http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lee=Bruce Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Atkinson-Wood=Helen Atkinson-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Ziyi=Zhang Ziyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chow_Yun-fat=Chow Yun-fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammo_Hung=Sammo Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsui_Hark=Tsui Hark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Tam=Roman Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan=Jackie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Yeoh=Michelle Yeoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Cheung=Maggie Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gong_Li=Gong Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yimou=Zhang Yimou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Cheung=Leslie Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Chiu-Wai=Tony Leung Chiu-Wai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Lai=Leon Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammi_Cheng=Sammi Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chatto=Daniel Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Wong=Faye Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Anwar=Mina Anwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Lee=Coco Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Lau=Andy Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Welsh_(actor)=John Welsh (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Ryan=Christopher Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Mui=Anita Mui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Edwards=Hilton Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Chen=Joan Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fann_Wong=Fann Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sae_Isshiki=Sae Isshiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Chen=Chang Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Linder=Anders Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Doyle=Christopher Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Yeh=Sally Yeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanson_(singer)=John Hanson (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Vadim=Christian Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Aso=Kumiko Aso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Cheung=Jacky Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hung=William Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Kase=Ryo Kase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arata_Iura=Arata Iura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Harada=Masato Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jing_Tian=Jing Tian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolin_Tsai=Jolin Tsai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukumi_Kuroda=Fukumi Kuroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuko_Miyamoto=Nobuko Miyamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Yamazaki=Tsutomu Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Cooper=Terence Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Nagasawa=Miki Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rika_Komatsu=Rika Komatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Shiratori=Yuri Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazusa_Murai=Kazusa Murai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josie_Ho=Josie Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MC_Jin=MC Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Ling=Bai Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Chow=Stephen Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Chou=Jay Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuen_Biao=Yuen Biao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Yung=Joey Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Gregg=Hubert Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Emney=Fred Emney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Tse=Nicholas Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Leung=Gigi Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_Mak=Juno Mak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanness_Wu=Vanness Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Chu=Ken Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Yan=Jerry Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Chen=Kelly Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Ishikura=Saburo Ishikura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Thomas_(actor)=Gareth Thomas (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Saint-Macary=Xavier Saint-Macary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dixon=David Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Sutherland=Catherine Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayuko_Aoki=Mayuko Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Ng=Deep Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Kane=Samuel Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_de_Sancha=Antonia de Sancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Drach=Michel Drach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisa_Yokoyama=Chisa Yokoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Chung=Gillian Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlene_Choi=Charlene Choi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omi_Minami=Omi Minami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Yamaguchi_(voice_actress)=Yuriko Yamaguchi (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Iwanaga=Tetsuya Iwanaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Mantle=Doreen Mantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Theakston=Will Theakston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Kawamura=Maria Kawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Sakuma=Rei Sakuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayo_Kurata=Masayo Kurata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Kobayashi=Yumiko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Yoshida=Sayuri Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motomu_Kiyokawa=Motomu Kiyokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Winter=Vincent Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Richardson_(actor)=John Richardson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hui=Samuel Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kaneshiro=Takeshi Kaneshiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakiko_Tamagawa=Sakiko Tamagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Kasahara=Hiroko Kasahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Fujitani=Miki Fujitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomu_Sasaki=Nozomu Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacy_Ryan=Lacy Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Estcourt=Richard Estcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_(actor)=John Paul (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shu_Qi=Shu Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lone=John Lone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinami_Nishimura=Chinami Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Natsuki=Rio Natsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Daoming=Chen Daoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Hsu=Vivian Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_Love=Kermit Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Lau=Maggie Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiana_Horton=Christiana Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Monro=Joanna Monro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippa_Haywood=Pippa Haywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordelia_Bugeja=Cordelia Bugeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritha_Goodey=Fritha Goodey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stirling_Gallacher=Stirling Gallacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Kobayashi=Yuko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Wong=Russell Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiko_Fujita=Toshiko Fujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomo_Sakurai=Tomo Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Yeung=Miriam Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurmit_Singh=Gurmit Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoko_Aida=Shoko Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan'ami=Kan'ami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Nakagawa=Akiko Nakagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Nakahara=Shigeru Nakahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Kikuchi=Masami Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Iwai=Yukiko Iwai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagisa_Katahira=Nagisa Katahira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumi_Hirano=Fumi Hirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Kingetsu=Mami Kingetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Zaizen=Naomi Zaizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risa_Junna=Risa Junna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Kobayashi=Satomi Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Nagasawa=Naomi Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Wen=Jiang Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carina_Lau=Carina Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Best=Edna Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taeko_Kawata=Taeko Kawata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiki_Matsuno=Taiki Matsuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Chan=Danny Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Yamamoto=Yuriko Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naozumi_Takahashi=Naozumi Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Mitsui=Yuri Mitsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Su=Alec Su
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Ikura=Kazue Ikura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Sasamoto=Yuko Sasamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Roberts_(actor)=Graham Roberts (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunihiko_Yasui=Kunihiko Yasui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Kwok=Aaron Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reika_Hashimoto=Reika Hashimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Poulton=Mabel Poulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_Ravalec=Blanche Ravalec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsunosuke_Hori=Katsunosuke Hori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuko_Inuyama=Inuko Inuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daiki_Nakamura=Daiki Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiko_Takimoto=Fujiko Takimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiko_Tanaka=Masahiko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Colenso=Dominic Colenso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Palmade=Pierre Palmade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eason_Chan=Eason Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaycee_Chan=Jaycee Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Cheong=Angie Cheong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Ito=Ayumi Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akemi_Okamura=Akemi Okamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroya_Ishimaru=Hiroya Ishimaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wong_(lyricist)=James Wong (lyricist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Sugawara=Masashi Sugawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Umezu=Hideyuki Umezu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misako_Tanaka=Misako Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etsuko_Kozakura=Etsuko Kozakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michitaka_Kobayashi=Michitaka Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Wong_(Hong_Kong_actor)=Anthony Wong (Hong Kong actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Shimada=Yoko Shimada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Wang=Liza Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuen_Wah=Yuen Wah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Wang=Cyndi Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Matsumoto=Akiko Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumiko_Ukai=Rumiko Ukai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Boyer=Jacqueline Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wong_(actor)=Michael Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Sanli=Ma Sanli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femi_Taylor=Femi Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Lindon=Vincent Lindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Emori=Hiroko Emori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hui=Andy Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hardy_(actor)=Arthur Hardy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Shuter=Edward Shuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Wong=Felix Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Tabata=Tomoko Tabata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saya_Takagi=Saya Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katashi_Ishizuka=Katashi Ishizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurina_Hase=Yurina Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakana_Yamazaki=Wakana Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruhi_Nanao=Haruhi Nanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tam=Alan Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Cheng=Adam Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Lin=Ruby Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wong_(musician)=Paul Wong (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Ka-fai=Tony Leung Ka-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Guitry=Lucien Guitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Narahashi=Miki Narahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhiro_Takato=Yasuhiro Takato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Shiraishi=Ayako Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Takada=Yumi Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yayoi_Jinguji=Yayoi Jinguji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneta_Kimotsuki=Kaneta Kimotsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Fujino=Kaoru Fujino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Chan=Kit Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Yuen=Anita Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Deas=Justin Deas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Suzuki=Masami Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Masuda=Yuki Masuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Akiyoshi=Kumiko Akiyoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osamu_Hosoi=Osamu Hosoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Nomura=Yuka Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Hoshino=Tomoko Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Hoshino=Mari Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiri_Henmi=Emiri Henmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Hishimi=Yuriko Hishimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stephenson=James Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Xiaogang=Feng Xiaogang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Fujita=Yumiko Fujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwako_Fujitani=Miwako Fujitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiho_Fujimura=Shiho Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maki_Mizuno=Maki Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika_Markham=Kika Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Hosokawa=Naomi Hosokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Railsback=Steve Railsback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Sasanuma=Akira Sasanuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsu_Shiratori=Tetsu Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Akisada=Rio Akisada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Akino=Yoko Akino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narimi_Arimori=Narimi Arimori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumi_Sakuma=Kumi Sakuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issei_Miyazaki=Issei Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Takahata=Atsuko Takahata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyomi_Asai=Kiyomi Asai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Hada=Michiko Hada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Mabuchi=Erika Mabuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narumi_Yasuda=Narumi Yasuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Yamaguchi=Tomoko Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Thomas_(actress)=Sarah Thomas (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriko_Watanabe=Eriko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Wakamura=Mayumi Wakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Watanabe=Noriko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Toda=Keiko Toda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Yamamoto=Mirai Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riona_Hazuki=Riona Hazuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmin_St._Claire=Jasmin St. Claire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Starks=Carol Starks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Light_(actor)=John Light (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoya_Kawano=Otoya Kawano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Kuroki=Hitomi Kuroki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Mita=Hiroko Mita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomiko_Ishii=Tomiko Ishii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoyo_Harada=Tomoyo Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shima_Iwashita=Shima Iwashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Oguri=Kaori Oguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Ohara=Reiko Ohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Oka_(actress)=Ayumi Oka (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Ogawa_(singer)=Noriko Ogawa (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selina_Jen=Selina Jen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Okamoto=Yukiko Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotono_Shibuya=Kotono Shibuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoko_Shibuya=Momoko Shibuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Xuan=Zhou Xuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoka_Kurotani=Tomoka Kurotani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Ninagawa=Yuki Ninagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Hagino=Takashi Hagino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolo_Yeung=Bolo Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Yamamoto=Mayumi Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuko_Yamamoto=Natsuko Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Takahashi=Keiko Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Mizuno=Miki Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chieko_Honda=Chieko Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawa_Ishige=Sawa Ishige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Matsumoto=Miwa Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Smet=Laura Smet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Hui=Ricky Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misako_Konno=Misako Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahiru_Konno=Mahiru Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Nomura=Michiko Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuko_Sugiyama=Kazuko Sugiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Yen=Donnie Yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Takahashi_(actress)=Kaori Takahashi (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fubuki_Takane=Fubuki Takane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Takashima=Reiko Takashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Takeshita=Keiko Takeshita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikari_Ishida=Hikari Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Gamblin=Jacques Gamblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukimasa_Kishino=Yukimasa Kishino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiyoko_Kawashima=Chiyoko Kawashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chishu_Ryu=Chishu Ryu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Toyoshima=Machiko Toyoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Takahashi_(actress)=Hitomi Takahashi (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Tanaka=Yoshiko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Muzhi=Yuan Muzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotaro_Koizumi=Kotaro Koizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Urawa=Megumi Urawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Takagi=Miho Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Tachibana=Yukari Tachibana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Knyvette=Sally Knyvette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Le_Bihan=Samuel Le Bihan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chizuru_Ikewaki=Chizuru Ikewaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Ishida=Yuriko Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshino_Kimura=Yoshino Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tae_Kimura=Tae Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Siao=Josephine Siao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idy_Chan=Idy Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinnosuke_Furumoto=Shinnosuke Furumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Moriguchi=Yoko Moriguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsumi_Osawa=Itsumi Osawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Wally=Gustaf Wally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsumi_Suzuki=Katsumi Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Asano=Mayumi Asano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seika_Kuze=Seika Kuze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Smith_(actor)=Stuart Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honami_Tajima=Honami Tajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fawcett_(actor)=John Fawcett (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Lin=Brigitte Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kemble=Roger Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekin_Cheng=Ekin Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Holland_(actor)=Charles Holland (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruka_Suenaga=Haruka Suenaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuji_Mori=Katsuji Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hou=Patty Hou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Knepp=Elizabeth Knepp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Kosakiewicz=Olga Kosakiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Aston=Anthony Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majandra_Delfino=Majandra Delfino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Ye_(actor)=Liu Ye (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Drysdale=Kathryn Drysdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Horiuchi=Masami Horiuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayoko_Kishimoto=Kayoko Kishimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Dara=Jean Dara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Mihara=Junko Mihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Johnson=Benjamin Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenix_Kwok=Kenix Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsubasa_Akimoto=Tsubasa Akimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maki_Meguro=Maki Meguro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Higashide=Noriko Higashide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Kawada=Atsuko Kawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Van_Ville=Max Van Ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_le_Bargy=Charles le Bargy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Hendley=Fiona Hendley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Chaplin=Carmen Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Mok=Karen Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Eklund=Bengt Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fylgia_Zadig=Fylgia Zadig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsumi_Fukuma=Mutsumi Fukuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Fujima=Miho Fujima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Kishi=Keiko Kishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruriko_Asaoka=Ruriko Asaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tae_Hitoto=Tae Hitoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicia_Chin=Felicia Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Patterson=Sarah Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Beevers=Geoffrey Beevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Daolin=Sun Daolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Battersea=Sam Battersea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Volter=Philippe Volter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Del_Val=Jean Del Val
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Tsumura=Makoto Tsumura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Chong=Michelle Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Evans=Norman Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen_Raymond=Aileen Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_Carson=Silas Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Fisher=India Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Bowerman=Lisa Bowerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Wei=Zhao Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakira_Caine=Shakira Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Ooms=Amanda Ooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Lee=Shannon Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Martin=Trevor Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Jahan=Marine Jahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Marks_(performer)=Jack Marks (performer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainie_Yang=Rainie Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Lane_(actress)=Jackie Lane (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_Aw=Jeanette Aw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Stuart=Jeanne Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Skornik=Estelle Skornik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_Carvic=Heron Carvic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Garrel=Maurice Garrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Finch=Flora Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Cox=Julie Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyanne_Thorne=Dyanne Thorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilber_Pan=Wilber Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Yue=Shawn Yue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Tsang=Kenneth Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexia_Portal=Alexia Portal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Demouy=Vanessa Demouy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Shimizu_(voice_actress)=Kaori Shimizu (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takumi_Yamazaki=Takumi Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Yamaguchi=Mayumi Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Tsang=Eric Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hall_(actor)=Charlie Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kwok=Roger Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_West=Anita West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Fu_Sheng=Alexander Fu Sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Wong=Race Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adia_Chan=Adia Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Hurwitz=Mitchell Hurwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Shimura=Yumi Shimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akane_Omae=Akane Omae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Nakano=Kumiko Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelique_Boyer=Angelique Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumi_Aki=Izumi Aki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuriko_Namino=Kuriko Namino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inger_Nilsson=Inger Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Essell=Eileen Essell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hsuan=Jessica Hsuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Koo=Louis Koo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Tiddy=Kim Tiddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umi_Tenjin=Umi Tenjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babette_Bardot=Babette Bardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Coffey=Denise Coffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Yamaguchi=Yoshiko Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Carlson=Veronica Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hogg_(actor)=Ian Hogg (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nettleton_(actor)=John Nettleton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasunori_Masutani=Yasunori Masutani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumi_Kasahara=Rumi Kasahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Kwan=Shirley Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedli_Anderson=Hedli Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Peel=Edward Peel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kobayashi=Akira Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Ayres=Fraser Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Heard=Daphne Heard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Blake=Gillian Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chihiro_Otsuka=Chihiro Otsuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Adamsdale=Will Adamsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Chesnais=Patrick Chesnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Latham=Philip Latham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Aubrey=Jimmy Aubrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Christmas=Eric Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Ault=Marie Ault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Pearlman=Michael Pearlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Muroi=Shigeru Muroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hollis=John Hollis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chaffey=John Chaffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Blier=Bernard Blier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Xiao_Ling_Tong=Liu Xiao Ling Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Bee=Kenny Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Chan=Jordan Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Taylor=Joanna Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakin_Chau=Wakin Chau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Shiu=Maggie Shiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Kobayashi=Masahiro Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiten_Kusunoki=Taiten Kusunoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Ma=Wu Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lam_Ching-ying=Lam Ching-ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiro_Izumi=Shiro Izumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Davies=Geoffrey Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Liu=Gordon Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Horovitch=David Horovitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Moriyama=Mirai Moriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_De_Banzie=Brenda De Banzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Yifei=Liu Yifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lloyd-Pack=Charles Lloyd-Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noname_Jane=Noname Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Wu=Vivian Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Dupontel=Albert Dupontel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Patrick_(actor)=Nick Patrick (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Leung=Edmond Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endy_Chow=Endy Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Cheung=Julian Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lam=George Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Fong_(singer)=Alex Fong (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_To=Chapman To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Marchand=Colette Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Mitchell_(actor)=Hugh Mitchell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Herdman=Joshua Herdman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Luckham=Cyril Luckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Cooper=George A. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Melia=Michael Melia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimi_Iwasaki=Yoshimi Iwasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siv_Ericks=Siv Ericks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Ishida_(actress)=Ayumi Ishida (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Buxton=Judy Buxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Funnell=Jenny Funnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnelly_Rhodes=Donnelly Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikko_Matsuoka=Kikko Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Yung=Barbara Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Pang=Adrian Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norito_Yashima=Norito Yashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Yamamoto=Maria Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Pyott=Keith Pyott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Randall=Walter Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nokes=James Nokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Cheung=Roy Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Maskall=Jake Maskall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Nakagawa=Anna Nakagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Locke=Katherine Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Fitzwiliam=Neil Fitzwiliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellyanne_Farquhar=Kellyanne Farquhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Maynard=Patricia Maynard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kanda=Sayaka Kanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineko_Nishikawa=Mineko Nishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Lam=Sandy Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallen_Lo=Gallen Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiji_Asaoka=Yukiji Asaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Chow=Vivian Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chingmy_Yau=Chingmy Yau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Reid_(actress)=Alex Reid (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Miyaji=Mao Miyaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Webster_(actor)=Ben Webster (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Asaka=Mayumi Asaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_Bhatti=Babar Bhatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Knowles_(actor)=Michael Knowles (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorris_Bowdon=Dorris Bowdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Ng=Melissa Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Maeda_(voice_actress)=Ai Maeda (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmaine_Sheh=Charmaine Sheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Xiaoqing=Liu Xiaoqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Berling=Charles Berling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Wu=Daniel Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Tam_(actor)=Patrick Tam (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_Chu=Athena Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiara_Mastroianni=Chiara Mastroianni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Austin=Michele Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ofo_Uhiara=Ofo Uhiara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Boht=Jean Boht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathon_Morris=Jonathon Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilly_Coman=Gilly Coman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Conway=Nick Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Milmoe=Caroline Milmoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Byatt=Sharon Byatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Phillips-Lane=Joanna Phillips-Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Grant=Deborah Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Chan_(actor)=Danny Chan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josette_Simon=Josette Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Lang=Howard Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Blin=Roger Blin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Pacey=Steven Pacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_White=Frances White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Cheng=Joyce Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Chan=Sunny Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Jones_(actor)=Griffith Jones (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJ_Lin=JJ Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Brake=Patricia Brake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Bell=Rachel Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Power=Camilla Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwong_Wa=Kwong Wa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Emerick=Louis Emerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brill=Charlie Brill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Sinclair=Belinda Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Yuchun=Li Yuchun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bergman=Henry Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Gardner=Catherine Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Tse=Patrick Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Burns_(actor)=Nicholas Burns (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Peters=Molly Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patric_Doonan=Patric Doonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Thomas=Clare Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiu_Chi-ling=Chiu Chi-ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Raven_(actor)=David Raven (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Jury=Chris Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicky_Cheung=Dicky Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Cheung_(actor)=Steven Cheung (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_James=Heather James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stina_Ekblad=Stina Ekblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Meade=Mary Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Gruber_(actor)=Franz Gruber (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Hao_(actress)=Chen Hao (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Yeung=Shirley Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Cadman=Stacey Cadman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Kar-leung=Lau Kar-leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Swanwick=Peter Swanwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hardy=Linda Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Kwan=Kenny Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Perrier=Denise Perrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Lai=Gigi Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandrine_Kiberlain=Sandrine Kiberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Hermantier=Raymond Hermantier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Brook=Faith Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xie_Shaoguang=Xie Shaoguang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tay_Ping_Hui=Tay Ping Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_McGann=Stephen McGann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Drinkel=Keith Drinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Wakabayashi=Akiko Wakabayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephy_Tang=Stephy Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Fu=Theresa Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kary_Ng=Kary Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Yeung=Miki Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Ayres=Rosalind Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Ho=Denise Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masachika_Ichimura=Masachika Ichimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Fujioka=Hiroshi Fujioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Rose=Clifford Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayo_Wong=Dayo Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Larkin=Chris Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papaya_Suzuki=Papaya Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsushi_Kisaichi=Atsushi Kisaichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Rogers=Sally Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bostrom=Arthur Bostrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Lieh=Lo Lieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Grout=James Grout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Cho=Mandy Cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ning_Jing=Ning Jing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Skoog=Helge Skoog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tania_Mallet=Tania Mallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akemi_Kanda=Akemi Kanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriette_Deborah_Lacy=Harriette Deborah Lacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Lee_(actress)=Ivy Lee (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Nanxing=Li Nanxing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Seow=Andrew Seow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ainley=Richard Ainley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Lo=Justin Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Tong=Kent Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lee_(Singaporean_actor)=Christopher Lee (Singaporean actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wang_(actor)=Jimmy Wang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Halstead=Rosalind Halstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Perski=Peter Perski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Chow=Niki Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Plowright=Hilda Plowright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Lucas=Charlotte Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosco_Wong=Bosco Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inday_Ba=Inday Ba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Spencer_Stephens=Harvey Spencer Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Forget=Maud Forget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Sekka=Johnny Sekka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harumi_Ikoma=Harumi Ikoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimie_Shingyoji=Kimie Shingyoji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Lin=Jimmy Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Rye=Daphne Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babben_Larsson=Babben Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Austin_(actor)=William Austin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanako_Matsushima=Nanako Matsushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Digges=West Digges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Koon=Ella Koon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Chan=Moses Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Shankley=Amelia Shankley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Kida=Ayumi Kida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_MacKay_(actor)=Angus MacKay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Ekborg=Dan Ekborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per-Axel_Arosenius=Per-Axel Arosenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Perry-Metcalf=Chris Perry-Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Tsui=Kate Tsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Porter_(actress)=Mary Porter (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_King=Dennis King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Quintrell=Sarah Quintrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Warne=Jo Warne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dany_Verissimo=Dany Verissimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Seale=Douglas Seale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Lindgren=Lisa Lindgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Lee=Angelica Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karena_Lam=Karena Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gabriel_Nero=Carlo Gabriel Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavia_Yeung=Tavia Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lonsdale=Michael Lonsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reine_Brynolfsson=Reine Brynolfsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Slater=Simon Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Leach=Rosemary Leach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Emilfork=Daniel Emilfork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Leung=Joey Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Dudley-Ward=Penelope Dudley-Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Woodvine=Mary Woodvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Ekerot=Bengt Ekerot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravi_Kapoor=Ravi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Tseng=Jenny Tseng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deric_Wan=Deric Wan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Lund=Sonja Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christer_Boustedt=Christer Boustedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henric_Holmberg=Henric Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Med_Reventberg=Med Reventberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbro_Oborg=Barbro Oborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Holmgren=Rolf Holmgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Schaloske=Yvonne Schaloske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Eggers=Per Eggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Mosesson=Hans Mosesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kpobie=Joseph Kpobie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Stephen=Susan Stephen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Colgrave_Pope=Kate Colgrave Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Platt=Jenny Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan_Stunt_Team=Jackie Chan Stunt Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Yasuhara=Reiko Yasuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Huang=Stanley Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dany_Robin=Dany Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Guinness=Matthew Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichiro_Ohta=Shinichiro Ohta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ross_(actor)=David Ross (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Miller=Lynne Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dencik=David Dencik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brett=David Brett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marika_Green=Marika Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carman_Lee=Carman Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Kok=Derek Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Steiner=John Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaho_Minami=Kaho Minami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youki_Kudoh=Youki Kudoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Chang_(singer)=Jeff Chang (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Yung=Yvonne Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caryn_Richman=Caryn Richman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misa_Uehara_(actress,_born_1937)=Misa Uehara (actress, born 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Biren=Huang Biren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lee_(comedian)=Mark Lee (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_Gillett=Aden Gillett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chew_Chor_Meng=Chew Chor Meng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qi_Yuwu=Qi Yuwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Lamb=Jan Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zena_Marshall=Zena Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavis_Fan=Mavis Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ng_Man-tat=Ng Man-tat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Ling_Po=Ivy Ling Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gooderson=David Gooderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Flint-Shipman=Piers Flint-Shipman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Sit=Fiona Sit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lui=Mark Lui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl_de_Zoete=Beryl de Zoete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Kuroki=Marina Kuroki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen_Tan=Aileen Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiang_Yun=Xiang Yun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoko_Yonekura=Ryoko Yonekura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Jen=Richie Jen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belita=Belita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoku_Shioya=Yoku Shioya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Gong=Feng Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boulanger=Daniel Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xuejian=Li Xuejian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Pang=Diana Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Bolin=Chen Bolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Wilson-Jones=Anna Wilson-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemima_Abey=Jemima Abey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Kwan=Rosamund Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Michaels_(actor)=David Michaels (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Nagasaku=Hiromi Nagasaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Uemura=Noriko Uemura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Kashiwakura=Tsutomu Kashiwakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narumi_Tsunoda=Narumi Tsunoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriko_Hara=Eriko Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Suzuka=Chiharu Suzuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanae_Takagi=Sanae Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shino_Kakinuma=Shino Kakinuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taeko_Nakanishi=Taeko Nakanishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Ng=Ron Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Wu=Kenji Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katja_Kassin=Katja Kassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Lui=Ray Lui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Au=Sharon Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebe_Tien=Hebe Tien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Glanzelius=Anton Glanzelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernice_Liu=Bernice Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuma_Takewaka=Takuma Takewaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshino_Takamori=Yoshino Takamori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Bingbing=Fan Bingbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Nahon=Philippe Nahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Bozzuffi=Marcel Bozzuffi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivana_Wong=Ivana Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Hartman=Kim Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_Chou=Collin Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Constantin=Michel Constantin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinako_Saeki=Hinako Saeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiho_Kikuchi=Shiho Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Montez=Mario Montez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Milhaud=Madeleine Milhaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xiaolu=Li Xiaolu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Elliot=Su Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issey_Ogata=Issey Ogata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madoka_Kimura=Madoka Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahito_Tsujimura=Mahito Tsujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Nash=Simon Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hopkins_(actor)=John Hopkins (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dalle=Peter Dalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Okada=Eiji Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Tse=Kay Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshie_Negishi=Toshie Negishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Nishina=Akiko Nishina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cooper_(actor)=Charles Cooper (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayu_Tsuruta=Mayu Tsuruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Sawyer=Toby Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huggy_Leaver=Huggy Leaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Patten=Alice Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanichi_Kurita=Kanichi Kurita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Farley=Rupert Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Lin=Kelly Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Bernard=Sam Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Au-yeung=Bobby Au-yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wildman=Michael Wildman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_King_(comedian)=Matt King (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikiya_Otaka=Rikiya Otaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francine_Brody=Francine Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Hopf_(actor)=Heinz Hopf (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Gunn=Margo Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Standing_(actor)=Michael Standing (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomo_Saeki=Tomo Saeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Fukui=Yukari Fukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Yamaguchi=Takayuki Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoe_Hanba=Tomoe Hanba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Pleavin=Andrew Pleavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Leaf=Richard Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Chen=Adam Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Sandoval=Esther Sandoval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mie_Hama=Mie Hama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Leung=Sammy Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolga_Safer=Tolga Safer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darry_Cowl=Darry Cowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takako_Katou=Takako Katou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoki_Yanagi=Naoki Yanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Campbell_(actor)=Adam Campbell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Ang=Joshua Ang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Nakajima=Michiyo Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah-Jane_Varley=Sarah-Jane Varley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasmond_Koh=Dasmond Koh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Kemp=Charlie Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Kobayashi_(voice_actor)=Akiko Kobayashi (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuka_Hasegawa=Shizuka Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayako_Nigo=Mayako Nigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisayoshi_Suganuma=Hisayoshi Suganuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erino_Hazuki=Erino Hazuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sian_Webber=Sian Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Gish=Lou Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Chiang=Mandy Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Davion=Geoffrey Davion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihide_Wakamatsu=Toshihide Wakamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Heywood=Joanne Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleur_Bennett=Fleur Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Poppe=Nils Poppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enid_Stamp_Taylor=Enid Stamp Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion_Lam=Dion Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Green=Andrea Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Lu=Lisa Lu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Chiu=Connie Chiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Savva=Anna Savva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Anan=Kenji Anan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiaki_Karasawa=Toshiaki Karasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakazu_Tamura=Masakazu Tamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Shaw_(actor)=Steve Shaw (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Cooke=Kirsten Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Hodge=Sue Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myolie_Wu=Myolie Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutaka_Takenouchi=Yutaka Takenouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Perry_(British_actor)=Jeffrey Perry (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rui_En=Rui En
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Heffer=Richard Heffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Watson=Jonathan Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Newth=Jonathan Newth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Greenstreet=Mark Greenstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vahina_Giocante=Vahina Giocante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Trueman=Brian Trueman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Braithwaite=Lilian Braithwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Dandan=Song Dandan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Farrell=Maureen O'Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debby_Bishop=Debby Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ellis_(actor)=Jack Ellis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Chan=Flora Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Matsuura=Eleanor Matsuura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Lambert=Annie Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rena_Tanaka=Rena Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Lewis_(actress)=Lorna Lewis (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Atkins=Coral Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Hong_(actress)=Chen Hong (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihiko_Nakajima=Toshihiko Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Woof=Emily Woof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Okamoto=Maya Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Yamauchi=Sayuri Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Eklund=Jakob Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikard_Wolff=Rikard Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Ishimura=Tomoko Ishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyo-sei=Hyo-sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_Sterke=Jeanette Sterke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Murphy=Katy Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frankham=David Frankham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Mao=Angela Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwan_Tak-hing=Kwan Tak-hing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Clive=Kitty Clive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Newark=Derek Newark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Costa=Sam Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Motoi=Emi Motoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takehiro_Murozono=Takehiro Murozono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Bichang=Zhou Bichang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Gregory=Celia Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Tranchell=Chris Tranchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Kahn=Brigitte Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ema_Kogure=Ema Kogure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Fry=Nina Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oma_Ichimura=Oma Ichimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Slaughter_(actress)=Jane Slaughter (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Ishizu=Aya Ishizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ola_Rapace=Ola Rapace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiho_Kawaragi=Shiho Kawaragi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Hibiki=Ayaka Hibiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Frances_Dana=Muriel Frances Dana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieko_Harada=Mieko Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisako_Manda=Hisako Manda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiharu_Sakurai=Toshiharu Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Hanwei=Chen Hanwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Fothergill=Miles Fothergill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Wilkin=Jeremy Wilkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Philpin=Harriet Philpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Lees_Price=Janet Lees Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Parry=Rob Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bird_(actor)=Richard Bird (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Plowright=Louise Plowright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Kosuge=Mami Kosuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Hole=Joanna Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Urquhart=Philippa Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Mickery=Lizzie Mickery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyousei_Tsukui=Kyousei Tsukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Rikimaru=Noriko Rikimaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiya_Ueda=Toshiya Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazunari_Tanaka=Kazunari Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Dutton=Simon Dutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikuo_Nishikawa=Ikuo Nishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Garbutt=James Garbutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Yamada=Miho Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Ng=Sandra Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Helsby=Eileen Helsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hallet=John Hallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Kalfon=Jean-Pierre Kalfon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fung=Stephen Fung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Matsumoto=Megumi Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takako_Tokiwa=Takako Tokiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ittoku_Kishibe=Ittoku Kishibe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Takizawa=Kumiko Takizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Yasuda=Miwa Yasuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Denicourt=Marianne Denicourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Lee_(actor)=Sam Lee (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiko_Sawada=Toshiko Sawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dullin=Charles Dullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Xiuhuan=Chen Xiuhuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Emoto=Akira Emoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Okusu=Michiyo Okusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akifumi_Miura=Akifumi Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koen_Kondo=Koen Kondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takatoshi_Kaneko=Takatoshi Kaneko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Igarashi=Rei Igarashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Shimakata=Junko Shimakata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Nakayama=Sara Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Kashiwagi=Yukiko Kashiwagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Hagimori=Junko Hagimori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Asoh=Kaori Asoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Culliford=James Culliford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roddy_Maude-Roxby=Roddy Maude-Roxby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teruyuki_Kagawa=Teruyuki Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Humphreys=Nigel Humphreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kelly_(actor)=Tom Kelly (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bryans=John Bryans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuyuki_Sogabe=Kazuyuki Sogabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Okina=Megumi Okina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariko_Suzuki=Mariko Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yui_Ichikawa=Yui Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Forgione=Carl Forgione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Tate=Stephen Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Sherwin=Jane Sherwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primi_Townsend=Primi Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Curry=Shaun Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Chan=Rebecca Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fares_Fares=Fares Fares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Kawase_(actor)=Akiko Kawase (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lindsay_(actor)=William Lindsay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Davies=Rachel Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Scoggo=Tony Scoggo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Blatch=Helen Blatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Manship=Deborah Manship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Scully=Terry Scully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Baxter=Lois Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Stewart=Roy Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Glennie=Alison Glennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Molander=Gustaf Molander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Harris=Dean Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Henfrey=Janet Henfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Spaull=Colin Spaull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Walsh_(actor)=Terry Walsh (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Arliss=Ralph Arliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Barritt=Ian Barritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Langford=Robin Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Jayne=Keith Jayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Galloway=Jack Galloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hall_(actor)=Frederick Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Williams_(actress)=Wendy Williams (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Grellis=Brian Grellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Herrick=Roy Herrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Pegge=Edmund Pegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Page=June Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Logan=Crawford Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Nyman=Lena Nyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Matsumoto=Dai Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsumi_Toriumi=Katsumi Toriumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Bland=June Bland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Sabin=Alec Sabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Clifford=Clare Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Laurimore=Jon Laurimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Masuyama=Eiko Masuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konami_Yoshida=Konami Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Aizawa=Keiko Aizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Newell=Michelle Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prue_Clarke=Prue Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Rowbottom=Jo Rowbottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Morant=Angela Morant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Mahoney=Louis Mahoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Miller_(actor)=Brian Miller (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Tezuka=Chiharu Tezuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishia_Bennison=Ishia Bennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Ishizuka=Rie Ishizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vahey=Robert Vahey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Lam=Sarah Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Pountney=Graham Pountney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Penry-Jones=Peter Penry-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rolfe_(actor)=John Rolfe (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_Lehne=Fredric Lehne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Coonan=Daniel Coonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Wayborn=Kristina Wayborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuaki_Hoshino=Mitsuaki Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_Kouda=Naoko Kouda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozue_Yoshizumi=Kozue Yoshizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lindgren_(actor)=Peter Lindgren (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Baines=Kate Baines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida_Hallgren=Frida Hallgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lintern=Richard Lintern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Peh=Joanne Peh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mioko_Fujiwara=Mioko Fujiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McManus_(British_actor)=Jim McManus (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Want=Lorna Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Taguchi=Hiroko Taguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsumi_Yanase=Natsumi Yanase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Blumenau=Colin Blumenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Wilson=Andreas Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Relph=George Relph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmaine_Li=Charmaine Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devang_Patel=Devang Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Bingbing=Li Bingbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Fontaine=Eva Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Kurizuka=Asahi Kurizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Glover=Jon Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ran_Ito=Ran Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Lam=Raymond Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Shiraishi=Minoru Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_McErlane=Maria McErlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwako_Ichikawa=Miwako Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinji_Kawada=Shinji Kawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariyon_Bakare=Ariyon Bakare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuuki_Matsuda=Yuuki Matsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammul_Chan=Sammul Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonija_Kwok=Sonija Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Ford=Mick Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Chan=Sharon Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Boidron=Emmanuelle Boidron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Tong=Leila Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kee_Thuan_Chye=Kee Thuan Chye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minori_Matsushima=Minori Matsushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takanori_Hoshino=Takanori Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisuke_Asakura=Eisuke Asakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Yachigusa=Kaoru Yachigusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki_Nakajima_(voice_actress)=Saki Nakajima (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Li=Don Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norm_Grabowski=Norm Grabowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrianna_Costa=Adrianna Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Weary=Jake Weary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherrie_Ying=Cherrie Ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Mikami=Masashi Mikami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikiko_Miki=Mikiko Miki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Xiaoming=Huang Xiaoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Haye=Helen Haye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kerridge=Mary Kerridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Morton=Clive Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Shintani=Mayumi Shintani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Takemoto=Eiji Takemoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Sakai=Kanako Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Cunningham=Dan Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Collier=Ian Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Thin_Elk=Ted Thin Elk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Chung=Linda Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Deadman=Derek Deadman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Chien-chou=Chen Chien-chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Yau=Benny Yau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Cartwright_(actor)=Ben Cartwright (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Lorit=Jean-Pierre Lorit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_Hsu=Barbie Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Robson=Samantha Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Chen=Joe Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikako_Ichikawa=Mikako Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Firth=Julian Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Kennedy_(actor)=Patrick Kennedy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Chang=Angela Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Sakazume=Takayuki Sakazume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Yuya=Atsuko Yuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Qinqin=Jiang Qinqin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Tao=Liu Tao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Satouchi=Shinobu Satouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akimitsu_Takase=Akimitsu Takase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosuke_Ikematsu=Sosuke Ikematsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Wan=Eric Wan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Lee_(actor)=Shawn Lee (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Ma=Steven Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Cheng=Kevin Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Mashiba=Mari Mashiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Verrey=David Verrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikuya_Sawaki=Ikuya Sawaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Kawai=Yoshio Kawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_(voice_actress)=Kaori (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Chou=Lawrence Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daizen_Shishido=Daizen Shishido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanji_Hase=Sanji Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Miyauchi=Hiroshi Miyauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Kosakiewicz=Wanda Kosakiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotomi_Kyono=Kotomi Kyono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Rice=Joan Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Renaud=Madeleine Renaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Parkes=Shaun Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Sardou=Jackie Sardou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Kanie=Eiji Kanie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelda_Holmes=Kelda Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronny_Jhutti=Ronny Jhutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuyo_Aoki=Kazuyo Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Yada=Minoru Yada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Standing=Richard Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuki_Matsushita=Miyuki Matsushita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Nissen=Brian Nissen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Aratama=Michiyo Aratama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Kimura=Isao Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Chiaki=Minoru Chiaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisashi_Igawa=Hisashi Igawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokuzen_Hidari=Bokuzen Hidari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Miyaguchi=Seiji Miyaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tzi_Ma=Tzi Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wan_Kwong=Wan Kwong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_(actor)=Rufus (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunie_Tanaka=Kunie Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Pierce=Gareth Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Karahashi=Mitsuru Karahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takamasa_Suga=Takamasa Suga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohisa_Yuge=Tomohisa Yuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asami_Kai=Asami Kai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Norton=Deborah Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kento_Handa=Kento Handa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Mizorogi=Ken Mizorogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leilani_Gaja=Leilani Gaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsushi_Harada=Atsushi Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuyuki_Murai=Katsuyuki Murai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Chan=Connie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Hillman=Carly Hillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Peyton=Ben Peyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Alhanko=Josephine Alhanko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Hultgren=Petra Hultgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernanda_Marlowe=Fernanda Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Omambala=Chu Omambala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Luo=Show Luo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Daniel=Jennifer Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Chang=Sylvia Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Benton=Jessica Benton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Shaw=Paula Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Locke=Harry Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Rhodes=Marjorie Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Komiya=Kazue Komiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Takahashi=Miki Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Griffiths_Malin=Emma Griffiths Malin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Wong=Dave Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Lo=Ken Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Tsubaki=Takayuki Tsubaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fala_Chen=Fala Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Mogi=Shigeru Mogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Yip=Gloria Yip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Nozawa=Yukari Nozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Yamanouchi=Masato Yamanouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Shiraishi=Miho Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Qian_(actress)=Li Qian (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teru_Shimada=Teru Shimada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hewer=John Hewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Carson=Jeannie Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Sassard=Jacqueline Sassard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leanne_Li=Leanne Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Manesse=Gaspard Manesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yang_(director)=Zhang Yang (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavis_Hee=Mavis Hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo-Anne_Knowles=Jo-Anne Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Wooland=Norman Wooland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Latimer_(actor)=Hugh Latimer (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declan_Mulholland=Declan Mulholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_del_Mundo=Liza del Mundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomomi_Miyashita=Tomomi Miyashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ko=Alan Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Young_(actress)=Charlie Young (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vickery_Turner=Vickery Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Teo=Nicholas Teo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Hall_(actor)=Adrian Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Wu=Nicky Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Beresford=Benjamin Beresford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bull=Peter Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Rapaport=Alexandra Rapaport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Nielsen=Petra Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Brailsford=Pauline Brailsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Chan=Ellen Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takaaki_Ishibashi=Takaaki Ishibashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Littler=Matt Littler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Hamamura=Michiko Hamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Morgan_(actor)=Mike Morgan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvil_Poupaud=Melvil Poupaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Van_Ost=Valerie Van Ost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Cordero=Maria Cordero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shearer=Paul Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_O'Connolly=Jim O'Connolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Bakewell=Gary Bakewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Galabru=Michel Galabru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cheng=Joe Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anneli_Alhanko=Anneli Alhanko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Robinson_(actress)=Lucy Robinson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Allen=Joy Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Middlemiss=Philip Middlemiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah_Niu=Ah Niu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Anthony_Pearson=James Anthony Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylie_Watson=Wylie Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_Souleyman=Gem Souleyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemarie_Ford=Rosemarie Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeru_Shibaki=Takeru Shibaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Xun=Zhou Xun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chan=William Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Anderson,_Jr.=Michael Anderson, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Summerfield=Eleanor Summerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Toyonaga=Toshiyuki Toyonaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Mi=Yang Mi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koji_Yamamoto_(actor)=Koji Yamamoto (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margit_Carlqvist=Margit Carlqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Stephenson=Nicola Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Tokunaga=Ai Tokunaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Zuckerman=Lillian Zuckerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Hong=Apple Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Takahashi=Mai Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Yip=Wilson Yip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Doughty=Kenny Doughty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Putra=Jonathan Putra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Geng=Han Geng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyotaka_Imai=Kiyotaka Imai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anzu_Nagai=Anzu Nagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Fong_(actor)=Alex Fong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Neubert=Julie Neubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Koh=Cynthia Koh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Ono=Kenichi Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalis_Chan=Natalis Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Thomas=Ryan Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Hutchinson=Jenny Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shauna_Macdonald=Shauna Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Palk=Anna Palk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerstin_Tidelius=Kerstin Tidelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Akiya=Tomoko Akiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Kiely=Terry Kiely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Meagher=Karen Meagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorke_Sherwood=Yorke Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Jefferson=Stacy Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shrapnel=John Shrapnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Zheng=Megan Zheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Ye=Michelle Ye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddug_Williams=Buddug Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_Watanabe_(voice_actress)=Naoko Watanabe (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomiko_Suzuki=Tomiko Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gaminara=William Gaminara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Kawashima=Naomi Kawashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Dutton=Tim Dutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Halliwell=Steve Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Hartman=Billy Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Martin_(actor)=Peter Martin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Campbell=Cleveland Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Higginson=Julie Higginson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graeme_Hawley=Graeme Hawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Pearson=Megan Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Jinglei=Xu Jinglei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonya_Fitzpatrick=Sonya Fitzpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Lam=Bowie Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjeld_Gogosha-Clark=Kjeld Gogosha-Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valen_Hsu=Valen Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Stevenson_(comedian)=Jeff Stevenson (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alun_Lewis_(actor)=Alun Lewis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Foster=Julia Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanji_Tsuda=Kanji Tsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Smith_(actor)=Neville Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Durkin=Barbara Durkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Skipper=Susan Skipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Hallerstam=Leo Hallerstam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenie_Chu=Queenie Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlaine_Gordon=Marlaine Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Hamilton_(actress)=Gabrielle Hamilton (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Chao=Winston Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Heyland=Rob Heyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Jun=Hu Jun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_Li=Selena Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Luk=Sharon Luk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Kurup=Helen Kurup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Knight_(actor)=Don Knight (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Kuga=Yoshiko Kuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Xu=Zhu Xu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrie_Taylor=Kerrie Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisayo_Mochizuki=Hisayo Mochizuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako_(voice_actress)=Mako (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquie_Lyn=Jacquie Lyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ado_Endoh=Ado Endoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherie_Chung=Cherie Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Audsley=Nicholas Audsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Kelsey=Ian Kelsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filip_Berg=Filip Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_McGregor=Kate McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Meeks=Dale Meeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertil_Malmberg=Bertil Malmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rogers_(actor)=Paul Rogers (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollie-Jay_Bowes=Hollie-Jay Bowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Hale=Monte Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichi_Tsutsumi=Shinichi Tsutsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiru_Yuimoto=Michiru Yuimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuo_Kawamura=Takuo Kawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chizuko_Hoshino=Chizuko Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Gibson-Howell=Patricia Gibson-Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Tong=Angela Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgie_Glen=Georgie Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciara_Janson=Ciara Janson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah-Jane_Potts=Sarah-Jane Potts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essy_Persson=Essy Persson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Jay_Lewis=Matthew Jay Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Yule=Fred Yule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Boxer=Stephen Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Fitzroy=Emily Fitzroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Yanagisawa=Michiyo Yanagisawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshie_Taira=Yoshie Taira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesseca_Liu=Jesseca Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bennett_(actor)=Tom Bennett (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomi_Masu=Nozomi Masu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Cope=Martha Cope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Riley_(actor)=Tom Riley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harcourt=James Harcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Tsang=Bowie Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Tomelty=Frances Tomelty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Junli=Zheng Junli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Lin=Ariel Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Naka=Hiroshi Naka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Coulthard=Ray Coulthard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Marchant_(actor)=Stephen Marchant (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Wade=Stuart Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Booth_(actor)=Matthew Booth (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hawkins_(British_actor)=Michael Hawkins (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Kun=Chen Kun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruki_Matsukawa=Naruki Matsukawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Sarossy=Steve Sarossy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Cruse=Susan Cruse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taro_Yamaguchi=Taro Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Onozuka=Takashi Onozuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Nagatomo=Tatsuya Nagatomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kobayashi=Sayaka Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren_Yexiang=Ren Yexiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Carpio=Teresa Carpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mugambwa_Sseruwagi=Mugambwa Sseruwagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Cunliffe=Freddie Cunliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Janbell=Ingrid Janbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Lo=Candy Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Robson=Simon Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Lyndon=Danielle Lyndon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Harries=Julian Harries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Hanamura=Satomi Hanamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Sekiguchi=Mai Sekiguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kamiya=Sayaka Kamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Iwamura=Ai Iwamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Raymond=Gary Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Paul_Harvey=Adam Paul Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabou_Breitman=Zabou Breitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Le=Bruce Le
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amita_Dhiri=Amita Dhiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Cassidy=Raquel Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Cheng=Ronald Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Segal=Jeffrey Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Acton=Dawn Acton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Aspinall=Ian Aspinall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babita_Pohoomull=Babita Pohoomull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Dreyfus=Jean-Claude Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ady_An=Ady An
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Horikoshi=Mami Horikoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Yeo=Vivien Yeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Ohara=Noriko Ohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Connor=Alice Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Robin=Teddy Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Asou=Yumi Asou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Mitsuishi=Ken Mitsuishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Murakami=Jun Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Fukaura=Kanako Fukaura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Chen=Edison Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Heung=Anne Heung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Campbell_Moore=Stephen Campbell Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiichi_Noda=Keiichi Noda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Li_(actress)=Nina Li (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keaton_Yamada=Keaton Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutaka_Matsushige=Yutaka Matsushige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazunari_Kojima=Kazunari Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathryn_Harrison=Cathryn Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Naruse=Mia Naruse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Barry=Alice Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayano_Niina=Ayano Niina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Lam=Frankie Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoyo_Mung=Yoyo Mung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisaya_Morishige=Hisaya Morishige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cowley=Richard Cowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bryan_(16th-century_actor)=George Bryan (16th-century actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Atterton=Edward Atterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Brooks=Jessica Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Mikami=Hiroshi Mikami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maho_Toyota=Maho Toyota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuji_Kashiwabara=Shuji Kashiwabara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Chiang=David Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Woodward=Victoria Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Chen-yue=Chang Chen-yue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Nomura=Mami Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Watabe=Takeshi Watabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Wakui=Emi Wakui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Uchida=Asahi Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuya_Kobayashi=Katsuya Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Inaba=Yoshio Inaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Lumsden=Geoffrey Lumsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika_Mirylees=Kika Mirylees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Decker=Jennifer Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomas_Bolme=Tomas Bolme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Shengyi=Huang Shengyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Metcalfe=Jennifer Metcalfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connor_Marsh=Connor Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Longdon=Terence Longdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Chan=Sam Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Armstrong=Linda Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuna_Nishimura=Yuna Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marji_Campi=Marji Campi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Ikeuchi=Hiroyuki Ikeuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoriko_Douguchi=Yoriko Douguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Fubuki=Jun Fubuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Otaka=Akira Otaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Anderson_(English_actor)=James Anderson (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Low=Richard Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lee_(Singaporean_actress)=Margaret Lee (Singaporean actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Chan_(actor)=Benny Chan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Degang=Guo Degang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Plucknett=Victoria Plucknett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siw_Hughes=Siw Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Rees=Shelley Rees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_McGaughey=Nicholas McGaughey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Palfrey=Lisa Palfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Flanagan_(actor)=Mark Flanagan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Hyde=Connie Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Edwards_(actress)=Donna Edwards (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Png=Pierre Png
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Joseph=Michelle Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiro_Kishibe=Shiro Kishibe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gale_(actor)=David Gale (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Bradshaw-White=Luisa Bradshaw-White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Otake=Shinobu Otake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Murota=Hideo Murota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terumi_Niki=Terumi Niki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Yi_(actor)=Lu Yi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Rider=Elizabeth Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etsushi_Toyokawa=Etsushi Toyokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yui_Kano=Yui Kano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ui_Miyazaki=Ui Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Landi=Marla Landi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Churchett=Stephen Churchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_McSweeney=Alex McSweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Bedos=Guy Bedos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_He=Mike He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_West=Norma West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Morrish=Ann Morrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiichi_Nakai=Kiichi Nakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Takaguchi=Yukiko Takaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Birch_(actor)=Peter Birch (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Roberts_(actor)=Simon Roberts (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyumi_Shiraishi=Fuyumi Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Grant=Angela Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Auclair=Michel Auclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Smith_(actor)=Cedric Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Heribertson=Bertram Heribertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riku_Moriyama=Riku Moriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanveer_Ghani=Tanveer Ghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Culwick=Marc Culwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Jie=Zhou Jie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Harker=Caroline Harker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_D'Amario=Tony D'Amario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Heathcote=Thomas Heathcote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mayes=Richard Mayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Tanaka_(actor)=Minoru Tanaka (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuo_Senda=Mitsuo Senda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_(actress)=You (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuhisa_Namase=Katsuhisa Namase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Campan=Bernard Campan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Okuda=Eiji Okuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Wang_(actor)=Sam Wang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boulanger=Pierre Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_MacDonald=Lee MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyomitsu_Mizuuchi=Kiyomitsu Mizuuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninia_Benjamin=Ninia Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Goto_(voice_actress)=Mai Goto (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_New=Barbara New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Hudson=Melanie Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Lebor=Stanley Lebor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvin_Ng=Elvin Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Ge=Hu Ge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikage_Awashima=Chikage Awashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_Lau=Winnie Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Darling=Maria Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Snape=William Snape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naho_Toda=Naho Toda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Cao=Terence Cao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kinoshita=Sayaka Kinoshita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Yamagata=Kaori Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiron_Self=Keiron Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Peters=Sylvia Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Sato_(actor)=Yuki Sato (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumi_Ochiai=Rumi Ochiai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshizawa_Ayame=Yoshizawa Ayame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Wong_(film_presenter)=Raymond Wong (film presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Mo=Teresa Mo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Chan=Sheila Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Walter=Mick Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lally_Bowers=Lally Bowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Cheng_Xi=Kang Cheng Xi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Berrington=Elizabeth Berrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftab_Sachak=Aftab Sachak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Beard_(British_actor)=Matthew Beard (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Michelle=Ann Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Stephens=Ann Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Mari_Adamsson=Ann-Mari Adamsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Sun=Alien Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuki_Okamoto=Natsuki Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Graham_Cox=Michael Graham Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Saburi=Shin Saburi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Baldwin=Judith Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjalmar_Selander=Hjalmar Selander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_Selander=Concordia Selander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Kobayashi=Emi Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Risch=Maurice Risch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Simmons_(voice_actor)=Pat Simmons (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kinski=Nikolai Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Boath=Freddie Boath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Dubus=Alexis Dubus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Chu=Jacky Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehlo_Huang=Ehlo Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Collins=Karl Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onoe_Shoroku_II=Onoe Shoroku II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Tunnicliffe=Jayne Tunnicliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_To=Alex To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Siu-fai=Cheung Siu-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Uchikawa=Ai Uchikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tern=Alan Tern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokuyoshi_Kawashima=Tokuyoshi Kawashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Fengyi=Zhang Fengyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moulder-Brown=John Moulder-Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Lopes=Danny Lopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Tang=Joyce Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayo_Matsuo=Kayo Matsuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuyuki_Kobushi=Nobuyuki Kobushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Hailes=Gary Hailes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Malet=Arthur Malet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Smith_(actor)=Sam Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuomi_Takahashi=Mitsuomi Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Fletcher=Diane Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ellison_(British_actor)=David Ellison (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runa_Akiyama=Runa Akiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Buck=David Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Yin=Terence Yin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Hoffman=Erika Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Molander=Jan Molander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Burnham=Jeremy Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geff_Francis=Geff Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Chan=Power Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Konno=Hiromi Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoe_Ohmi=Tomoe Ohmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Olin=Stig Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_Gordon=Serena Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Spalding=Mark Spalding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Simmons=Cat Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Richard=Eric Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Etel=Alex Etel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chise_Nakamura=Chise Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Deai=Masayuki Deai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Shanks=Rosalind Shanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayasu_Usui=Takayasu Usui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Davies=Race Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Ko=Matthew Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Kok=Ann Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebba_Hultkvist=Ebba Hultkvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Lau=Wilfred Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Feifei=Sun Feifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Crellin=David Crellin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Wu=Allan Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliana_Donald=Juliana Donald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Gwaspari=Brian Gwaspari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuki_Koga=Mitsuki Koga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiji_Kobayashi=Akiji Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanari_Nihei=Masanari Nihei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Fitzgerald=Walter Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shermon_Tang=Shermon Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsiao_Ho_(actor)=Hsiao Ho (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Curram=Roland Curram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Lane=Sunny Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Oshida=Reiko Oshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Chun=Wu Chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayson_Tan=Rayson Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoko_Kobayashi=Ryoko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunji_Fujimura=Shunji Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Yan=Aaron Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Song=Sarah Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Seah=Jade Seah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Tullis_Jr.=Dan Tullis Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Hsu=Beatrice Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Frankeur=Paul Frankeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torsten_Lilliecrona=Torsten Lilliecrona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumina_Hara=Fumina Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayori_Ishizuka=Sayori Ishizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Ulving=Jenny Ulving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie_Gosney=Barrie Gosney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiro_Wang=Jiro Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Kaliz=Armand Kaliz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ljung=Martin Ljung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Chen=Calvin Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_McDermott=Phil McDermott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Trenfield=Chris Trenfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cole_(actor)=Richard Cole (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Mackintosh=Andrew Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Bould=Sophie Bould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Tong=Natalie Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hart=Benjamin Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yam_Kim-fai=Yam Kim-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bak_Sheut-sin=Bak Sheut-sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Mizusawa=Jun Mizusawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Gunstock=Ashley Gunstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Williams_(actress)=Natasha Williams (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Crompton=Matthew Crompton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Harrison=Louise Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cook_(actor)=Simon Cook (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_O'Brien_(actress)=Eileen O'Brien (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Zi=Wei Zi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Betancourt=Mick Betancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Tendeter=Stacey Tendeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Merivale=Philip Merivale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yaodong=Zhang Yaodong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Betts=Nigel Betts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Busby=Tom Busby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Meng=Joey Meng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akio_Nojima=Akio Nojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideki_Tasaka=Hideki Tasaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Ashforde=Matthew Ashforde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hina_Kamimura=Hina Kamimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Matsunaga=Yuki Matsunaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Kimura_(voice_actress)=Ayaka Kimura (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Kusayanagi=Junko Kusayanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsugumi_Higasayama=Tsugumi Higasayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Yo=Evan Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Mak=Alan Mak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nami_Kurokawa=Nami Kurokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Lee=Becky Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Lima=Frances Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Hoyle=Geoff Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tiphaine=Bernard Tiphaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamaki_Nakanishi=Tamaki Nakanishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_De_Pazzis=Camille De Pazzis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junji_Takada=Junji Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Shigemori=Ayumi Shigemori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Lee-Johnson=Caroline Lee-Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgitta_Valberg=Birgitta Valberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Beaumont=Daisy Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Bromley=Sydney Bromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Yuanyuan=Gao Yuanyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Yamaguchi=Ken Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Meitian=He Meitian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canti_Lau=Canti Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Howard=Barry Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Hisamoto=Masami Hisamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Shida=Mirai Shida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Cheung_(actress)=Teresa Cheung (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Suzuki=Mayumi Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddy_Jallow=Haddy Jallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajay_Chabra=Ajay Chabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Au=Cindy Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngo_Ka-nin=Ngo Ka-nin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Brady=Justin Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Nanty=Isabelle Nanty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Aoyagi=Takashi Aoyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Drake=Felix Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hanson=Ben Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharla_Cheung=Sharla Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasumi_Suzuki=Kasumi Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Cuny=Alain Cuny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Little=Helena Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Burge=Stuart Burge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Adare=Elizabeth Adare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gerhard=Karl Gerhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timi_Zhuo=Timi Zhuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_(actress)=Beverly Hills (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Uchiyama=Masato Uchiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Griffeth=Simone Griffeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Evans=Jennifer Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Cremin=Patrick Cremin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Mackenzie=Alex Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Huang=Victor Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Ashborn=Clive Ashborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Juan=Ethan Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Innes=George Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumie_Baba=Sumie Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoshi_Goto=Satoshi Goto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erina_Yamazaki=Erina Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryosei_Konishi=Ryosei Konishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kousei_Yagi=Kousei Yagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asuka_Tanii=Asuka Tanii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuo_Iwata=Yasuo Iwata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Kanda=Rie Kanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fushigi_Yamada=Fushigi Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumi_Mamiya=Kurumi Mamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Cook=Sophie Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Parnaby=Bert Parnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Weatherley=David Weatherley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuya_Tatekabe=Kazuya Tatekabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan_Tanaka=Kan Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Hayes=Caroline Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anri_Shiono=Anri Shiono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chequer=Paul Chequer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Giannecchini=Lucia Giannecchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Barjac=Sophie Barjac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Scott_(actor)=Jonathan Scott (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Karlsson=Jonas Karlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thwaites=David Thwaites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuko_Yanaga=Kazuko Yanaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Yokozawa=Keiko Yokozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Hamnett=Belinda Hamnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisuke_Ryu=Daisuke Ryu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Hanagata=Keiko Hanagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisato_Nakajima=Chisato Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Squillino,_Jr.=Enzo Squillino, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyuri_Sarossy=Gyuri Sarossy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Adachi=Shinobu Adachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinya_Aikawa=Kinya Aikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Maruo=Tomoko Maruo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaaki_Tsukada=Masaaki Tsukada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Asai=Yoshiko Asai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Fukuhara=Kaori Fukuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erina_Nakayama=Erina Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomi_Sasaki_(voice_actress)=Nozomi Sasaki (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konomi_Maeda=Konomi Maeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_May_Foote=Georgia May Foote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Smith=Mia Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Brown_(actor)=Josh Brown (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Buckley=Matthew Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Herbert=Michelle Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_George_(actor)=Kelly George (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Redfern=Michael Redfern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Phillips=Gareth Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Victoria_Roberts=Rachel Victoria Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Hyams=Simone Hyams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Mahon=Tina Mahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalaal_Hartley=Jalaal Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_McLean=Fiona McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Masuo=Jun Masuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Alexander=Sacha Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridolf_Rhudin=Fridolf Rhudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_van_der_Plank=Wendy van der Plank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Turner=Bridget Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Caldicot=Richard Caldicot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danson_Tang=Danson Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurore_Auteuil=Aurore Auteuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Boatswain=Jacqueline Boatswain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Baker-Duly=Edward Baker-Duly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhiko_Imai=Yasuhiko Imai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Kamei=Saburo Kamei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Marshall_(actor)=Tony Marshall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ng=Richard Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ya_Chang=Ya Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Madden=Stella Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Whyte_(actor)=Ian Whyte (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Yong=You Yong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Ma=Kenneth Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ma_(actor)=Joe Ma (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Miu=Michael Miu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Guang=Bai Guang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Hong=Bai Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gong_Qiuxia=Gong Qiuxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Paul_Cassidy=Ian Paul Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Suzuki=Keiko Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Yingyin=Wu Yingyin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Noble=Helen Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulla_Jacobsson=Ulla Jacobsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Mizuno=Yukari Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Pigg=Alexandra Pigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Huo=Wallace Huo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Howman=Chloe Howman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Turnbull_(actor)=Lee Turnbull (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Rayner=Adam Rayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Chan=Monica Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sei_Ashina=Sei Ashina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Ladanowski=Nicky Ladanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Wu_(actress)=Annie Wu (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Quarterman=Simon Quarterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Malmsten=Birger Malmsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kym_Ng=Kym Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Leung=Bryan Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Chow=Kathy Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berg_Ng=Berg Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Lam=Gordon Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Purvis_(actor)=Jack Purvis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Ridell=Mi Ridell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Bennett_(actress)=Elizabeth Bennett (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare-Hope_Ashitey=Clare-Hope Ashitey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Xiaoxu=Chen Xiaoxu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Kurup=Debbie Kurup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Mason=Eric Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Watanabe=Hiroyuki Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Barber-Lane=Nicole Barber-Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hancock=Stephen Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Borthwick=Jamie Borthwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikari_Tachibana=Hikari Tachibana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Hall_(actor)=Andrew Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Foster=Dudley Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leena_Dhingra=Leena Dhingra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Brockway=Robin Brockway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thia=Henry Thia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Dibley=Janet Dibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Savage_(actor)=Martin Savage (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Boot=Oliver Boot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pip_Torrens=Pip Torrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Penrose_(actor)=John Penrose (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Chung=Sherman Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hillier_(actor)=James Hillier (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Jacobs_(actor)=Joe Jacobs (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilde_Seigner=Mathilde Seigner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Phillips=Courtney Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Kwan=Susanna Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_Carmichael=Hayley Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Frey=Sami Frey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazutoshi_Hatano=Kazutoshi Hatano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Nielson=Claire Nielson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Kanze=Hideo Kanze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_North=Roy North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunsuke_Sakuya=Shunsuke Sakuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Gould=Victoria Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Wakabayashi=Naomi Wakabayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Yu_(actor)=Ha Yu (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tang=Alan Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruse_Taro=Maruse Taro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Katagiri=Jin Katagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_Nutley=Zara Nutley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Namioka=Kazuki Namioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Oliver=Sally Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Neo=Jack Neo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Burns=Helen Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Yamaguchi=Nana Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marta_Romero=Marta Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuya_Kirimoto=Takuya Kirimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Iwasaki=Masami Iwasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Alborough=Roger Alborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigenori_Yamazaki=Shigenori Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rina_Akiyama=Rina Akiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hou_Yaowen=Hou Yaowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Kurihara=Hitomi Kurihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Godwin=Christopher Godwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Hodiak=Keith Hodiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Bramwell=Christopher Bramwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Henders=Richard Henders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Tang=Tiffany Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentaro_Shimizu=Kentaro Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Metcalfe=Jordan Metcalfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Haoming=Yu Haoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroya_Matsumoto=Hiroya Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Law_(film_director)=Dennis Law (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Ando=Eiko Ando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agneta_Eckemyr=Agneta Eckemyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Mok=Max Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Conroy_(actor)=Frank Conroy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Hardie=Kate Hardie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Kingdon=Francesca Kingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swire=Tom Swire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Brock=Jeremy Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Junior=Joe Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Persson=Edvard Persson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimasa_Kondo=Yoshimasa Kondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Shaw=Stan Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Kanska=Joanna Kanska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Vee=Jimmy Vee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Li-Lin=Wong Li-Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Hongsheng=Jia Hongsheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakana_Matsumoto=Wakana Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidetoshi_Nishijima_(actor)=Hidetoshi Nishijima (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Kimura=Ryo Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Lune=Ted Lune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Reynolds=Nicola Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Beazley=Sam Beazley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Itoh=Kazue Itoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Fukui=Mina Fukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manpei_Takagi=Manpei Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Hirata=Yuka Hirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dillane=Richard Dillane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Audreson=Michael Audreson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Russ=Debbie Russ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Davies=Vincent Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Agar=Amber Agar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Birch=Frank Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciaran_Joyce=Ciaran Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Maude=Joan Maude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Bayntun=Amelia Bayntun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chiu=Roy Chiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbro_Kollberg=Barbro Kollberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naemi_Briese=Naemi Briese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Nelson=Mimi Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sif_Ruud=Sif Ruud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yngve_Nordwall=Yngve Nordwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Svedlund=Doris Svedlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Kjellin=Alf Kjellin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Funkquist=Georg Funkquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Olsson_(actor)=Gunnar Olsson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisuke_Nakamura=Daisuke Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Andersson=Gerd Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarl_Kulle=Jarl Kulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Mitsuhashi=Kanako Mitsuhashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Hosono=Yumiko Hosono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Beppu=Ayumi Beppu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Ek=Anders Ek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun_Brost=Gudrun Brost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Strandmark=Erik Strandmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Palme=Ulf Palme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Lindberg=Sven Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_Gill=Inga Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertil_Anderberg=Bertil Anderberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Bergman=Lena Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgitta_Pettersson=Birgitta Pettersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Malm=Mona Malm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Hell=Erik Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Adolphson=Kristina Adolphson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Aminoff=Marianne Aminoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Fan=Christine Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annalisa_Ericson=Annalisa Ericson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Wai-hung=Liu Wai-hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sture_Ericson=Sture Ericson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven-Eric_Gamble=Sven-Eric Gamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Horikawa=Jin Horikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hanzon=Thomas Hanzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Saunderson=Mary Saunderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namewee=Namewee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnel_Fred=Gunnel Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Matsuda=Kenji Matsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Baoqiang=Wang Baoqiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_McKee=Iain McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomura_Mansai=Nomura Mansai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Washio=Machiko Washio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Sinclair_(actor)=Hugh Sinclair (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avis_Bunnage=Avis Bunnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halina_Tam=Halina Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuniko_Asagi=Kuniko Asagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ix_Shen=Ix Shen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Nishikawa=Ayako Nishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayoko_Yamaguchi=Sayoko Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Sauk=Stefan Sauk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Sadaoka=Sayuri Sadaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Hashino=Emi Hashino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshifumi_Tajima=Yoshifumi Tajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lai_Lok-yi=Lai Lok-yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Shaw=Susan Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoyuki_Dan=Tomoyuki Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimitsu_Shimoyama=Yoshimitsu Shimoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvid_E._Gillstrom=Arvid E. Gillstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_He=Wong He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Maezuka=Monster Maezuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_Kikawada=Masaya Kikawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Urquhart_(actor)=Robert Urquhart (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Chambers_(actress)=Elizabeth Chambers (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Pan=Angela Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akoya_Sogi=Akoya Sogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Gouw=Ian Gouw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Powell_(actor)=Gary Powell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_O'Keefe=Victoria O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Howarth=Laurence Howarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risa_Hayamizu=Risa Hayamizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tae_Okajima=Tae Okajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misa_Watanabe=Misa Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Warriss=Ben Warriss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yui_Itsuki=Yui Itsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_MacNeill=Meredith MacNeill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_On=Andy On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Ozaki_(actress)=Nana Ozaki (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Wing-cheung=Law Wing-cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikue_Sakakibara=Ikue Sakakibara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Yuen=Benjamin Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Monro=Gregory Monro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Wakeling=Mark Wakeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tien_(actor)=James Tien (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jana_Carpenter=Jana Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Matsuzaki=Yuki Matsuzaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanna_Lavelle=Rosanna Lavelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Tao=Zhao Tao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Paget=Alfred Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Kokubun=Yukari Kokubun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidekazu_Ichinose=Hidekazu Ichinose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Holt=Judy Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwei_Lun-Mei=Gwei Lun-Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Inoue=Miki Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Chan=Frankie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Wenlong=Yao Wenlong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Bowes=Bob Bowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Joyce=Julia Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Naraoka=Tomoko Naraoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_DelHoyo=George DelHoyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Wong=Manfred Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gilbey=James Gilbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Harryson=Peter Harryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Pellegrino=Vincenzo Pellegrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_O'Dea=Danny O'Dea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Marchand=Guy Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tse=Michael Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himesh_Patel=Himesh Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_Leslie=Lila Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukio_Hashi=Yukio Hashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Funaki=Kazuo Funaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Mori_(actor)=Masayuki Mori (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Summers=Angela Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Walters=Melanie Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysie_Monte=Mysie Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Sweeney=Shelley Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyson_Spiro=Alyson Spiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Yoshii=Rei Yoshii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Kawai=Chiharu Kawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyoko_Asada=Miyoko Asada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_Ishigaki=Yuma Ishigaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cowan=Brian Cowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chang=Joseph Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akari_Hibino=Akari Hibino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Luterkort=Ingrid Luterkort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Marsh_(actor)=Matthew Marsh (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt_Morgan=Britt Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilde_Oscar=Wilde Oscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Sugimoto=Miki Sugimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Clifford=Kim Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Chevallier_(actor)=Philippe Chevallier (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacklyn_Wu=Jacklyn Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Tremain=Joseph Tremain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Flowers=April Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Murphy_(English_actor)=Jordan Murphy (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amguulan=Amguulan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Oka=Satomi Oka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kuwa=George Kuwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Lau=Damian Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lacey=Margaret Lacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Chuo=Genie Chuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidetaka_Yoshioka=Hidetaka Yoshioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Wu=Jiang Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pu_Cunxin=Pu Cunxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Diak=Rodney Diak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ane_Dahl_Torp=Ane Dahl Torp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Perrins=Leslie Perrins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Shimamura=Kaoru Shimamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Lupino=Wallace Lupino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Kaku=Tomohiro Kaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annu_Mari=Annu Mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Siu-kei=Lee Siu-kei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Chaplin=Ellen Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cheung=Nick Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chor_Yuen=Chor Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleuette_Bernon=Bleuette Bernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Au=Alice Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Tzeng=Alice Tzeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Okada=Junko Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Findlay=Deborah Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Petrie=Alistair Petrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Kang-sheng=Lee Kang-sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Azumi_(voice_actor)=Jun Azumi (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaho_(actress)=Kaho (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Smith_(actor)=Benjamin Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_B._Francis=Alec B. Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymari_Nadal=Lymari Nadal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumie_Kusachi=Fumie Kusachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Yeow=Eileen Yeow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Davies_(actress)=Diana Davies (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Chan_(singer)=Jason Chan (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Fletcher_(actress)=Alex Fletcher (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsie_He-hsian=Hsie He-hsian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Godai=Michiko Godai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroaki_Murakami=Hiroaki Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Yunshang=Chen Yunshang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_Collins=Forbes Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Christenson=Irma Christenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Jie=Dong Jie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Tomassian=Alexis Tomassian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Sun=Betty Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulice_Liecier=Dulice Liecier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Lim=Yvonne Lim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Mockford=Jeanne Mockford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Fahy=Kate Fahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Nan=Yu Nan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuto_Nakano=Yuto Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Wenyong=Huang Wenyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Leung=Toby Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie_Lunghi=Nathalie Lunghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Tamagawa=Isao Tamagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Minami_(actor)=Hiroshi Minami (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Mananta=Daniel Mananta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riki_Miura=Riki Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bentley_(actor)=John Bentley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Sheridan=Gail Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoko_Yamano_(voice_actress)=Satoko Yamano (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Ito_(actor)=Yuki Ito (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Hsu=Dee Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Sarrazac=Jean-Pierre Sarrazac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Nakamura=Mami Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waise_Lee=Waise Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Lau=Jeffrey Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Sunters=Irene Sunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misaki_Sekiyama=Misaki Sekiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Wong=Bryan Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Payne=Sandra Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Wong_(actor)=Raymond Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingone_Wang=Kingone Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliane_Nemri=Liliane Nemri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chems_Dahmani=Chems Dahmani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karina_Nose=Karina Nose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabelle_Dowler=Annabelle Dowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Miller_(actor)=William Miller (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Sallmander=Reuben Sallmander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Linsley=Jonathan Linsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Pickett=Justin Pickett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Tin-lam=Wong Tin-lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Jacomy=Emmanuel Jacomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Bond=Lilian Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shijaku_Katsura_II=Shijaku Katsura II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Guoli=Zhang Guoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Lempereur-Palmer=Lewis Lempereur-Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jingchu=Zhang Jingchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Griffiths=Roger Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Usui=Masahiro Usui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Liping=Chen Liping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Brown_(actress)=Susan Brown (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Wong_Ka-lok=Stephen Wong Ka-lok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Langham=Michael Langham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Radcliffe=Naomi Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Pyne=Frederick Pyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Nah=Jimmy Nah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuo_Nakamura=Nobuo Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Fox_(actor)=Philip Fox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Poyser=Brian Poyser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Klein=Spencer Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Packer=Mike Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearce_Quigley=Pearce Quigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ku_Feng=Ku Feng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Mather=Aubrey Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kensei=Ken Kensei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Saifei=He Saifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanae_Miyuki=Sanae Miyuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyukichi_Maki=Fuyukichi Maki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mat_Ruttle=Mat Ruttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Birch=Leila Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanna_Carter=Rosanna Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Milne=Dan Milne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgina_Redhead=Georgina Redhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Rose=Phil Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Leslie=Arthur Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dario_Coates=Dario Coates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Travers=Victor Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakho_Chau=Pakho Chau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Sakai=Miki Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Yiu=Elaine Yiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Shucheng=Chen Shucheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadaoto_Kainosho=Tadaoto Kainosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marsan=Jean Marsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Mealey=Phil Mealey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Vanna=Nina Vanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Leung=Jade Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Nagato=Hiroyuki Nagato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Lombard=Yvonne Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Geoghegan=Sally Geoghegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Percy=Eileen Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Coleman=Noel Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryu_Manatsu=Ryu Manatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Yi-ching=Lu Yi-ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yan_(actress)=Wang Yan (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Kuo=Amber Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolene_Chin=Jolene Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pip_Carter=Pip Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Lemoine=Adolphe Lemoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimee-Ffion_Edwards=Aimee-Ffion Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Niven,_Jr.=David Niven, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Denyer=Peter Denyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siqin_Gaowa=Siqin Gaowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chesterton=Paul Chesterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Chow=Matt Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marlowe=William Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelagh_Fraser=Shelagh Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pang_Ho-cheung=Pang Ho-cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dystin_Johnson=Dystin Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirohiko_Kakegawa=Hirohiko Kakegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Heung=Jacky Heung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jam_Hsiao=Jam Hsiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chung_King-fai=Chung King-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Amyes=Isabelle Amyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohji_Moritsugu=Kohji Moritsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Nakagoshi=Noriko Nakagoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsui_Siu-Ming=Tsui Siu-Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sia_Berkeley=Sia Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_A._Bennett=Joseph A. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hirsch_(actor)=Robert Hirsch (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yuqing=Wang Yuqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Geping=Zheng Geping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Bleach=Julian Bleach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Ekborg=Lars Ekborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Oliver=Ingrid Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissela_Kyle=Sissela Kyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassei_Takano=Hassei Takano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_McGuire=Lloyd McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Lai=Wayne Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianca_Bai=Bianca Bai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Cropper=Anna Cropper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Murphy_(actor)=Anthony Murphy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Sachs=Hugh Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bazely=Paul Bazely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_MacKay_(actor)=Barry MacKay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Honglei=Sun Honglei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohei_Murakami=Kohei Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_King=Jacqueline King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Hsu=Jason Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toku_Nishio=Toku Nishio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Valette=Fanny Valette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Funakoshi=Eiji Funakoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azusa_Kataoka=Azusa Kataoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortesa_Hoti=Fortesa Hoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Said_(actor)=Mohamed Said (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Kwok=Florence Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Katase=Nana Katase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Simon=Hugh Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaji_Maro=Akaji Maro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun_Sugata=Shun Sugata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Ashby=Carole Ashby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renji_Ishibashi=Renji Ishibashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abi_Eniola=Abi Eniola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhisa_Furuhara=Yasuhisa Furuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Ebisawa=Kenji Ebisawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Riach=Ralph Riach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Titus-Adams=Troy Titus-Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Horwell=Robert Horwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Le_Prevost=Nicholas Le Prevost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Madden_(actor)=Peter Madden (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steffan_Rhodri=Steffan Rhodri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Crawford=Anne Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henty=Thomas Henty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Davidson_(scriptwriter)=Ian Davidson (scriptwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pace_Wu=Pace Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Burden=Hugh Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shingo_Tsurumi=Shingo Tsurumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeffie_Tilbury=Zeffie Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ramm=John Ramm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsushi_Tanaka=Tetsushi Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Fahy=Amanda Fahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Okada=Masaki Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airi_Taira=Airi Taira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintaro_Yamada=Shintaro Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Onoue=Hiroyuki Onoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Bloom=Suzy Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shum=John Shum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulla_Akselson=Ulla Akselson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ready=Paul Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucinda_Childs=Lucinda Childs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Curtis=Mickey Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sei_Hiraizumi=Sei Hiraizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuta_Kanai=Yuta Kanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanobu_Takashima=Masanobu Takashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Sato_(actress)=Megumi Sato (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osamu_Takizawa=Osamu Takizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Seilitz=Mona Seilitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Spong=Hilda Spong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Henley=Alice Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_de_Bray=Yvonne de Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryuzou_Ishino=Ryuzou Ishino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Holliday-Evans=Rupert Holliday-Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pai_Ping-ping=Pai Ping-ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bellemare=Pierre Bellemare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoaki_Maeno=Tomoaki Maeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanji_Suzumori=Kanji Suzumori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscelia_Chan=Priscelia Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lung_Fong=Lung Fong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farid_Chopel=Farid Chopel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Rowland_(actress)=Helen Rowland (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Ho=Nat Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Billington=Stephen Billington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arletta_Duncan=Arletta Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Huifang=Hong Huifang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Duvauchelle=Nicolas Duvauchelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Venables=Paul Venables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Shirakawa=Yumi Shirakawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Gill=Florence Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Wong=Barry Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Hee=Julian Hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Wenhai_(actor)=Li Wenhai (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayoko_Hagiwara=Sayoko Hagiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Cho-lam=Wong Cho-lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyunichi_Haruta=Jyunichi Haruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwell_Fletcher=Bramwell Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Boyd=Margot Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affif_Ben_Badra=Affif Ben Badra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Noble_(actor)=Larry Noble (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Tianwen=Chen Tianwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Yiliang=Huang Yiliang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Shing-cheong=Li Shing-cheong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Chin=Marcus Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Perrin_(actor)=Francis Perrin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael-Joel_David_Stuart=Michael-Joel David Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gandhi=James Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shouma_Yamamoto=Shouma Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Myers_(actor)=Gary Myers (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choi_Kwok-wai=Choi Kwok-wai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria-Elena_Laas=Maria-Elena Laas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Ng=Lina Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Wong_(actor)=Brandon Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wu=Jack Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Wong_(actor)=Stefan Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Kok=Vincent Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Hsu=Tiffany Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jizhong=Zhang Jizhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Kot=Eric Kot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuaki_Sekine=Nobuaki Sekine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamaki_Matsumoto=Tamaki Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Campbell=Dallas Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Taguchi_(actor)=Takashi Taguchi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cheng=John Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsai_Yi-chen=Tsai Yi-chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McCulloch_(writer_and_actor)=Andrew McCulloch (writer and actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Mayette=Muriel Mayette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chan=Daniel Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Desailly=Jean Desailly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jutoupi=Jutoupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Lam=Dominic Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raghu_Babu=Raghu Babu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Shen=Chan Shen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richenda_Carey=Richenda Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Sunderland_(actor)=Scott Sunderland (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki_Kagami=Saki Kagami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Suzuki_(voice_actress)=Hiroko Suzuki (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liana_Bridges=Liana Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Chang=Grace Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arihiro_Fujimura=Arihiro Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachiko_Kokubu=Sachiko Kokubu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Iriyama=Noriko Iriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshinori_Okada=Yoshinori Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Tachi=Hiroshi Tachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Mi_(singer)=Zhou Mi (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maki_Sakai=Maki Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Caine=Stanley Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Hoshaku=Yuka Hoshaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_Popplewell=Lulu Popplewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_King=Georgia King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Denville=Alfred Denville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Warren=Marcia Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathryn_Bradshaw=Cathryn Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehdi_Belhaj_Kacem=Mehdi Belhaj Kacem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_Tan=Selena Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Dyall=Franklin Dyall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Ito=Yuko Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Gang_(actor)=Wang Gang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_Han_(actor,_born_1969)=Chin Han (actor, born 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Yanagisawa=Nana Yanagisawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giani_Esposito=Giani Esposito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Chater=Geoffrey Chater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ming_Dao=Ming Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Ng=Christine Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stott=Harry Stott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuki_Ueda=Miyuki Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Kawaguchi=Hiroshi Kawaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sire_Ma=Sire Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Russell_(actress)=Lucy Russell (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Duchesne=Roger Duchesne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Corey=Isabelle Corey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumiko_Sakamoto=Sumiko Sakamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Gurnett=Jane Gurnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gwillim=David Gwillim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Gregory=Leo Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacia_Napierkowska=Stacia Napierkowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Sakurai=Hiroko Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah-Jane_Gwillim=Sarah-Jane Gwillim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Tsuburaya=Hiroshi Tsuburaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsumi_Tezuka=Katsumi Tezuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenpachiro_Satsuma=Kenpachiro Satsuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Freshwater=Geoffrey Freshwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Larkin_(actor)=James Larkin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Turner_(actor)=Martin Turner (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Kitagawa=Tsutomu Kitagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kent=Kenneth Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Day=Rosie Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazunori_Yokoo=Kazunori Yokoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Watanabe=Minoru Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiichi_Kikuchi=Eiichi Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yammie_Lam=Yammie Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Gazey=Craig Gazey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Chu=Candy Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethan_Ellis_Owen=Bethan Ellis Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Shrapnel=Lex Shrapnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Hirano_(voice_actor)=Masato Hirano (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Wen_Zheng=Liu Wen Zheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Selten=Morton Selten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alysson_Paradis=Alysson Paradis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juri_Manase=Juri Manase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Yang=Loretta Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Hara=Aya Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Hines=Ronald Hines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Nishigaki=Yuka Nishigaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Barker_(British_actress)=Katharine Barker (British actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Guyot=Claire Guyot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masataka_Azuma=Masataka Azuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiyuki_Kono=Yoshiyuki Kono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sorensen=Paul Sorensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Anderzon=Kim Anderzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Tsuruno=Takeshi Tsuruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Tsunakake=Hiromi Tsunakake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuma_Hodoshima=Shizuma Hodoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Ueno=Ryo Ueno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Arundale=Sybil Arundale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hu=George Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Mollison=Fiona Mollison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Au=Stephen Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Jakeways=Katherine Jakeways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Chan_Bo-Lin=Pauline Chan Bo-Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chung=Paul Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soh_Hang-suen=Soh Hang-suen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Edwynn=Colin Edwynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Heywood=Jean Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Koizumi=Hiroshi Koizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Voce=John Voce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Westhead=David Westhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Tat-ming=Cheung Tat-ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ho=Peter Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Lothaire=Sophie Lothaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Rakic-Platt=Abby Rakic-Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Muslim=Sonny Muslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Vestris=Rose Vestris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angiolo_Vestris=Angiolo Vestris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Mok=Patricia Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Lockwood=Julia Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Clark_(actor)=Hugh Clark (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Wu=Nancy Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Rabaeus=Johan Rabaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allen_(actor)=William Allen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shatterell=Robert Shatterell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheng_Gwan-min=Cheng Gwan-min
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Nicolet=Jean-Baptiste Nicolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Gerrard=Gene Gerrard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Ollerenshaw=Maggie Ollerenshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cox_(actor)=Robert Cox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dawes=Robert Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Kobayashi=Ai Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Marchal=Olivier Marchal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Zhao=Vincent Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_O'Donnell_(actor)=Steven O'Donnell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Kai-man=Tin Kai-man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Boyle=Billy Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mamy=Jean Mamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Conran=Alexis Conran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthieu_Boujenah=Matthieu Boujenah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cheung=Joe Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cierra_Ramirez=Cierra Ramirez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige_Chua=Paige Chua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Chen=Shaun Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Rolfsen=Katie Rolfsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Ljung=Oscar Ljung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Tsunematsu=Ayumi Tsunematsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Tianyu=Ma Tianyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lloyd_Meredith=David Lloyd Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Wu=Bowie Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Hallberg=Nils Hallberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Arne_Holmsten=Karl-Arne Holmsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sture_Lagerwall=Sture Lagerwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuen_Cheung-yan=Yuen Cheung-yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Mathou=Jacques Mathou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Buckley_(actor)=Keith Buckley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Pickering=Marc Pickering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Lok=Felix Lok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Kar-wing=Lau Kar-wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlene_Tse=Charlene Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everley_Gregg=Everley Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Thomas=Adam Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Ghatak=Raj Ghatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Goldhar=Marvin Goldhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Coy=Jonathan Coy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Schollin=Christina Schollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Dunham=Joanna Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Marken=Jane Marken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Zude=Song Zude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Chen=Edmund Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Naylor_(actor)=Christopher Naylor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Sparv=Camilla Sparv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Shahidi=Roxy Shahidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_McLeod_(actor)=Gordon McLeod (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Houren=Zhu Houren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Lam=Gilbert Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiki_Sheung=Kiki Sheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Bunston=Herbert Bunston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Chan=Bryan Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong_Ai_Leng=Ong Ai Leng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Sha=Jin Sha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Brassington=Christian Brassington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanne_Wong=Rosanne Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Egan=Rebecca Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_Quensel=Isa Quensel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Lundqvist=Maria Lundqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gayathri_Mudigonda=Gayathri Mudigonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Ferguson_(actress)=Rebecca Ferguson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_McKenzie=Janice McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Tim_Hudson=Lord Tim Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Clarke=Angela Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prudence_Liew=Prudence Liew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_McLoughlin=Stuart McLoughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Aldridge_(actor)=Ben Aldridge (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Grillo=John Grillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Kuk=Jo Kuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Heung-kam=Lee Heung-kam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Green_(actor)=Danny Green (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Leung=Noel Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wan_Yeung-ming=Wan Yeung-ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cooper_(actor)=Richard Cooper (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Longworth=Helen Longworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Mitchell=Iain Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Chevit=Maurice Chevit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harryson=John Harryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tilbury=Peter Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Konno_(voice_actor)=Jun Konno (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Howard_(actor)=Richard Howard (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Saire=Rebecca Saire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siu_Yam-yam=Siu Yam-yam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_So=William So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Sagar=Anthony Sagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_King-Wood=David King-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Yi_(actress)=Huang Yi (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokio_Seki=Tokio Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiran_Lee=Keiran Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Fielder=Harry Fielder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Aldous_(actor_and_broadcaster)=David Aldous (actor and broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.V._France=C.V. France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Taylor_(actress)=Valerie Taylor (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Keith-Johnston=Colin Keith-Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Lawford=Betty Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoki_Kawano=Naoki Kawano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Rush=Debbie Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvin_Adolphson=Edvin Adolphson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Yamazaki=Vanilla Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Kong=Lau Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Backlin=Ingrid Backlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Hagiwara=Masato Hagiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gui_Gui=Gui Gui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rin_Takanashi=Rin Takanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Henrikson=Anders Henrikson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fant=George Fant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christer_Flodin=Christer Flodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomio_Aoki=Tomio Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.E.M._(singer)=G.E.M. (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Christine_Adam=Marie-Christine Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Nice=Phil Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Melia=Joe Melia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampe_Faustman=Hampe Faustman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Jahr=Adolf Jahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritiof_Billquist=Fritiof Billquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chiao=Roy Chiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Xie=Fiona Xie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_MacPherson=Walt MacPherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Inoue=Masahiro Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Siufay=Terence Siufay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukio_Yamagata=Yukio Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Sadoyan=Isabelle Sadoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoichi_Numata=Yoichi Numata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Hasegawa=Kazuo Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Kogure=Michiyo Kogure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuko_Otowa=Nobuko Otowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanami_Sakuraba=Nanami Sakuraba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Ishibashi=Anna Ishibashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Okamoto=Rei Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takanori_Jinnai=Takanori Jinnai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Kuo=Christine Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Time_Fontayne=Fine Time Fontayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Holland=Samantha Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Bo=Huang Bo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aino_Taube=Aino Taube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Rydeberg=Georg Rydeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Wakao=Ayako Wakao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Yamagata=Isao Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folke_Sundquist=Folke Sundquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamao_Nakamura=Tamao Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Ou=Edward Ou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Winters=Alex Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_S.=Lisa S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiko_(actress)=Fujiko (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Mitsuda=Ken Mitsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Mang=Lo Mang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_(pornographic_actress)=Ruby (pornographic actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Tao_(actor)=Guo Tao (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelah_Clarke=Zelah Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Gallagher=Teresa Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby_Stenberg=Gaby Stenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Suzuka=Keiko Suzuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoyo_Chen=Yoyo Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecatte-Folleville=Lecatte-Folleville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_K._Barnes=Barry K. Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Ford=Julia Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elof_Ahrle=Elof Ahrle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suki_Chui=Suki Chui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmine_Richard=Firmine Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshi_Amao=Yoshi Amao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Lai=Vivian Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janina_Faye=Janina Faye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keve_Hjelm=Keve Hjelm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tariq_Knight=Tariq Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Gallagher=Bernard Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang_Pik-wan=Tang Pik-wan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Honma=Noriko Honma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bak_Man-biu=Bak Man-biu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Myrberg=Per Myrberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Kavli=Karin Kavli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan-Olof_Strandberg=Jan-Olof Strandberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_John_Langford=Darren John Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Hardcastle=Diana Hardcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Ngok=Elliot Ngok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Lees=Tamara Lees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroki_Suzuki_(1985)=Hiroki Suzuki (1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Grant_(actress,_born_1994)=Olivia Grant (actress, born 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Chen=Baron Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Cason=Barbara Cason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hare=Ernest Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Wickham=Keith Wickham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Yamashita_(actress)=Hiroko Yamashita (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Ma_Sze_Tsang=Sun Ma Sze Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vin_Choi=Vin Choi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Reiner=Tracy Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ting-Ting_Hu=Ting-Ting Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Rattray=Iain Rattray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Rohr=Tony Rohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Ni=Yan Ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Hung-lit=Chan Hung-lit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Levy=Katharine Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Streatfeild=Geoffrey Streatfeild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Bodimeade=Holly Bodimeade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Faulkner=Keith Faulkner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Toussaint-White=Nina Toussaint-White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Adelly=Georg Adelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Fan=Louis Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoko_Ishikawa=Momoko Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffan_Kihlbom=Staffan Kihlbom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Worth=Kathleen Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwan_Hoi-san=Kwan Hoi-san
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiktor_Andersson=Wiktor Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna-Lisa_Baude=Anna-Lisa Baude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Bohlin=Allan Bohlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Eklund_(actor)=Ernst Eklund (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Erik_Flens=Karl Erik Flens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svea_Holst=Svea Holst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Lindblad=Arne Lindblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagny_Lind=Dagny Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Melin=John Melin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagmar_Olsson=Dagmar Olsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signe_Wirff=Signe Wirff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludde_Gentzel=Ludde Gentzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Kesster=Magnus Kesster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lindahl=Anna Lindahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasse_Krantz=Lasse Krantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Hayami=Noriko Hayami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britta_Brunius=Britta Brunius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbro_Flodquist=Barbro Flodquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Geijer-Falkner=Mona Geijer-Falkner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Johanson=Stig Johanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Logardt=Bengt Logardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segol_Mann=Segol Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Skarstedt=Georg Skarstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berta_Hall=Berta Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Ahlin=Harry Ahlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Masreliez=Curt Masreliez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britta_Holmberg=Britta Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Hagerman=Helge Hagerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgit_Tengroth=Birgit Tengroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Nielsen_(actor)=Gunnar Nielsen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ekman=John Ekman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagmar_Ebbesen=Dagmar Ebbesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jullan_Kindahl=Jullan Kindahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gull_Natorp=Gull Natorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Hansson=Maud Hansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moa_Arimoto=Moa Arimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tor_Isedal=Tor Isedal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toivo_Pawlo=Toivo Pawlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lund=Richard Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Almroth=Greta Almroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Tschernichin-Larsson=Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Larsson=William Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lundberg=Alfred Lundberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stina_Berg=Stina Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Alw=Gabriel Alw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Henson=Gladys Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_Takatsuka=Masaya Takatsuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tora_Teje=Tora Teje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Hee-ching=Paw Hee-ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goro_Ibuki=Goro Ibuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Ting=Mei Ting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Goodwins=Fred Goodwins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ritter_(actor)=Paul Ritter (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Feng-jiao=Lin Feng-jiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Zi=Wang Zi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Jibiki=Go Jibiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsuko_Sakura=Mutsuko Sakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele_Wong=Adele Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MeiMei_Kuo=MeiMei Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_H._MacDonald=Thomas H. MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Chen=Candy Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Kwok_(actor)=Mark Kwok (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stirling=Richard Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahiro_Tamura=Takahiro Tamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Fuji=Tatsuya Fuji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuzo_Kawatani=Takuzo Kawatani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Caillot=Joseph Caillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuko_Mori=Mitsuko Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabel_Barnston=Anabel Barnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.B._Imeson=A.B. Imeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmy_Hung=Timmy Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Puech=Jean-Baptiste Puech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Luoyong=Wang Luoyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ryder_(actor)=John Ryder (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Matheson=Eve Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristy_Yang=Kristy Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choc7=Choc7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Hyttenberg=Maud Hyttenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Albiin=Elsie Albiin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Xun=Xiao Xun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hung_Yan-yan=Hung Yan-yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nightingale_(actor)=John Nightingale (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_JingLun=Wong JingLun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Duttine=Joe Duttine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-France_Mignal=Marie-France Mignal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Duniam=Polly Duniam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Duniam=Sophie Duniam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Lilley=Valerie Lilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Wei=Fan Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Sengoku=Noriko Sengoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosette_(actress)=Rosette (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Farr=Derek Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Kuo=Dylan Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Newall=Guy Newall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huo_Siyan=Huo Siyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kento_Nakajima=Kento Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Lung-wei=Wang Lung-wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rin_Asuka=Rin Asuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsuko_Nemoto=Ritsuko Nemoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Widerberg=Johan Widerberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Gordon=Maxine Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayford_Hobbs=Hayford Hobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Huang=Alien Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celest_Chong=Celest Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Khan=Cynthia Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tova_Magnusson=Tova Magnusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Mouret=Emmanuel Mouret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yuqi=Zhang Yuqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Sicheng=Chen Sicheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwako_Taichi=Kiwako Taichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryouta_Murai=Ryouta Murai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Lee=Johnson Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Liu=Tony Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshikatsu_Fujiki=Yoshikatsu Fujiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Matthews=Tim Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Siu=Edwin Siu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ryan_(actor)=James Ryan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shi_Hui_(actor)=Shi Hui (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tien_Feng=Tien Feng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_(actor)=Mars (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryuya_Wakaba=Ryuya Wakaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimito_Totani=Kimito Totani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellesmere_Choi=Ellesmere Choi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Hammarsten=Gustaf Hammarsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Lin=Carole Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eelyn_Kok=Eelyn Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Cheng=Mark Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janine_Chang=Janine Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Evans_(actor)=Herbert Evans (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Yuen=Louis Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Che=Stephanie Che
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Young=Dexter Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShellZ_Zhu=ShellZ Zhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pia_Degermark=Pia Degermark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Ames=Gerald Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Man=Xiao Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kao=Jack Kao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlo_Lewis=Marlo Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Lingyu=Li Lingyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kempinski=Tom Kempinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Chatto=Tom Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally-Jane_Spencer=Sally-Jane Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lene_Lai=Lene Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Wallace_(actor)=Elizabeth Wallace (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bouchitey=Patrick Bouchitey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavan_Clerkin=Cavan Clerkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Man=Janice Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Rowland=Roger Rowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xiaoran=Li Xiaoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Lomas_(actor)=Herbert Lomas (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Wareing=Lesley Wareing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Guoqiang=Zhang Guoqiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford_Gordon=Stafford Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora_Miao=Cora Miao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Ward=Ronald Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shingo_Yamashiro=Shingo Yamashiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Song=Victoria Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Kobayashi_(actor)=Kaoru Kobayashi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Nonyela=Valentine Nonyela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ng_Hui=Ng Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Ng=Carrie Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Ngan=Johnny Ngan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Gray=Natasha Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Royle=Amanda Royle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Bowen=Philip Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Cornelius=Deborah Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Dolan=Monica Dolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_Clifford=Pandora Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_McLaglen=Cyril McLaglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Lingling=Pan Lingling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Nollier=Claude Nollier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Chrystall=Belle Chrystall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Rome=Stewart Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Oldland=Lilian Oldland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McNair_(actor)=Andrew McNair (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goldner=Charles Goldner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Phipps=Nicholas Phipps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Wong_(musician)=Linda Wong (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Jeayes=Allan Jeayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Trevor=Jack Trevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Langtree=Andrew Langtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Fan=Van Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Deedigan=Kris Deedigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Mio=Derek Mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Anka=Anna Anka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamura_Nakazo_I=Nakamura Nakazo I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Xing=Su Xing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hao_Lei=Hao Lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pills=Jacques Pills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Takada=Miwa Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_East=Katherine East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liljay=Liljay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_Hargreaves=Johanna Hargreaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Larsson=Ulf Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totti_Truman_Taylor=Totti Truman Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owodog=Owodog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Yamazaki=Amy Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Cellier=Caroline Cellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Hazuki=Ai Hazuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Shum=Lydia Shum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Chik=Jaime Chik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristal_Tin=Kristal Tin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaoshenyang=Xiaoshenyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gill_Mohindepaul_Singh=Gill Mohindepaul Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Saram=Michelle Saram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elanne_Kong=Elanne Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Giraud=Roland Giraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Chou=Vic Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Daye=Gabrielle Daye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Irving=Michael Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruco_Chan=Ruco Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Seki=Megumi Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Kurokawa=Mei Kurokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuki_Tanimura=Mitsuki Tanimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Langlet=Amanda Langlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Tse=Susan Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Goodison=Lara Goodison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Wong=Vincent Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaku_Hamada=Gaku Hamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Womack_(British_actor)=Mark Womack (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Fildes=Audrey Fildes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Gunnarsson=Fredrik Gunnarsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginny_Holder=Ginny Holder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Suda=Masaki Suda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Yuen=Erica Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmei_Suzuki=Denmei Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_J_Williams=Hayley J Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adel_Bencherif=Adel Bencherif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsue_Miwa=Katsue Miwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nene_Otsuka=Nene Otsuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iori_Nomizu=Iori Nomizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Magness=Diana Magness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie-Marie_Parmentier=Julie-Marie Parmentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_de_Casalis=Jeanne de Casalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Holmes_(actor)=James Holmes (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Garat=Henri Garat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustafa_Chousein-Oglou=Moustafa Chousein-Oglou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Ragneborn=Arne Ragneborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Uehara=Ken Uehara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Cheung=Louis Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Giraud=Nicolas Giraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_Kato=Masaya Kato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Maki=Claude Maki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kubo=Akira Kubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hon=Mary Hon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elin_Klinga=Elin Klinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Crauchet=Paul Crauchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumeji_Tsukioka=Yumeji Tsukioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thammar_Nazir=Thammar Nazir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Haus=Samuel Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_Narikawa=Tetsuo Narikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes-Nicole_Winter=Agnes-Nicole Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Mak_Cheung-ching=Evergreen Mak Cheung-ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Lannby=Karin Lannby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_T._Hansson=Lena T. Hansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Laure_Dougnac=Marie-Laure Dougnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Ker=Edith Ker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolin_Stoltz=Carolin Stoltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsui_Wing=Tsui Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillie_Lyckow=Fillie Lyckow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Johansson=Lilian Johansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Bourguiba=Neil Bourguiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajime_Hana=Hajime Hana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Wada=Makoto Wada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsurutaro_Kataoka=Tsurutaro Kataoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Peiqi=Liu Peiqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Hirata=Mitsuru Hirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaku_Takashina=Kaku Takashina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kin_Sugai=Kin Sugai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Tielin=Zhang Tielin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Nagashima=Toshiyuki Nagashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eri_Ishida=Eri Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Meijiao=Lin Meijiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_James=Simone James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunmi_Mojekwu=Bunmi Mojekwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Goda=Masashi Goda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Tolstoy=Alexander Tolstoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Morberg=Per Morberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Forselius=Emil Forselius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Routledge=Jordan Routledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figge_Norling=Figge Norling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lindholm=Anna Lindholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jesson=Paul Jesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachiko_Hidari=Sachiko Hidari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jean_Reimer=Mary Jean Reimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Brunnberg=Ulf Brunnberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yngve_Gamlin=Yngve Gamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Marshall=Harper Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Sternberg=Rachel Sternberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Bailey=Rosalind Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Marie_Gyllenspetz=Ann-Marie Gyllenspetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Kihl=Mia Kihl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Granhagen=Lena Granhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Zhuoyan=He Zhuoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Brundin=Bo Brundin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuma_Terashima=Takuma Terashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guje_Lagerwall=Guje Lagerwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Bellis=Guy Bellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reen_Yu=Reen Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Jeans=Desmond Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_(singer)=Shin (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsubasa_Otomiya=Tsubasa Otomiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Sefton=Ernest Sefton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuto_Tochihara=Rakuto Tochihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lexy=Edward Lexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiori_Kanzaki=Shiori Kanzaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelababy=Angelababy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Daly_(actor)=Mark Daly (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_Belmore=Bertha Belmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Baoguo=Chen Baoguo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyo_Fujita=Hideyo Fujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Aked=Muriel Aked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Welling=Albert Welling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Chambers=Julia Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Wright_(actor)=Tony Wright (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lynch_(Welsh_actor)=Richard Lynch (Welsh actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Lina=Yang Lina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Bland=Joyce Bland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Heatherley=Clifford Heatherley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Grey=Anne Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hsing=Alfred Hsing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drusilla_Wills=Drusilla Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Gott=Barbara Gott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athole_Stewart=Athole Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koichi_Iwaki=Koichi Iwaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuko_Tomita=Yasuko Tomita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Nagashima=Eiko Nagashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lambert_(British_actor)=Jack Lambert (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Kelly=Judy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lister=Francis Lister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayoko_Shibata=Kayoko Shibata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chigusa_Takaku=Chigusa Takaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Leung=Tina Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masako_Sugaya=Masako Sugaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Melford=Jack Melford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Taylor-Ritson=Rosie Taylor-Ritson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Lili=Li Lili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikaru_Yamamoto=Hikaru Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garrick=John Garrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turnbull_(actor)=John Turnbull (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Heung=Ron Heung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osman_Hung=Osman Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Miyasako=Hiroyuki Miyasako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Hao=Qin Hao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Him_Law=Him Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Cheung=Cecilia Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Kichise=Michiko Kichise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Chao=Mark Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy_Chan=Macy Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Holles_(actor)=Anthony Holles (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Wong=Mandy Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Plunkett=Patricia Plunkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Yuchen=Zhu Yuchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minehiro_Kinomoto=Minehiro Kinomoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hou_Yong_(actor)=Hou Yong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tong_Dawei=Tong Dawei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Gunn=Judy Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Fathers=Daniel Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Babbington=Kylie Babbington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Stewart-Jarrett=Nathan Stewart-Jarrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Tsui=Elvis Tsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Chenghui=Yu Chenghui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Dietze=Julia Dietze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanna_Mori=Kanna Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Rongguang=Yu Rongguang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Bosco=Wallace Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Livesey=Sam Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Chun=Du Chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lloyd_Walker=Jonathan Lloyd Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsin_Heatley=Tamsin Heatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Glynne=Angela Glynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zig_Byfield=Zig Byfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_Sum=Jess Sum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ho_(actor)=Thomas Ho (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Axel_Eriksson=John Axel Eriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Carver_(actor)=Caroline Carver (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallas_Eaton=Wallas Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Chen_(actress)=Lu Chen (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Defferary=Jacqueline Defferary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunilla_Nyroos=Gunilla Nyroos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hall_(British_actress)=Jessica Hall (British actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Wei_(actress)=Wei Wei (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Shaofeng=Feng Shaofeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Pollock=Ellen Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Siu=David Siu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._B._Clarence=O. B. Clarence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Ho=Kenny Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Howick=Jim Howick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Brooks=Victor Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Eccles=Donald Eccles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarif_Rahman=Aarif Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Coleman=Wilson Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_Fang=Serena Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quan_Yi_Fong=Quan Yi Fong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Morgan_(actress)=Wendy Morgan (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamura_Utaemon_I=Nakamura Utaemon I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamura_Utaemon_II=Nakamura Utaemon II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Kinlay=Antonia Kinlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elarica_Gallacher=Elarica Gallacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Alpha=Jenny Alpha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Chen=Andrea Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komaki_Kurihara=Komaki Kurihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davina_Craig=Davina Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valda_Setterfield=Valda Setterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumie_Kashiyama=Fumie Kashiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lye=James Lye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Younger=Elizabeth Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zeyu=Chen Zeyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umewaka_Minoru_I=Umewaka Minoru I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Findlay=Brett Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meilin_Gray=Meilin Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikiho_Niwa=Mikiho Niwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Kwan=Terri Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heshima_Thompson=Heshima Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arinze_Kene=Arinze Kene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JuJu_Chan=JuJu Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Lo=May Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Chan_(actor)=Joel Chan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misty_Stone=Misty Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Emerton=Roy Emerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Green=Judd Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrissie_White=Chrissie White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Gordon=Hal Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Aherne=Pat Aherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Yuen=Kingdom Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Oliver_(actor)=Charles Oliver (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Humphreys=Cecil Humphreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Goddard=Alf Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Chapiteau=Marc Chapiteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Fang=One-Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marika_Hayashi=Marika Hayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Margetson=Arthur Margetson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luo_Jin=Luo Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Cheung=Russell Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Die=Hu Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaynor_Rowlands=Gaynor Rowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Shishi=Liu Shishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Travers=Alfred Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Mollison=Clifford Mollison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mollison=Henry Mollison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merle_Tottenham=Merle Tottenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola_Compton=Viola Compton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Lupino=Barry Lupino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_O=Henry O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Singleton_(actor)=Mark Singleton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janne_Carlsson=Janne Carlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Lo=Mimi Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogo_Suzuki_(actor)=Shogo Suzuki (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Takeda=Kumiko Takeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Tachihara=Mai Tachihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikiyo_Ono=Mikiyo Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chieko_Shiratori=Chieko Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saori_Ono=Saori Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misayo_Haruki=Misayo Haruki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Ashcroft=Margaret Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Buckler=Hugh Buckler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Raine=Jack Raine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Gray=Eve Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Lim=Rebecca Lim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siri_Svegler=Siri Svegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.E._Coleby=A.E. Coleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrell_Davis=Tyrell Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Gill=Basil Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hewitt=Henry Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Culley=Frederick Culley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kove=Kenneth Kove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hellberg=Thomas Hellberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Hampton=Louise Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_Haynes=Manning Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Brook=Lesley Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Godden=Jimmy Godden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Rayner=Minnie Rayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langhorn_Burton=Langhorn Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baskcomb=John Baskcomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Warrender=Harold Warrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Holm=Sonia Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Goss=Helen Goss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Germaine=Mary Germaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Zanjani=Nina Zanjani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Pritchard=Hilary Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Gail=Philippa Gail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denyse_Alexander=Denyse Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Haag=Benny Haag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Uchida=Sayuri Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Maeda=Kanako Maeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Ware_(actor)=Derek Ware (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Vivian=Sidney Vivian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Alba=Rose Alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Pryse=Hugh Pryse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hulme=Anthony Hulme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Livesey=Jack Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Couper=Barbara Couper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jerrold=Mary Jerrold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Ulveson=Johan Ulveson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Shimamura=Kaori Shimamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eri_Imai=Eri Imai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Ray=Philip Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Edgar-Bruce=Toni Edgar-Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Yen=Cindy Yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Zhang=Wen Zhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Martin_Harvey=Michael Martin Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Tong=Chris Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Konstam=Anna Konstam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Gensac=Claude Gensac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Peacock=Kim Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Beaumont=Susan Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorie_Terauchi=Yorie Terauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Spenser=Jeremy Spenser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Novak=Peggy Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne-Marie_Brunius=Anne-Marie Brunius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Richard=Jean-Louis Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Chow=Lori Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chui_Tien-you=Chui Tien-you
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimika_Yoshino=Kimika Yoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Pei-An=Yang Pei-An
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Chow=Billy Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruhito_Iguchi=Naruhito Iguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Burtwell=Frederick Burtwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Yi=Qin Yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Hong=Pan Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Lirong=Zhao Lirong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Lin_(actress)=Zhu Lin (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Sandborg=Olof Sandborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olle_Hilding=Olle Hilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Widgren=Olof Widgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaretha_Krook=Margaretha Krook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingvar_Kjellson=Ingvar Kjellson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Johanson=Ulf Johanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil_Terselius=Lil Terselius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Lindh=Irene Lindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Wall=Anita Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malin_Ek=Malin Ek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Skoglund=Rolf Skoglund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Klinga=Hans Klinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Castaldi=Jean-Pierre Castaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuki_Tani=Atsuki Tani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Adams=Ross Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ina_Clare=Ina Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutta_Rolf=Tutta Rolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tollie_Zellman=Tollie Zellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Botvid=John Botvid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritz_Falk=Lauritz Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinpachi_Nezu=Jinpachi Nezu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Djurberg=Bengt Djurberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Slinger=Jonathan Slinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Xiubo=Wu Xiubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Kataoka=Reiko Kataoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Tsukasa=Yoko Tsukasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Wenqing=Yuan Wenqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Sakai=Masato Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiichi_Tanabe=Seiichi Tanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Furuoya=Masato Furuoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Ando=Sakura Ando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Oginome=Keiko Oginome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ako_(actress)=Ako (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Nakajima=Tomoko Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Kusamura=Reiko Kusamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideko_Yoshida=Hideko Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Wong=Ruby Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Ogawa=Mayumi Ogawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Aki=Yoko Aki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyako_Yamaguchi=Miyako Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumiko_Koyanagi=Rumiko Koyanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsunehiko_Watase=Tsunehiko Watase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuo_Nakamura=Katsuo Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morio_Kazama=Morio Kazama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nenji_Kobayashi=Nenji Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Min_Tanaka=Min Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Fukiishi=Kazue Fukiishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kie_Nakai=Kie Nakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirotaka_Chiba=Hirotaka Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sharvell-Martin=Michael Sharvell-Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeng_Huifen=Zeng Huifen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Kinghorn=Barbara Kinghorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Dou=Shawn Dou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Dongyu=Zhou Dongyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Yongjian=Lin Yongjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Collins_(actress)=Suzanne Collins (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Mulvoy-Ten=Ana Mulvoy-Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Sawyer=Alex Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Chu=Emily Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Shirato=Mari Shirato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isako_Washio=Isako Washio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Belman=Jamie Belman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Kane_(actor)=Matthew Kane (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Edmiston=Liz Edmiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_de_Jonge=Marc de Jonge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Ramsey=Jade Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Simon=Eugene Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Yada=Akiko Yada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hudson_(actor)=Robert Hudson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Chen=Ashton Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freya_Wilson=Freya Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_He=Mickey He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Paisley_Day=Simon Paisley Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthe_Mercadier=Marthe Mercadier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Boudet=Jacques Boudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Duby=Jacques Duby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hardwick=Paul Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Jewesbury=Edward Jewesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Ohlsson=Fredrik Ohlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Hosokawa=Toshiyuki Hosokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nie_Yuan=Nie Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Dymond=Mark Dymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glennis_Lorimer=Glennis Lorimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adabel_Guerrero=Adabel Guerrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Yamada=Takayuki Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katja_K=Katja K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuko_Sawaguchi=Yasuko Sawaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Nakayama=Shinobu Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eri_Fukatsu=Eri Fukatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maho_Nonami=Maho Nonami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makiko_Kuno=Makiko Kuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanne_Thorson=Susanne Thorson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Tim-sing=Lee Tim-sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-France_(actress)=Marie-France (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_Mason=Brewster Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Quilter=David Quilter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Baillien=Carole Baillien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Williams=Brook Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Ettlinger=Norman Ettlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Graham=Denys Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Milburn=Christopher Milburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Darbyshire=Maureen Darbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Hodges=Horace Hodges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Young=Dan Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Keir=David Keir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Boddey=Martin Boddey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Burdon=Albert Burdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerrold_Robertshaw=Jerrold Robertshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawford_Davidson=Lawford Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodo_Watts=Dodo Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meggie_Albanesi=Meggie Albanesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marlborough_East=John Marlborough East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rendel=Robert Rendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Lloyd=Frederick Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hande_Kodja=Hande Kodja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Langley=Herbert Langley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Bayley=Hilda Bayley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Arundell=Teddy Arundell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Keys=Nelson Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Fairbrother=Sydney Fairbrother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrine_Boorman=Katrine Boorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Fielding=Marjorie Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Burne=Nancy Burne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberston_Wright=Humberston Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Owen=Yvonne Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Yarde=Margaret Yarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Caine=Henry Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barraud=George Barraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Ann_Davies=Betty Ann Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Oliver=Anthony Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hy_Hazell=Hy Hazell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dibley=Mary Dibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Moon=George Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Lauchlan=Agnes Lauchlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Butcher=Ernest Butcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Maxwell_(actor)=Roger Maxwell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glyn-Jones=John Glyn-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Esmond=Annie Esmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabel_Maule=Annabel Maule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Johnson_(actress)=Pauline Johnson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrosine_Phillpotts=Ambrosine Phillpotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Riscoe=Arthur Riscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Ward=Polly Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Barty=Jack Barty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_Hope=Vida Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hutcheson=David Hutcheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Harvey=Morris Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Driver=Edgar Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Arundell=Dennis Arundell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Carson_(actor)=Charles Carson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Day=Vera Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Dalby=Amy Dalby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Fox=Reginald Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arty_Ash=Arty Ash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Salew=John Salew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Meadows=Stanley Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Weske=Brian Weske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Brune=Gabrielle Brune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Stanley=Phyllis Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgie_Harris=Georgie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Jia_(actress,_born_1980)=Song Jia (actress, born 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Ferre=Michelle Ferre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Milton=Billy Milton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Elion=Lawrence Elion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryota_Ozawa=Ryota Ozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Yamada=Yuki Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Shimizu=Kazuki Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Jackson_(actress)=Lisa Jackson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyzelle_Joyner=Joyzelle Joyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Davy=Jean Davy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandan_Roy_Sanyal=Chandan Roy Sanyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffry_Wickham=Jeffry Wickham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Sumner=Geoffrey Sumner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Higashiyama=Mami Higashiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Barentin=Nadia Barentin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Thau=Leon Thau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Kumagai=Seiji Kumagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._J._Williams_(actor)=D. J. Williams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Hempstead-Wright=Isaac Hempstead-Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Beaumont=Diana Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Lotinga=Ernie Lotinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ruddock=John Ruddock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Chung=Wallace Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bacon_(actor)=Max Bacon (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Vedey=Julian Vedey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Chance=Naomi Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Courtenay=Syd Courtenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Perfitt=Frank Perfitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Trevor=Ann Trevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuya_Eguchi=Takuya Eguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurin_(actress)=Yurin (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Hanyu=Zhang Hanyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_Whiley=Manning Whiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.H._Mulcaster=G.H. Mulcaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Selby=Nicholas Selby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Fielding=Gerald Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Sharpe=Edith Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Coventry=Tom Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Barrie=Nigel Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Allan=Marguerite Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Gill_(actor)=Tom Gill (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Barton=Margaret Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Osmond=Hal Osmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Hall_(actor)=Cameron Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Travers=Roy Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manora_Thew=Manora Thew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Royce=Julian Royce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Duke=Ivy Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Proust=Caroline Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Arnezeder=Nora Arnezeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chak=William Chak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stockley=Mary Stockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Peters=Pauline Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Fields=Betty Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJ_Jia=JJ Jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Wong=Grace Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Murray-Hill=Peter Murray-Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Bevan=Isla Bevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Stanley=Victor Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Grove=Sybil Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Young_(actor)=Arthur Young (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsumi_Tamura=Mutsumi Tamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Field_(actor)=Alexander Field (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Rawlinson=Gerald Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mortimer=Charles Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rigby_(actor)=Arthur Rigby (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Bartlam=Dorothy Bartlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Ludlow=Patrick Ludlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Satton=Lon Satton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Wyldeck=Martin Wyldeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Wright=Marie Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Bonheur=Stella Bonheur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Brantford=Mickey Brantford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wen=James Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Close=Ivy Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Simpson=Peggy Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Lewis=Fiona Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandrine_Pinna=Sandrine Pinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Maitland=Colin Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Osmond=Lesley Osmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Parry=Natasha Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chesney=Arthur Chesney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Fitzgerald=Aubrey Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Plumb=Hay Plumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_De_Winton=Alice De Winton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Mannering=Cecil Mannering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Hatton=Mercy Hatton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rock=Charles Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_M._Lion=Leon M. Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuo_Yamada=Tatsuo Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Rose=Veronica Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Stannard=Don Stannard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Tee=Elsa Tee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Corrie=Will Corrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Tripod=Irene Tripod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Dane=Frank Dane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Yates=Maud Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Tree=Madge Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_Forsythe=Blanche Forsythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_De_Winton=Dora De Winton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Wynne=Bert Wynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Willis=Hubert Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Denton=Jack Denton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Hopkirk=Gordon Hopkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowley_Wright=Cowley Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Stuart=Madge Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Faire=Betty Faire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Raynham=Fred Raynham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valia=Valia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Stevenson=Theo Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Korris=Harry Korris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Jaffe_(actress)=Shirley Jaffe (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Gorst=Derek Gorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Laurier=Jay Laurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Levey=Elliot Levey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_MacAndrews=John MacAndrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Gillen=Adam Gillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Irvine=Robin Irvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Ruifang=Zhang Ruifang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Xijuan=Zhu Xijuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yu_(actress)=Zhang Yu (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xiuming=Li Xiuming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang_Shu=Fang Shu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madoka_Yonezawa=Madoka Yonezawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_O'Malley=Rex O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Hales=Eric Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Bell=Arnold Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Shaw=Lewis Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorinea_Shirley=Dorinea Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Suedo=Julie Suedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Tozer=Joseph Tozer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Watson=Henrietta Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson_Butt=Lawson Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Geoffrey=Wallace Geoffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Butt=Johnny Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Scott=Gregory Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Campbell=Daisy Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._M._Hallard=C. M. Hallard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Quatermaine=Charles Quatermaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Stuart=Simeon Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.A._Wetherell=M.A. Wetherell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Jennings=Gladys Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fewlass_Llewellyn=Fewlass Llewellyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklyn_Bellamy=Franklyn Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Oxley=David Oxley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Seacombe=Dorothy Seacombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Case=Gerald Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wellesley=Alfred Wellesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Bacon=Mae Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Norfolk=Edgar Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Bradley=Leslie Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalyn_Boulter=Rosalyn Boulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Buckley=Kenneth Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckett_Bould=Beckett Bould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hudd=Walter Hudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Byford=Roy Byford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynne_Herbert=Gwynne Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dewhurst=George Dewhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Ewart=Stephen Ewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionelle_Howard=Lionelle Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Deverell=John Deverell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Clifton=Hugh Clifton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Rayner=Christine Rayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esme_Hubbard=Esme Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_d'Aragon=Lionel d'Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Chen=Yao Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Tennyson=Walter Tennyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_del_Gue=Cecil del Gue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Morton_York=Cecil Morton York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Walcott=Arthur Walcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Carr_(actor)=Cameron Carr (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Tracy=Bert Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenie_Thomas=Queenie Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_A._Douglas=Ernest A. Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottie_Blackford=Lottie Blackford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rorke=Mary Rorke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minna_Grey=Minna Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Gullan=Campbell Gullan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Cherry=Malcolm Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Reynolds_(actor)=Tom Reynolds (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Vaughan_(actor)=Bernard Vaughan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hewland=Philip Hewland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hend_Sabry=Hend Sabry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garance_Le_Guillermic=Garance Le Guillermic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Lindsell=Stuart Lindsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vi_Kaley=Vi Kaley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Agar_Lyons=Harry Agar Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Petley=Frank Petley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Dawson=Ivo Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Kung=Jun Kung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Guise=Wyndham Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Gilbert_(actor)=Lewis Gilbert (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Willoughby=Louis Willoughby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Morgan_(actor)=Fred Morgan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuranosuke_Sasaki=Kuranosuke Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Ritz=Joan Ritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Tennant=Frank Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Cordell=Daisy Cordell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Payne=Douglas Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Lawrence=Gerald Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Powley=Bryan Powley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Burleigh=Bertram Burleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winifred_Evans=Winifred Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Byron_(actor)=Walter Byron (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cullin=Arthur Cullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Page=Norman Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Lan=Yu Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Xiaotang=Wang Xiaotang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Moore=Hilda Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Pearson=Lloyd Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ni_Ping=Ni Ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Molander=Karin Molander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Ferrers=Helen Ferrers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Elliott_Hicks=Maxine Elliott Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junya_Ikeda=Junya Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Evans=Peggy Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_O'Rawe=Geraldine O'Rawe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Cairns=Dallas Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertie_Wright=Bertie Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Groves_(actor)=Fred Groves (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Gray_Murray=M. Gray Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Foley_(actor)=George Foley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Foster=Dorothy Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Batt=Ben Batt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Dolk=Fredrik Dolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Okuda=Erika Okuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Grayson=Diane Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheuk_Wan-chi=Cheuk Wan-chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Shingler=Helen Shingler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_McCallin=Clement McCallin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelita_Helena_Maria_de_Silva_Ferro=Angelita Helena Maria de Silva Ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Sevening=Nina Sevening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Walker=Syd Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cleave=Arthur Cleave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Magrath=Eileen Magrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Vaughan=Kathleen Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Wong=Ben Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnnie_Schofield=Johnnie Schofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Benson=Annette Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Logan=Lillian Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Fraser=Alec Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Seaward=Sydney Seaward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winifred_Harris=Winifred Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiro_Hayama=Hiro Hayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Hampton=Fiona Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Marin=Christian Marin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirei_Kiritani=Mirei Kiritani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hatton_(actor)=Tom Hatton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Brennan_(actor)=Kevin Brennan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_Kuan-chun=Chi Kuan-chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batdorj-in_Baasanjab=Batdorj-in Baasanjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hickman=Alfred Hickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington_A._Playter=Wellington A. Playter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshitsugu_Matsuoka=Yoshitsugu Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Matsumoto=Rio Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanny_Theng=Kanny Theng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumi_Dan=Fumi Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Hsu=Candy Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Saint-Macary=Hubert Saint-Macary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Grey=Denise Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muga_Takewaki=Muga Takewaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Dan=Rei Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasufumi_Terawaki=Yasufumi Terawaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Bransby_Williams=Eric Bransby Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reona_Hirota=Reona Hirota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Mizuki=Kaoru Mizuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Kong=Elena Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rivers=Simon Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Knight_(actor)=James Knight (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Maitland=Ruth Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Field=Ben Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Heslop=Charles Heslop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Hallatt=May Hallatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norah_Howard=Norah Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoki_Sugiura=Naoki Sugiura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Francis=Raymond Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rina_Hidaka=Rina Hidaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Yamauchi=Ken Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Hong_(actor)=Yuan Hong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuna_Watanabe=Natsuna Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Burt=Clare Burt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harue_Akagi=Harue Akagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lewis_(English_actor)=Martin Lewis (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Welsh=Jane Welsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Cross=Hugh Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Pierce=Norman Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Shine=Wilfred Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Hirose=Alice Hirose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Osborne_(actor)=Michael Osborne (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Collingwood=Peter Collingwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Gengxin=Lin Gengxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Longhurst_(actor)=Henry Longhurst (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Bach=Reginald Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wenman=Henry Wenman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Zhu=Rebecca Zhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Eustrel=Anthony Eustrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Hillwood=Amanda Hillwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Gifford=Alan Gifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Withers=Margaret Withers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Chen_(actor)=Li Chen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiaki_Morita=Chiaki Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shu_Chang_(actress)=Shu Chang (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rino_Katase=Rino Katase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_O'Neill_(actor)=Edward O'Neill (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Munro_(actor)=Douglas Munro (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuhiro_Ichiki=Mitsuhiro Ichiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Paxton=Sydney Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_McRae_(actor)=Duncan McRae (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Craig_(actor)=Gordon Craig (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeObia_Oparei=DeObia Oparei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Sterroll=Gertrude Sterroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Webb=Dick Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xie_Na=Xie Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Emery=Polly Emery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Dayton=Lewis Dayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renee_Kelly=Renee Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hallett=Henry Hallett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeline_Hayden_Coffin=Adeline Hayden Coffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Morgan=Joan Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Gaye=Howard Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Anderson_(actress)=Dallas Anderson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Kingston=Mark Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parineeti_Chopra=Parineeti Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Schulz=Barbara Schulz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_O'Brien_(actor)=Terence O'Brien (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Skillan=George Skillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Balfour_(actress)=Eve Balfour (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Martin-Harvey=Muriel Martin-Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Saxby=Lily Saxby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Cornish=Vera Cornish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lindsay_(actor)=James Lindsay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Kirby=Joyce Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Carlisle=Peggy Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Halliday=Lena Halliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Harding_Steerman=A. Harding Steerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Davis=Rex Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudie_Dunham=Maudie Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ireland_(actor)=Anthony Ireland (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Davies=Edna Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Brough=Antonia Brough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Yuxin=Liu Yuxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Lockton=Joan Lockton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_McDougall=Rex McDougall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Zhang=Hans Zhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Livesey=Barry Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Bevan=Cecil Bevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Croker-King=Charles Croker-King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tilson-Chowne=Charles Tilson-Chowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Roughwood=Owen Roughwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vallis=Robert Vallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Teng_(Singapore)=Lee Teng (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Barlow=Jeff Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruna_Yabuki=Haruna Yabuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Handy=James Handy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker_McGuire=Tucker McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Bramhall=Dorothy Bramhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Macaulay=Tom Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Bedos=Nicolas Bedos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Shuang_(actress,_born_1991)=Zheng Shuang (actress, born 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauderdale_Maitland=Lauderdale Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabel_Leventon=Annabel Leventon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Yihuan=Zhao Yihuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_Chia=Alyssa Chia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Martins=Sara Martins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Ouazani=Sabrina Ouazani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglantine_Rembauville=Eglantine Rembauville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Culkin=Michael Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Xia=Hu Xia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Nailiang=Jia Nailiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Axberg=Eddie Axberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lindstedt=Pierre Lindstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Chen=Ivy Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Morgan_(actor)=Charles Morgan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Stewart_(actor)=Jack Stewart (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Wilson_(actor)=Ian Wilson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Rains=Fred Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sorley=Edward Sorley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Leslie=Rolf Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booth_Conway=Booth Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_de_Solla=Rachel de Solla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.E._George=A.E. George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Leigh=Austin Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Cochrane=Frank Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Witty=John Witty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genine_Graham=Genine Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Brimmell=Max Brimmell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Sharp=Leonard Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Gordon=Dorothy Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Reid=Trevor Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Lack=Simon Lack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Miller=Magda Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Williams_(actor)=Leonard Williams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Connor_(actor)=Patrick Connor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Stainton=Philip Stainton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Strange=Philip Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peng_Yuyan=Peng Yuyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Millward=Dawson Millward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lane_(actor)=Arthur Lane (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lang_(actor)=Harold Lang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Muir_(actor)=Douglas Muir (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Raynor=Sheila Raynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Taylor_(actor)=Larry Taylor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cui_Peng_(actor)=Cui Peng (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Wagstaff=Elsie Wagstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlett_Mullins=Bartlett Mullins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Kann=Lily Kann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Adair_(actor)=Robert Adair (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Atkinson_(actor)=Frank Atkinson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hartley=Robert Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Yoshida=Mayumi Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Kawana=Machiko Kawana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sterne=David Sterne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Biles=Oliver Biles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ni_Ni=Ni Ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pihla_Viitala=Pihla Viitala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miao_Pu=Miao Pu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Helm=Fay Helm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zhihui=Chen Zhihui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kento_Kaku=Kento Kaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bao_Guo'an=Bao Guo'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Kazemy=Sarah Kazemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Yikuan=Yan Yikuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Pradal=Bruno Pradal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Michael=Pierre Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Michel=Jean-Claude Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Rassam=Julien Rassam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Nicaud=Philippe Nicaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Maguelon=Pierre Maguelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arisa_Komiya=Arisa Komiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Le_Vigan=Robert Le Vigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Ulric_Dubuisson=Pierre-Ulric Dubuisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Sauvion=Serge Sauvion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Souplex=Raymond Souplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Daurand=Jean Daurand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Martinelli=Jean Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Baquet=Maurice Baquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Kemm=Jean Kemm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Krauss=Henry Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Darras=Jean-Pierre Darras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Chapot=Jean Chapot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Deschamps=Hubert Deschamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Virlogeux=Henri Virlogeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Fabbri=Jacques Fabbri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxime_Leroux=Maxime Leroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bouillaud=Charles Bouillaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moor=Robert Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Titre=Claude Titre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Le_Poulain=Jean Le Poulain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Claudio=Jean Claudio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Djanik=Henry Djanik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Dutertre=Armand Dutertre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Doris=Pierre Doris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Maillot=Maurice Maillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Colline=Paul Colline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Legras=Jacques Legras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Charby=Jacques Charby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Etcheverry=Michel Etcheverry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hurtaut_Dancourt=Louis Hurtaut Dancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Vincent=Roger Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Meyrand=Pierre Meyrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thierry_Fortineau=Thierry Fortineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Attal=Henri Attal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Musson=Bernard Musson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Guillemin=Patrick Guillemin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Kay=Harold Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Debary=Jacques Debary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiao_Zhenyu=Qiao Zhenyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cunningham_(actor)=Richard Cunningham (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwok_Fung=Kwok Fung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Andrews=Jessie Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Yue_(actor)=Wu Yue (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akane_Tomonaga=Akane Tomonaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Gerrier=Marin Gerrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian_Zhijun=Qian Zhijun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriko_Nakamura=Eriko Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Aoba=Ringo Aoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahoko_Kinoshita=Nahoko Kinoshita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Sum=Sammy Sum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Chew=Dennis Chew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Kung=Katy Kung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunjaku_Han=Bunjaku Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobunaga_Shimazaki=Nobunaga Shimazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikio_Narita=Mikio Narita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumio_Watanabe=Fumio Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Chan_Chi-san=Jason Chan Chi-san
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Leslie=Eddie Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jitsuko_Yoshimura=Jitsuko Yoshimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako_Midori=Mako Midori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Sia=Melvin Sia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Cheung=Kelly Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideki_Ogihara=Hideki Ogihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayo_Hosono=Masayo Hosono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hui=Alfred Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuki_Ono=Miyuki Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Takemasa=Hiroko Takemasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuma_Suzuki=Takuma Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Chang=Candy Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Vaillant=Greta Vaillant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Leadbetter=Cindy Leadbetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Darel=Dominique Darel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lawrence_(actor)=Mark Lawrence (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddy_Darrall=Maddy Darrall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chow_Chung=Chow Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cilla_Kung=Cilla Kung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ser=Diana Ser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keisuke_Koide=Keisuke Koide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Lamy=Alexandra Lamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jouannet=Thomas Jouannet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Sheridan=Katie Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Ryan=Dylan Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Lam=King Kong Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bernard_(actor)=John Bernard (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Cheung=Stanley Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Funck=Eva Funck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Ng=Vincent Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Johansson=Douglas Johansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukichi_Uno=Jukichi Uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheri-An_Davis=Sheri-An Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Brennan=Stuart Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Wilshin=Sunday Wilshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junie_Astor=Junie Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Sologne=Madeleine Sologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomy_Bourdelle=Thomy Bourdelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Dumesnil=Jacques Dumesnil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Vernon=Suzy Vernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Moreno=Marguerite Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paule_Andral=Paule Andral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lamy=Charles Lamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Bert=Camille Bert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bradin=Jean Bradin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Jacquet=Gaston Jacquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Coquelin=Jean Coquelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Pierry=Marguerite Pierry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Armontel=Roland Armontel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Ohba=Kenji Ohba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatsu_Akasaki=Chinatsu Akasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Tarride=Abel Tarride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Tarride=Jacques Tarride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla_Norman=Rolla Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Henley=Jacques Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Etchepare=Pierre Etchepare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_Delyne=Christiane Delyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Charpin=Fernand Charpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germaine_Michel=Germaine Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlette_Poirier=Arlette Poirier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelle_Praince=Marcelle Praince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vattier=Robert Vattier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Andrieux=Luc Andrieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Ripert=Colette Ripert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Kessel=Sam Kessel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Palau=Pierre Palau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Maupi=Marcel Maupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_de_Morlaye=Marguerite de Morlaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Salou=Louis Salou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Dol=Mona Dol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Karl=Roger Karl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Robinson=Madeleine Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Legris=Roger Legris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Tissot=Alice Tissot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanna_Dilber=Suzanna Dilber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Rodriguez=Mel Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_Cadet=Rivers Cadet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Faivre=Paul Faivre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Nastorg=Michel Nastorg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Prim=Suzy Prim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Edholm=Rafael Edholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Hansson=Catherine Hansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulla_Skoog=Ulla Skoog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_Chan=Astrid Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_Sundberg=Katrin Sundberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Duval=Daniel Duval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Ho=Lily Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Brogren=Lena Brogren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_Grahn=Matilda Grahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griselda_Yeung=Griselda Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norah_Gorsen=Norah Gorsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Sundbom=Maria Sundbom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Moritz=Nils Moritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Brooke=Rebecca Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelle_Seth=Pelle Seth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwa_Boman=Iwa Boman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Blomberg=Anna Blomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikiya_Yasuoka=Rikiya Yasuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malin_Berghagen=Malin Berghagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Murata=Hiromi Murata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Lan=Qin Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Fabish=Georgia Fabish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Christian_Thulin=Hans-Christian Thulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yumei=Wang Yumei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Leung=Lily Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Hourani=Dominique Hourani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Chao-chun=Jin Chao-chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Abbott=Frederic Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Lam=Alex Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Booker=Jane Booker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Chu=Mimi Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Tse_(singer)=Brian Tse (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hou_Baolin=Hou Baolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibelle_Hu=Sibelle Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Hase=Hitomi Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Beaune=Michel Beaune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Toja=Jacques Toja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Dacqmine=Jacques Dacqmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrid_Holmquist=Sigrid Holmquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Party=Robert Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Kitaoka=Chiharu Kitaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leanne_Liu=Leanne Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Su_(actress)=Ma Su (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Melki=Claude Melki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Barbier=Christian Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_La_Brosse=Simon de La Brosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Bataille=Nicolas Bataille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Dandy=Raymond Dandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Yonnel=Jean Yonnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rino_Higa=Rino Higa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Nassiet=Henri Nassiet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Chan=Alice Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Claessens=Alain Claessens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Billerey=Raoul Billerey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Dutoit=Roger Dutoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Faraldo=Claude Faraldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Seiler=Jacques Seiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_(voice_actress)=Mina (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Mazzotti=Pascal Mazzotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Briquet=Sacha Briquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Alexandroni=Patrick Alexandroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cogan=Henri Cogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Staquet=Georges Staquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_Rivero=Gabriela Rivero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Liedberg=Jessica Liedberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Huanshan=Xu Huanshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Uchida=Aya Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Zhiguo=Du Zhiguo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zihan=Chen Zihan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Miyake=Marie Miyake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minami_Tsuda=Minami Tsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Veal=Jennifer Veal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Tanaka=Michiko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Tordai=Teri Tordai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Stradner=Rose Stradner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Norrthon=Simon Norrthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayame_Goriki=Ayame Goriki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helga_Thomas=Helga Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Mak_Kit-man=Connie Mak Kit-man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_France=Claude France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margit_Manstad=Margit Manstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichiro_Sugai=Ichiro Sugai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryosuke_Kagawa=Ryosuke Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masao_Shimizu=Masao Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Hanabusa=Yuriko Hanabusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huguette_Duflos=Huguette Duflos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Date=Saburo Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuko_Mito=Mitsuko Mito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumiko_Hidaka=Sumiko Hidaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Yamamura=So Yamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadako_Sawamura=Sadako Sawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Maxudian=Max Maxudian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Faulks=Ben Faulks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koreya_Senda=Koreya Senda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranko_Hanai=Ranko Hanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Hamamura=Jun Hamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mie_Kitahara=Mie Kitahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuo_Kaneko=Nobuo Kaneko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachiko_Murase=Sachiko Murase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taketoshi_Naito=Taketoshi Naito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinsuke_Ashida=Shinsuke Ashida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eitaro_Ozawa=Eitaro Ozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_af_Sandeberg=Helena af Sandeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Davin=Amanda Davin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Chen-tung=Ko Chen-tung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azumi_Asakura=Azumi Asakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Yeung=Matt Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidor_Torkar=Isidor Torkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Yamaguchi=Rie Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamao_Yoshida=Tamao Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Kagurazaka=Megumi Kagurazaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Kimura=Subaru Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Igarashi=Hiromi Igarashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schildt=Peter Schildt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayato_Ichihara=Hayato Ichihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiko_Horiuchi=Aiko Horiuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryony_Hannah=Bryony Hannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogo_Yamaguchi=Shogo Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinpei_Takagi=Shinpei Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavan_Kendall=Cavan Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Hirano=Mai Hirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeo_Chii=Takeo Chii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayane_Sakura=Ayane Sakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Gao=Godfrey Gao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Barlow=Helena Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koji_Furuhata=Koji Furuhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Tan=Romeo Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Descas=Alex Descas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andie_Chen=Andie Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Lee_(actress)=Tracy Lee (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Herlin=Jacques Herlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Xiangyu=Dai Xiangyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Pang=Kate Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Shuai_(actor)=Yuan Shuai (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Tan=Desmond Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiori_Mikami=Shiori Mikami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Yeo=Ben Yeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Zhenhuan_(actor)=Zhang Zhenhuan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Gilpin=Jean Gilpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Tsang=Derek Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Ke-liang=Chu Ke-liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Leung=Oscar Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_Yong=Darryl Yong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sora_Ma=Sora Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tore_Svennberg=Tore Svennberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_McCluskey_(actor)=George McCluskey (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Wang=Jeff Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Chong=Zen Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Hung-hsuan=Fan Hung-hsuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Yeo=Jerry Yeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Lim=Darren Lim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulette_Noizeux=Paulette Noizeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Robinne=Gabrielle Robinne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Shen=Nick Shen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Fan=Xu Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Lee=King Kong Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Song=Constance Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramez_Galal=Ramez Galal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_San=William San
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Kang=Julien Kang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Wahlgren=Linus Wahlgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paola_Dionisotti=Paola Dionisotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hockley=Andy Hockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Kheng_Ming=Wee Kheng Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavin_Soh=Cavin Soh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Lei_(actor)=Zhang Lei (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryutarou_Akimoto=Ryutarou Akimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Portman=Daniel Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moo_Yan_Yee=Moo Yan Yee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Yamashita=Ayaka Yamashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Leong=Tiffany Leong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shao_Bing=Shao Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Sam=Eliza Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Bingliang=Yan Bingliang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Ying_(actress)=Zhou Ying (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Liang_(actor)=Guo Liang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Chung=Stella Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Chia=Michelle Chia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Mergault=Isabelle Mergault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kei_Yamamoto=Kei Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nako_Mizusawa=Nako Mizusawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Libing=Yang Libing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Tan=Florence Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ong=Thomas Ong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Berry_Brogan=Kerry Berry Brogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Goh=Debbie Goh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsel_Korey=Tinsel Korey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadine_Marshall=Nadine Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Chagrin=Julian Chagrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Tan=Evelyn Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rothwell_(actor)=Michael Rothwell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Chan=Amy Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Qing=Xu Qing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamelyn_Chee=Pamelyn Chee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lini_Evans=Lini Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell_(actor)=Colin Campbell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Gouix=Guillaume Gouix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_O'Toole=Dave O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Winling=Jean-Marie Winling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Lefebvre_(actor)=Philippe Lefebvre (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Davray=Dominique Davray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Zhou=Betty Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cariad_Lloyd=Cariad Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Chiang=Angel Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Lindgren=Hans Lindgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Balutin=Jacques Balutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Logan=Stanley Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Guesmi=Samir Guesmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Le_Coq=Bernard Le Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao-liang_Tan=Tao-liang Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Wei=Lee Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Lopert=Tanya Lopert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risa_Taneda=Risa Taneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Britt=Leo Britt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Uchiyama=Yumi Uchiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Zheng_(actor)=Xu Zheng (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Hong_(actress,_born_1972)=Tao Hong (actress, born 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Hong_(actress,_born_1969)=Tao Hong (actress, born 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Vibert=Marcel Vibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Vernier_(actor)=Pierre Vernier (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikako_Komatsu=Mikako Komatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruka_Yamazaki=Haruka Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Kemble-Cooper=Lillian Kemble-Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Cheung=Nicola Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riria=Riria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yudai_Chiba=Yudai Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Kirby=Grace Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumi_Kitta=Izumi Kitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_To=Dennis To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun_Miyazato=Shun Miyazato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanroh_Ishida=Tanroh Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Fitz-Simons=Lesley Fitz-Simons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Payne_(actor)=Will Payne (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Bracken=Kate Bracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Caves=David Caves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgann_Johnson=Georgann Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junzaburo_Ban=Junzaburo Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Carling=Victoria Carling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kei_Tanaka=Kei Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Barclay=Eric Barclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hallard=Ian Hallard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Muylaert=Fernando Muylaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Holmes_(actor)=Tim Holmes (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuiko_Tatsumi=Yuiko Tatsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arisa_Noto=Arisa Noto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Takayama=Yuko Takayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Liu=Annie Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Wright=Rufus Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahiro_Yoshimizu=Takahiro Yoshimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayuri_Konno=Ayuri Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlene_Rothlein=Arlene Rothlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Lee=Theresa Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Chang=Ken Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baldwin_(actor)=Robert Baldwin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Ngai=Kong Ngai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxane_Duran=Roxane Duran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Moriarty_(actor)=Paul Moriarty (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lin=Andrew Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Wenfei=Song Wenfei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ao_Takahashi=Ao Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Xiao=Chen Xiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Loo=Bonnie Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Ryder=Dylan Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomi_Yamamoto=Nozomi Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olla_Ramlan=Olla Ramlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sita_Chan=Sita Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Robertson=Marie Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Chik=Jonathan Chik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Baihe=Bai Baihe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Howarth=Kevin Howarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Luodan=Wang Luodan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuhisa_Kawahara_(actor)=Kazuhisa Kawahara (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Quartermaine=Leon Quartermaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Jacquin=Abel Jacquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lancret=Bernard Lancret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_John=Cornell John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Fielding=Douglas Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Parr_(actress)=Katherine Parr (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Waller-Bridge=Phoebe Waller-Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annica_Smedius=Annica Smedius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiro_Dan=Jiro Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucile_Saint-Simon=Lucile Saint-Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Ryusei=Ryo Ryusei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Di=Mao Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Worms=Jean Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Mercer=Olive Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelle_Chantal=Marcelle Chantal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marchat=Jean Marchat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Yamaguchi_(actor)=Tatsuya Yamaguchi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Bazely=Sally Bazely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Tillette=Caroline Tillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_White_Shah=Jennifer White Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Karabatsos=Ron Karabatsos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Rhodes=Earl Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Down=Angela Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Legeay=Denise Legeay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sproule=Peter Sproule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Andersson=Morgan Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuyuki_Okitsu=Kazuyuki Okitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Li-hua=Yang Li-hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Darfeuil=Colette Darfeuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_Theret=Christa Theret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Bertrand_(actor)=Claude Bertrand (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Chou=Nick Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Greene_(actor)=James Greene (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Chen=Annie Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Chan=Grace Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Kemp=Martin Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karole_Rocher=Karole Rocher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaiza_Ikeda=Elaiza Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerstin_Granlund=Kerstin Granlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroki_Hasegawa=Hiroki Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shefali_Chowdhury=Shefali Chowdhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Boitard=Samir Boitard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Wai_Ming=Lau Wai Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Chen=Michelle Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryden_Murdoch=Bryden Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Macqueen=Harry Macqueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brooke=Tom Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Gloag=Helena Gloag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayden_Yuan=Jayden Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Makepeace=Deborah Makepeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Xin=Jiang Xin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaynor_Hodgson=Gaynor Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siobhan_O'Neill=Siobhan O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahisa_Maeyama=Takahisa Maeyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Wong=Priscilla Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaki_Leung=Kaki Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Lau=Billy Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Grybe=Stig Grybe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Kwan=Sharon Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Mahmoud_Abdel_Aziz=Mohamed Mahmoud Abdel Aziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chieko_Aioi=Chieko Aioi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuro_Watabe=Atsuro Watabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikumi_Hayama=Ikumi Hayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Nishio=Mari Nishio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Miyashita=Eiji Miyashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiki_Masuda=Toshiki Masuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nike_Arrighi=Nike Arrighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_Malmberg=Dag Malmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Eguchi=Noriko Eguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie_Jeanne=Lucie Jeanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Hara=Sayuri Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reina_Triendl=Reina Triendl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceara_O'Neill=Ceara O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hung_Sin-nui=Hung Sin-nui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Hsieh=Jeannie Hsieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kei_Suma=Kei Suma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Pickard=Helena Pickard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Miura=Takeshi Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mado_Maurin=Mado Maurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hobbs_(actor)=Jack Hobbs (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_Graham=Violet Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Pang=Bennett Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Roa=Kenji Roa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anneli_Martini=Anneli Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Feihong=Yu Feihong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Chiao=Vincent Chiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Cakes=Daisy Cakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Xiawei=Lin Xiawei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_Lee_Yen=Athena Lee Yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yako_Chan=Yako Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiga_Lin=Shiga Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manami_Numakura=Manami Numakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awa_Ly=Awa Ly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Yao=Yao Yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juri_Nagatsuma=Juri Nagatsuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Dalbert=Suzanne Dalbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Saynor=Ian Saynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sora_Amamiya=Sora Amamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yohanna_Idha=Yohanna Idha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Gage=Ryan Gage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_Ma=Celine Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyan_Cheng=Lyan Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Gozzi=Patricia Gozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Thunberg=Olof Thunberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annica_Risberg=Annica Risberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Liljeroth=Leif Liljeroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Lasseby=Stig Lasseby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liao_Fan=Liao Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Shu-na=Chiang Shu-na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Wang_(actor)=Chris Wang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Walker_(actor)=Martin Walker (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Tan=Julie Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Burnham=Edward Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini_Chang=Mini Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Furukawa=Makoto Furukawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sidaway_(actor)=Robert Sidaway (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catrin_Westerlund=Catrin Westerlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Hayami=Ryo Hayami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Nielsen=Monica Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Billquist=Carl Billquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Ernback=Hans Ernback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Lensander=Birger Lensander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Erik_Lindqvist=Jan Erik Lindqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Brodin=Helena Brodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunilla_Olsson=Gunilla Olsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellan_Roos=Bellan Roos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Duhamel=Claire Duhamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Hedlund=Roland Hedlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agda_Helin=Agda Helin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Sofie_Kylin=Ann-Sofie Kylin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Sohlman=Rolf Sohlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Lindblom=Anita Lindblom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Green=Lars Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frej_Lindqvist=Frej Lindqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Holmberg=Sven Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Eklund=Nils Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl-Axel_Elfving=Carl-Axel Elfving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lis_Nilheim=Lis Nilheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Zacharias=Ann Zacharias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Godenius=Anna Godenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dolman=Richard Dolman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Gunke=Nina Gunke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Hagman=Gerd Hagman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl-Axel_Heiknert=Carl-Axel Heiknert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torgny_Anderberg=Torgny Anderberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agneta_Ekmanner=Agneta Ekmanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sune_Mangs=Sune Mangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larisa_Bakurova=Larisa Bakurova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Graham=Clive Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cole_(actor)=Joe Cole (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuyoshi_Koyama=Tsuyoshi Koyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Eklund=Ulf Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiron_Holmberg=Weiron Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Wigren=Hans Wigren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojan_Westin=Bojan Westin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Tapia=Gloria Tapia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Casadesus=Christian Casadesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Mason=Elliott Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Cohen_(actor)=Jonathan Cohen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaud_Ducret=Arnaud Ducret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Hu=Melrose Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Haran=Scott Haran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Chalmers=Fiona Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dada_Chan=Dada Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Laage=Barbara Laage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puff_Kuo=Puff Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Lai=Megan Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margreth_Weivers=Margreth Weivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Habay=Andrea Habay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Chan=Jeannie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chika_Anzai=Chika Anzai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taishi_Murata=Taishi Murata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reika_Kirishima=Reika Kirishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Naya=Beverly Naya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Kemp-Welch=Joan Kemp-Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Xue_(actress)=Han Xue (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micheline_Dax=Micheline Dax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Kao=Sharon Kao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Marly=Florence Marly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Chung=Betty Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Bernard=Jean-Pierre Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Tessier=Valentine Tessier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Wong_Chee-Hynn=Jonathan Wong Chee-Hynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Dalqvist=Bengt Dalqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Tazaki=Jun Tazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Pow=Shane Pow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figaro_Tseng=Figaro Tseng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Brettel=Colette Brettel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryohei_Otani=Ryohei Otani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Fan_(actor)=Bai Fan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silver_(actor)=George Silver (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Long=Reginald Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivienne_Chatterton=Vivienne Chatterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Wood_(actor)=Fred Wood (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_Han_(actor,_born_1938)=Chin Han (actor, born 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_Han_(actor,_born_1946)=Chin Han (actor, born 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hawkey=Ben Hawkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misaki_Momose=Misaki Momose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Ng=Philip Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Yuen=Andrew Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caisar_Aditya_Putra=Caisar Aditya Putra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Lindberg=Augusta Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Chu=Tracy Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Wong=Jacqueline Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hung=Tony Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Chia=Kimberly Chia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinji_Takeda=Shinji Takeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fang=Ian Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanori_Ishii=Masanori Ishii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisuke_Kikuta=Daisuke Kikuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Magre=Judith Magre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Cheung=Owen Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliana_Laine=Liliana Laine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Ma=Marc Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.B._Brydon=W.B. Brydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Knight=Elizabeth Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luhan_(singer)=Luhan (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Wu=Kris Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandy_Wong=Kandy Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_Lee=Tia Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Baldoni=Emily Baldoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Abrahamsson=Eric Abrahamsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilding_Gavle=Hilding Gavle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Ziedner=Lili Ziedner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Ekelund=Karin Ekelund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubbing_Janaki=Dubbing Janaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakane_Yonekura=Masakane Yonekura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Shison=Jun Shison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armelle=Armelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Yang_(actor)=Yang Yang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Tsuchiya=Tao Tsuchiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Brown_(actor)=Edwin Brown (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacelyn_Tay=Jacelyn Tay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Singuineau=Frank Singuineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lim_Kay_Tong=Lim Kay Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Calfan=Nicole Calfan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Yajima=Kenichi Yajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brice_Fournier=Brice Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Liu=Jasper Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_Lafitte=Laurent Lafitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Keda=Wong Keda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Yiyan=Jiang Yiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoud_Abdel_Aziz=Mahmoud Abdel Aziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Cheng=Fred Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikoi_Sasaki=Mikoi Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzie_Devrish=Ozzie Devrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Lamy=Audrey Lamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Binstead=Jack Binstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yat-fei_Wong=Yat-fei Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Denarnaud=Marie Denarnaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nico_Tatarowicz=Nico Tatarowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Wong=Kenny Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Fukushima=Jun Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medi_Sadoun=Medi Sadoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ary_Abittan=Ary Abittan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noom_Diawara=Noom Diawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Piaton=Julia Piaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_Dupuis=Claudine Dupuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxi_Iglesias=Maxi Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Wang_(Taiwanese_actress)=Chloe Wang (Taiwanese actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nami_Tsukamoto=Nami Tsukamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Abadie=William Abadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Pol=Alice Pol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudhir_Pandey=Sudhir Pandey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Schmitz_(actress)=Hanna Schmitz (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Pang=Aloysius Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Cheng=Ryan Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Wong=Carrie Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Huang=Jerry Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Schildt=Johan Schildt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pong_Nan=Pong Nan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Bruce=Joan Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lam_Pou-chuen=Lam Pou-chuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aenie_Wong=Aenie Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimiko_Yo=Kimiko Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Eklund=Mira Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinny_Ng=Jinny Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Xu=Jeffrey Xu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Luz=Mark Luz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayu_Matsuoka=Mayu Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepe_Viyuela=Pepe Viyuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lan_Yan=Lan Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Dong_(actor)=Han Dong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Cockle=Doug Cockle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islah_Abdur_Rahman=Islah Abdur Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Asai=Ayaka Asai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lee=Bruce Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Atkinson-Wood=Helen Atkinson-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Ziyi=Zhang Ziyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chow_Yun-fat=Chow Yun-fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammo_Hung=Sammo Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsui_Hark=Tsui Hark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Tam=Roman Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan=Jackie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Yeoh=Michelle Yeoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Cheung=Maggie Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gong_Li=Gong Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yimou=Zhang Yimou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Cheung=Leslie Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Chiu-Wai=Tony Leung Chiu-Wai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Lai=Leon Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammi_Cheng=Sammi Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chatto=Daniel Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Wong=Faye Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Anwar=Mina Anwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Lee=Coco Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Lau=Andy Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Welsh_(actor)=John Welsh (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Ryan=Christopher Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Mui=Anita Mui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Edwards=Hilton Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Chen=Joan Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fann_Wong=Fann Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sae_Isshiki=Sae Isshiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Chen=Chang Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Linder=Anders Linder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Doyle=Christopher Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Yeh=Sally Yeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanson_(singer)=John Hanson (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Vadim=Christian Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Aso=Kumiko Aso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Cheung=Jacky Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hung=William Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Kase=Ryo Kase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arata_Iura=Arata Iura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Harada=Masato Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jing_Tian=Jing Tian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolin_Tsai=Jolin Tsai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukumi_Kuroda=Fukumi Kuroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuko_Miyamoto=Nobuko Miyamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Yamazaki=Tsutomu Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Cooper=Terence Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Nagasawa=Miki Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rika_Komatsu=Rika Komatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Shiratori=Yuri Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazusa_Murai=Kazusa Murai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josie_Ho=Josie Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MC_Jin=MC Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Ling=Bai Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Chow=Stephen Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Chou=Jay Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuen_Biao=Yuen Biao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Yung=Joey Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Gregg=Hubert Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Emney=Fred Emney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Tse=Nicholas Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Leung=Gigi Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_Mak=Juno Mak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanness_Wu=Vanness Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Chu=Ken Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Yan=Jerry Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Chen=Kelly Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Ishikura=Saburo Ishikura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Thomas_(actor)=Gareth Thomas (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xavier_Saint-Macary=Xavier Saint-Macary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dixon=David Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Sutherland=Catherine Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayuko_Aoki=Mayuko Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Ng=Deep Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Kane=Samuel Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_de_Sancha=Antonia de Sancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Drach=Michel Drach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisa_Yokoyama=Chisa Yokoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Chung=Gillian Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlene_Choi=Charlene Choi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omi_Minami=Omi Minami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Yamaguchi_(voice_actress)=Yuriko Yamaguchi (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Iwanaga=Tetsuya Iwanaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doreen_Mantle=Doreen Mantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Theakston=Will Theakston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Kawamura=Maria Kawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Sakuma=Rei Sakuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayo_Kurata=Masayo Kurata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Kobayashi=Yumiko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Yoshida=Sayuri Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motomu_Kiyokawa=Motomu Kiyokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Winter=Vincent Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Richardson_(actor)=John Richardson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Hui=Samuel Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Kaneshiro=Takeshi Kaneshiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakiko_Tamagawa=Sakiko Tamagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Kasahara=Hiroko Kasahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Fujitani=Miki Fujitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomu_Sasaki=Nozomu Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacy_Ryan=Lacy Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Estcourt=Richard Estcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_(actor)=John Paul (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shu_Qi=Shu Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lone=John Lone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinami_Nishimura=Chinami Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Natsuki=Rio Natsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Daoming=Chen Daoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Hsu=Vivian Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_Love=Kermit Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Lau=Maggie Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiana_Horton=Christiana Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Monro=Joanna Monro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippa_Haywood=Pippa Haywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordelia_Bugeja=Cordelia Bugeja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritha_Goodey=Fritha Goodey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stirling_Gallacher=Stirling Gallacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Kobayashi=Yuko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Wong=Russell Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiko_Fujita=Toshiko Fujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomo_Sakurai=Tomo Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Yeung=Miriam Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurmit_Singh=Gurmit Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoko_Aida=Shoko Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan'ami=Kan'ami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Nakagawa=Akiko Nakagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Nakahara=Shigeru Nakahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Kikuchi=Masami Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Iwai=Yukiko Iwai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagisa_Katahira=Nagisa Katahira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumi_Hirano=Fumi Hirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Kingetsu=Mami Kingetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Zaizen=Naomi Zaizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risa_Junna=Risa Junna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Kobayashi=Satomi Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Nagasawa=Naomi Nagasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Wen=Jiang Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carina_Lau=Carina Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Best=Edna Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taeko_Kawata=Taeko Kawata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiki_Matsuno=Taiki Matsuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Chan=Danny Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Yamamoto=Yuriko Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naozumi_Takahashi=Naozumi Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Mitsui=Yuri Mitsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Su=Alec Su
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Ikura=Kazue Ikura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Sasamoto=Yuko Sasamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Roberts_(actor)=Graham Roberts (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunihiko_Yasui=Kunihiko Yasui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Kwok=Aaron Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reika_Hashimoto=Reika Hashimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabel_Poulton=Mabel Poulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_Ravalec=Blanche Ravalec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsunosuke_Hori=Katsunosuke Hori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuko_Inuyama=Inuko Inuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daiki_Nakamura=Daiki Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiko_Takimoto=Fujiko Takimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiko_Tanaka=Masahiko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Colenso=Dominic Colenso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Palmade=Pierre Palmade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eason_Chan=Eason Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaycee_Chan=Jaycee Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Cheong=Angie Cheong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Ito=Ayumi Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akemi_Okamura=Akemi Okamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroya_Ishimaru=Hiroya Ishimaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wong_(lyricist)=James Wong (lyricist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Sugawara=Masashi Sugawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyuki_Umezu=Hideyuki Umezu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misako_Tanaka=Misako Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etsuko_Kozakura=Etsuko Kozakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michitaka_Kobayashi=Michitaka Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Wong_(Hong_Kong_actor)=Anthony Wong (Hong Kong actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Shimada=Yoko Shimada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Wang=Liza Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuen_Wah=Yuen Wah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Wang=Cyndi Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Matsumoto=Akiko Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumiko_Ukai=Rumiko Ukai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Boyer=Jacqueline Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wong_(actor)=Michael Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Sanli=Ma Sanli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femi_Taylor=Femi Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Lindon=Vincent Lindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Emori=Hiroko Emori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hui=Andy Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Hardy_(actor)=Arthur Hardy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Shuter=Edward Shuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Wong=Felix Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Tabata=Tomoko Tabata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saya_Takagi=Saya Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katashi_Ishizuka=Katashi Ishizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurina_Hase=Yurina Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakana_Yamazaki=Wakana Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruhi_Nanao=Haruhi Nanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tam=Alan Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Cheng=Adam Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Lin=Ruby Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wong_(musician)=Paul Wong (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Leung_Ka-fai=Tony Leung Ka-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Guitry=Lucien Guitry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Narahashi=Miki Narahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhiro_Takato=Yasuhiro Takato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Shiraishi=Ayako Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Takada=Yumi Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yayoi_Jinguji=Yayoi Jinguji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneta_Kimotsuki=Kaneta Kimotsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Fujino=Kaoru Fujino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Chan=Kit Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Yuen=Anita Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Deas=Justin Deas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Suzuki=Masami Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Masuda=Yuki Masuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Akiyoshi=Kumiko Akiyoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osamu_Hosoi=Osamu Hosoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Nomura=Yuka Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Hoshino=Tomoko Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Hoshino=Mari Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiri_Henmi=Emiri Henmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Hishimi=Yuriko Hishimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stephenson=James Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Xiaogang=Feng Xiaogang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Fujita=Yumiko Fujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwako_Fujitani=Miwako Fujitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiho_Fujimura=Shiho Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maki_Mizuno=Maki Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika_Markham=Kika Markham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Hosokawa=Naomi Hosokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Railsback=Steve Railsback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Sasanuma=Akira Sasanuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsu_Shiratori=Tetsu Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Akisada=Rio Akisada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Akino=Yoko Akino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narimi_Arimori=Narimi Arimori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumi_Sakuma=Kumi Sakuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issei_Miyazaki=Issei Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Takahata=Atsuko Takahata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyomi_Asai=Kiyomi Asai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Hada=Michiko Hada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Mabuchi=Erika Mabuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narumi_Yasuda=Narumi Yasuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Yamaguchi=Tomoko Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Thomas_(actress)=Sarah Thomas (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriko_Watanabe=Eriko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Wakamura=Mayumi Wakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Watanabe=Noriko Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Toda=Keiko Toda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Yamamoto=Mirai Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riona_Hazuki=Riona Hazuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmin_St._Claire=Jasmin St. Claire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Starks=Carol Starks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Light_(actor)=John Light (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoya_Kawano=Otoya Kawano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Kuroki=Hitomi Kuroki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Mita=Hiroko Mita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomiko_Ishii=Tomiko Ishii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoyo_Harada=Tomoyo Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shima_Iwashita=Shima Iwashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Oguri=Kaori Oguri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Ohara=Reiko Ohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Oka_(actress)=Ayumi Oka (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Ogawa_(singer)=Noriko Ogawa (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selina_Jen=Selina Jen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Okamoto=Yukiko Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotono_Shibuya=Kotono Shibuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoko_Shibuya=Momoko Shibuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Xuan=Zhou Xuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoka_Kurotani=Tomoka Kurotani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Ninagawa=Yuki Ninagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Hagino=Takashi Hagino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolo_Yeung=Bolo Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Yamamoto=Mayumi Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuko_Yamamoto=Natsuko Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Takahashi=Keiko Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Mizuno=Miki Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chieko_Honda=Chieko Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawa_Ishige=Sawa Ishige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Matsumoto=Miwa Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Smet=Laura Smet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Hui=Ricky Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misako_Konno=Misako Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahiru_Konno=Mahiru Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Nomura=Michiko Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuko_Sugiyama=Kazuko Sugiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Yen=Donnie Yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Takahashi_(actress)=Kaori Takahashi (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fubuki_Takane=Fubuki Takane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Takashima=Reiko Takashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Takeshita=Keiko Takeshita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikari_Ishida=Hikari Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Gamblin=Jacques Gamblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukimasa_Kishino=Yukimasa Kishino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiyoko_Kawashima=Chiyoko Kawashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chishu_Ryu=Chishu Ryu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Toyoshima=Machiko Toyoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Takahashi_(actress)=Hitomi Takahashi (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Tanaka=Yoshiko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Muzhi=Yuan Muzhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotaro_Koizumi=Kotaro Koizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Urawa=Megumi Urawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Takagi=Miho Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Tachibana=Yukari Tachibana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Knyvette=Sally Knyvette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Le_Bihan=Samuel Le Bihan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chizuru_Ikewaki=Chizuru Ikewaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Ishida=Yuriko Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshino_Kimura=Yoshino Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tae_Kimura=Tae Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Siao=Josephine Siao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idy_Chan=Idy Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinnosuke_Furumoto=Shinnosuke Furumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Moriguchi=Yoko Moriguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsumi_Osawa=Itsumi Osawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Wally=Gustaf Wally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsumi_Suzuki=Katsumi Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Asano=Mayumi Asano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seika_Kuze=Seika Kuze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Smith_(actor)=Stuart Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honami_Tajima=Honami Tajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fawcett_(actor)=John Fawcett (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Lin=Brigitte Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kemble=Roger Kemble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekin_Cheng=Ekin Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Holland_(actor)=Charles Holland (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruka_Suenaga=Haruka Suenaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuji_Mori=Katsuji Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hou=Patty Hou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Knepp=Elizabeth Knepp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_Kosakiewicz=Olga Kosakiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Aston=Anthony Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majandra_Delfino=Majandra Delfino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Ye_(actor)=Liu Ye (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_Drysdale=Kathryn Drysdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Horiuchi=Masami Horiuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayoko_Kishimoto=Kayoko Kishimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Dara=Jean Dara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Mihara=Junko Mihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Johnson=Benjamin Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenix_Kwok=Kenix Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsubasa_Akimoto=Tsubasa Akimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maki_Meguro=Maki Meguro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Higashide=Noriko Higashide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Kawada=Atsuko Kawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Van_Ville=Max Van Ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_le_Bargy=Charles le Bargy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Hendley=Fiona Hendley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Chaplin=Carmen Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Mok=Karen Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Eklund=Bengt Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fylgia_Zadig=Fylgia Zadig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsumi_Fukuma=Mutsumi Fukuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Fujima=Miho Fujima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Kishi=Keiko Kishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruriko_Asaoka=Ruriko Asaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tae_Hitoto=Tae Hitoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicia_Chin=Felicia Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Patterson=Sarah Patterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Beevers=Geoffrey Beevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Daolin=Sun Daolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Battersea=Sam Battersea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Volter=Philippe Volter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Del_Val=Jean Del Val
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Tsumura=Makoto Tsumura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Chong=Michelle Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Evans=Norman Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen_Raymond=Aileen Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_Carson=Silas Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Fisher=India Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Bowerman=Lisa Bowerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Wei=Zhao Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakira_Caine=Shakira Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Ooms=Amanda Ooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Lee=Shannon Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Martin=Trevor Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Jahan=Marine Jahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Marks_(performer)=Jack Marks (performer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainie_Yang=Rainie Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Lane_(actress)=Jackie Lane (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_Aw=Jeanette Aw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Stuart=Jeanne Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estelle_Skornik=Estelle Skornik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_Carvic=Heron Carvic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Garrel=Maurice Garrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Finch=Flora Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Cox=Julie Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyanne_Thorne=Dyanne Thorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilber_Pan=Wilber Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Yue=Shawn Yue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Tsang=Kenneth Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexia_Portal=Alexia Portal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Demouy=Vanessa Demouy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Shimizu_(voice_actress)=Kaori Shimizu (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takumi_Yamazaki=Takumi Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Yamaguchi=Mayumi Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Tsang=Eric Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hall_(actor)=Charlie Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Kwok=Roger Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_West=Anita West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Fu_Sheng=Alexander Fu Sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Wong=Race Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adia_Chan=Adia Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Hurwitz=Mitchell Hurwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Shimura=Yumi Shimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akane_Omae=Akane Omae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Nakano=Kumiko Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelique_Boyer=Angelique Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumi_Aki=Izumi Aki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuriko_Namino=Kuriko Namino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inger_Nilsson=Inger Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Essell=Eileen Essell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hsuan=Jessica Hsuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Koo=Louis Koo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Tiddy=Kim Tiddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umi_Tenjin=Umi Tenjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babette_Bardot=Babette Bardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Coffey=Denise Coffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Yamaguchi=Yoshiko Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Carlson=Veronica Carlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hogg_(actor)=Ian Hogg (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nettleton_(actor)=John Nettleton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasunori_Masutani=Yasunori Masutani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumi_Kasahara=Rumi Kasahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Kwan=Shirley Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedli_Anderson=Hedli Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Peel=Edward Peel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kobayashi=Akira Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Ayres=Fraser Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Heard=Daphne Heard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Blake=Gillian Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chihiro_Otsuka=Chihiro Otsuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Adamsdale=Will Adamsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Chesnais=Patrick Chesnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Latham=Philip Latham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Aubrey=Jimmy Aubrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Christmas=Eric Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Ault=Marie Ault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Pearlman=Michael Pearlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Muroi=Shigeru Muroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hollis=John Hollis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Chaffey=John Chaffey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Blier=Bernard Blier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Xiao_Ling_Tong=Liu Xiao Ling Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Bee=Kenny Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Chan=Jordan Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Taylor=Joanna Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakin_Chau=Wakin Chau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Shiu=Maggie Shiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Kobayashi=Masahiro Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiten_Kusunoki=Taiten Kusunoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Ma=Wu Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lam_Ching-ying=Lam Ching-ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiro_Izumi=Shiro Izumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Davies=Geoffrey Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Liu=Gordon Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Horovitch=David Horovitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Moriyama=Mirai Moriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenda_De_Banzie=Brenda De Banzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Yifei=Liu Yifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lloyd-Pack=Charles Lloyd-Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noname_Jane=Noname Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Wu=Vivian Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Dupontel=Albert Dupontel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Patrick_(actor)=Nick Patrick (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Leung=Edmond Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endy_Chow=Endy Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Cheung=Julian Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lam=George Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Fong_(singer)=Alex Fong (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_To=Chapman To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Marchand=Colette Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Mitchell_(actor)=Hugh Mitchell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Herdman=Joshua Herdman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_Luckham=Cyril Luckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_A._Cooper=George A. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Melia=Michael Melia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimi_Iwasaki=Yoshimi Iwasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siv_Ericks=Siv Ericks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Ishida_(actress)=Ayumi Ishida (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Buxton=Judy Buxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Funnell=Jenny Funnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnelly_Rhodes=Donnelly Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikko_Matsuoka=Kikko Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Yung=Barbara Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Pang=Adrian Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norito_Yashima=Norito Yashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Yamamoto=Maria Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Pyott=Keith Pyott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Randall=Walter Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nokes=James Nokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Cheung=Roy Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Maskall=Jake Maskall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Nakagawa=Anna Nakagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Locke=Katherine Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Fitzwiliam=Neil Fitzwiliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellyanne_Farquhar=Kellyanne Farquhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Maynard=Patricia Maynard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kanda=Sayaka Kanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineko_Nishikawa=Mineko Nishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Lam=Sandy Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallen_Lo=Gallen Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiji_Asaoka=Yukiji Asaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Chow=Vivian Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chingmy_Yau=Chingmy Yau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Reid_(actress)=Alex Reid (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Miyaji=Mao Miyaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Webster_(actor)=Ben Webster (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Asaka=Mayumi Asaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_Bhatti=Babar Bhatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Knowles_(actor)=Michael Knowles (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorris_Bowdon=Dorris Bowdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Ng=Melissa Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Maeda_(voice_actress)=Ai Maeda (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmaine_Sheh=Charmaine Sheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Xiaoqing=Liu Xiaoqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Berling=Charles Berling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Wu=Daniel Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Tam_(actor)=Patrick Tam (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_Chu=Athena Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiara_Mastroianni=Chiara Mastroianni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Austin=Michele Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ofo_Uhiara=Ofo Uhiara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Boht=Jean Boht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathon_Morris=Jonathon Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilly_Coman=Gilly Coman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Conway=Nick Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Milmoe=Caroline Milmoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Byatt=Sharon Byatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Phillips-Lane=Joanna Phillips-Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Grant=Deborah Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Chan_(actor)=Danny Chan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josette_Simon=Josette Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Lang=Howard Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Blin=Roger Blin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Pacey=Steven Pacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_White=Frances White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Cheng=Joyce Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Chan=Sunny Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Jones_(actor)=Griffith Jones (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJ_Lin=JJ Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Brake=Patricia Brake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Bell=Rachel Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Power=Camilla Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwong_Wa=Kwong Wa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Emerick=Louis Emerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brill=Charlie Brill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Sinclair=Belinda Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Yuchun=Li Yuchun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bergman=Henry Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Gardner=Catherine Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Tse=Patrick Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Burns_(actor)=Nicholas Burns (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Peters=Molly Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patric_Doonan=Patric Doonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Thomas=Clare Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiu_Chi-ling=Chiu Chi-ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Raven_(actor)=David Raven (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Jury=Chris Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicky_Cheung=Dicky Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Cheung_(actor)=Steven Cheung (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_James=Heather James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stina_Ekblad=Stina Ekblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Meade=Mary Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Gruber_(actor)=Franz Gruber (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Hao_(actress)=Chen Hao (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Yeung=Shirley Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Cadman=Stacey Cadman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Kar-leung=Lau Kar-leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Swanwick=Peter Swanwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hardy=Linda Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Kwan=Kenny Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Perrier=Denise Perrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_Lai=Gigi Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandrine_Kiberlain=Sandrine Kiberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Hermantier=Raymond Hermantier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Brook=Faith Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xie_Shaoguang=Xie Shaoguang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tay_Ping_Hui=Tay Ping Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_McGann=Stephen McGann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Drinkel=Keith Drinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Wakabayashi=Akiko Wakabayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephy_Tang=Stephy Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Fu=Theresa Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kary_Ng=Kary Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Yeung=Miki Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Ayres=Rosalind Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Ho=Denise Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masachika_Ichimura=Masachika Ichimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Fujioka=Hiroshi Fujioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Rose=Clifford Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayo_Wong=Dayo Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Larkin=Chris Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papaya_Suzuki=Papaya Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsushi_Kisaichi=Atsushi Kisaichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Rogers=Sally Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Bostrom=Arthur Bostrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Lieh=Lo Lieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Grout=James Grout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Cho=Mandy Cho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ning_Jing=Ning Jing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Skoog=Helge Skoog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tania_Mallet=Tania Mallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akemi_Kanda=Akemi Kanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriette_Deborah_Lacy=Harriette Deborah Lacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Lee_(actress)=Ivy Lee (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Nanxing=Li Nanxing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Seow=Andrew Seow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ainley=Richard Ainley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Lo=Justin Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Tong=Kent Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lee_(Singaporean_actor)=Christopher Lee (Singaporean actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Wang_(actor)=Jimmy Wang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Halstead=Rosalind Halstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Perski=Peter Perski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Chow=Niki Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Plowright=Hilda Plowright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Lucas=Charlotte Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosco_Wong=Bosco Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inday_Ba=Inday Ba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Spencer_Stephens=Harvey Spencer Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Forget=Maud Forget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Sekka=Johnny Sekka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harumi_Ikoma=Harumi Ikoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimie_Shingyoji=Kimie Shingyoji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Lin=Jimmy Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne_Rye=Daphne Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babben_Larsson=Babben Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Austin_(actor)=William Austin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanako_Matsushima=Nanako Matsushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Digges=West Digges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Koon=Ella Koon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Chan=Moses Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Shankley=Amelia Shankley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Kida=Ayumi Kida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_MacKay_(actor)=Angus MacKay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Ekborg=Dan Ekborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per-Axel_Arosenius=Per-Axel Arosenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Perry-Metcalf=Chris Perry-Metcalf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Tsui=Kate Tsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Porter_(actress)=Mary Porter (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_King=Dennis King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Quintrell=Sarah Quintrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Warne=Jo Warne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dany_Verissimo=Dany Verissimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Seale=Douglas Seale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Lindgren=Lisa Lindgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelica_Lee=Angelica Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karena_Lam=Karena Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_Gabriel_Nero=Carlo Gabriel Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavia_Yeung=Tavia Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Lonsdale=Michael Lonsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reine_Brynolfsson=Reine Brynolfsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Slater=Simon Slater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Leach=Rosemary Leach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Emilfork=Daniel Emilfork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Leung=Joey Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_Dudley-Ward=Penelope Dudley-Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Woodvine=Mary Woodvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Ekerot=Bengt Ekerot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravi_Kapoor=Ravi Kapoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Tseng=Jenny Tseng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deric_Wan=Deric Wan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Lund=Sonja Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christer_Boustedt=Christer Boustedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henric_Holmberg=Henric Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Med_Reventberg=Med Reventberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbro_Oborg=Barbro Oborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Holmgren=Rolf Holmgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Schaloske=Yvonne Schaloske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Eggers=Per Eggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Mosesson=Hans Mosesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Kpobie=Joseph Kpobie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Stephen=Susan Stephen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Colgrave_Pope=Kate Colgrave Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Platt=Jenny Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan_Stunt_Team=Jackie Chan Stunt Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Yasuhara=Reiko Yasuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Huang=Stanley Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dany_Robin=Dany Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Guinness=Matthew Guinness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichiro_Ohta=Shinichiro Ohta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ross_(actor)=David Ross (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynne_Miller=Lynne Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Dencik=David Dencik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brett=David Brett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marika_Green=Marika Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carman_Lee=Carman Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Kok=Derek Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Steiner=John Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaho_Minami=Kaho Minami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youki_Kudoh=Youki Kudoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Chang_(singer)=Jeff Chang (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Yung=Yvonne Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caryn_Richman=Caryn Richman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misa_Uehara_(actress,_born_1937)=Misa Uehara (actress, born 1937)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Biren=Huang Biren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lee_(comedian)=Mark Lee (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_Gillett=Aden Gillett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chew_Chor_Meng=Chew Chor Meng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qi_Yuwu=Qi Yuwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Lamb=Jan Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zena_Marshall=Zena Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavis_Fan=Mavis Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ng_Man-tat=Ng Man-tat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Ling_Po=Ivy Ling Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gooderson=David Gooderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Flint-Shipman=Piers Flint-Shipman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Sit=Fiona Sit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lui=Mark Lui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl_de_Zoete=Beryl de Zoete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Kuroki=Marina Kuroki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen_Tan=Aileen Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiang_Yun=Xiang Yun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoko_Yonekura=Ryoko Yonekura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Jen=Richie Jen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belita=Belita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoku_Shioya=Yoku Shioya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Gong=Feng Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boulanger=Daniel Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xuejian=Li Xuejian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Pang=Diana Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Bolin=Chen Bolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Wilson-Jones=Anna Wilson-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemima_Abey=Jemima Abey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Kwan=Rosamund Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Michaels_(actor)=David Michaels (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Nagasaku=Hiromi Nagasaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Uemura=Noriko Uemura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Kashiwakura=Tsutomu Kashiwakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narumi_Tsunoda=Narumi Tsunoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriko_Hara=Eriko Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Suzuka=Chiharu Suzuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanae_Takagi=Sanae Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shino_Kakinuma=Shino Kakinuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taeko_Nakanishi=Taeko Nakanishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Ng=Ron Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Wu=Kenji Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katja_Kassin=Katja Kassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Lui=Ray Lui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Au=Sharon Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebe_Tien=Hebe Tien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Glanzelius=Anton Glanzelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernice_Liu=Bernice Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuma_Takewaka=Takuma Takewaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshino_Takamori=Yoshino Takamori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Bingbing=Fan Bingbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Nahon=Philippe Nahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Bozzuffi=Marcel Bozzuffi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivana_Wong=Ivana Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Hartman=Kim Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_Chou=Collin Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Constantin=Michel Constantin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinako_Saeki=Hinako Saeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiho_Kikuchi=Shiho Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Montez=Mario Montez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Milhaud=Madeleine Milhaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xiaolu=Li Xiaolu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Elliot=Su Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issey_Ogata=Issey Ogata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madoka_Kimura=Madoka Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahito_Tsujimura=Mahito Tsujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Nash=Simon Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hopkins_(actor)=John Hopkins (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Dalle=Peter Dalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Okada=Eiji Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Tse=Kay Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshie_Negishi=Toshie Negishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Nishina=Akiko Nishina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cooper_(actor)=Charles Cooper (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayu_Tsuruta=Mayu Tsuruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Sawyer=Toby Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huggy_Leaver=Huggy Leaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Patten=Alice Patten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanichi_Kurita=Kanichi Kurita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Farley=Rupert Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Lin=Kelly Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Bernard=Sam Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Au-yeung=Bobby Au-yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wildman=Michael Wildman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_King_(comedian)=Matt King (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikiya_Otaka=Rikiya Otaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francine_Brody=Francine Brody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Hopf_(actor)=Heinz Hopf (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Gunn=Margo Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Standing_(actor)=Michael Standing (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomo_Saeki=Tomo Saeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Fukui=Yukari Fukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Yamaguchi=Takayuki Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoe_Hanba=Tomoe Hanba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Pleavin=Andrew Pleavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Leaf=Richard Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Chen=Adam Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Sandoval=Esther Sandoval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mie_Hama=Mie Hama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Leung=Sammy Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolga_Safer=Tolga Safer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darry_Cowl=Darry Cowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takako_Katou=Takako Katou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoki_Yanagi=Naoki Yanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Campbell_(actor)=Adam Campbell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Ang=Joshua Ang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Nakajima=Michiyo Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah-Jane_Varley=Sarah-Jane Varley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasmond_Koh=Dasmond Koh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Kemp=Charlie Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Kobayashi_(voice_actor)=Akiko Kobayashi (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuka_Hasegawa=Shizuka Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayako_Nigo=Mayako Nigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisayoshi_Suganuma=Hisayoshi Suganuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erino_Hazuki=Erino Hazuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sian_Webber=Sian Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Gish=Lou Gish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Chiang=Mandy Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Davion=Geoffrey Davion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihide_Wakamatsu=Toshihide Wakamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Heywood=Joanne Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleur_Bennett=Fleur Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Poppe=Nils Poppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enid_Stamp_Taylor=Enid Stamp Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion_Lam=Dion Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Green=Andrea Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Lu=Lisa Lu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Chiu=Connie Chiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Savva=Anna Savva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Anan=Kenji Anan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiaki_Karasawa=Toshiaki Karasawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakazu_Tamura=Masakazu Tamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Shaw_(actor)=Steve Shaw (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Cooke=Kirsten Cooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Hodge=Sue Hodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myolie_Wu=Myolie Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutaka_Takenouchi=Yutaka Takenouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Perry_(British_actor)=Jeffrey Perry (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rui_En=Rui En
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Heffer=Richard Heffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Watson=Jonathan Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Newth=Jonathan Newth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Greenstreet=Mark Greenstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vahina_Giocante=Vahina Giocante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Trueman=Brian Trueman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Braithwaite=Lilian Braithwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Dandan=Song Dandan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_O'Farrell=Maureen O'Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debby_Bishop=Debby Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ellis_(actor)=Jack Ellis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Chan=Flora Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Matsuura=Eleanor Matsuura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Lambert=Annie Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rena_Tanaka=Rena Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Lewis_(actress)=Lorna Lewis (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Atkins=Coral Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Hong_(actress)=Chen Hong (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshihiko_Nakajima=Toshihiko Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Woof=Emily Woof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Okamoto=Maya Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Yamauchi=Sayuri Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Eklund=Jakob Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikard_Wolff=Rikard Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Ishimura=Tomoko Ishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyo-sei=Hyo-sei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_Sterke=Jeanette Sterke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Murphy=Katy Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Frankham=David Frankham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Mao=Angela Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwan_Tak-hing=Kwan Tak-hing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Clive=Kitty Clive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Newark=Derek Newark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Costa=Sam Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Motoi=Emi Motoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takehiro_Murozono=Takehiro Murozono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Bichang=Zhou Bichang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_Gregory=Celia Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Tranchell=Chris Tranchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Kahn=Brigitte Kahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ema_Kogure=Ema Kogure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Fry=Nina Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oma_Ichimura=Oma Ichimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Slaughter_(actress)=Jane Slaughter (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Ishizu=Aya Ishizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ola_Rapace=Ola Rapace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiho_Kawaragi=Shiho Kawaragi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Hibiki=Ayaka Hibiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Frances_Dana=Muriel Frances Dana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieko_Harada=Mieko Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisako_Manda=Hisako Manda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiharu_Sakurai=Toshiharu Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Hanwei=Chen Hanwei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Fothergill=Miles Fothergill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Wilkin=Jeremy Wilkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Philpin=Harriet Philpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Lees_Price=Janet Lees Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Parry=Rob Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bird_(actor)=Richard Bird (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Plowright=Louise Plowright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Kosuge=Mami Kosuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Hole=Joanna Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Urquhart=Philippa Urquhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Mickery=Lizzie Mickery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyousei_Tsukui=Kyousei Tsukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Rikimaru=Noriko Rikimaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiya_Ueda=Toshiya Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazunari_Tanaka=Kazunari Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Dutton=Simon Dutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikuo_Nishikawa=Ikuo Nishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Garbutt=James Garbutt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Yamada=Miho Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Ng=Sandra Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Helsby=Eileen Helsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hallet=John Hallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Kalfon=Jean-Pierre Kalfon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fung=Stephen Fung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Matsumoto=Megumi Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takako_Tokiwa=Takako Tokiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ittoku_Kishibe=Ittoku Kishibe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Takizawa=Kumiko Takizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Yasuda=Miwa Yasuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Denicourt=Marianne Denicourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Lee_(actor)=Sam Lee (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiko_Sawada=Toshiko Sawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Dullin=Charles Dullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Xiuhuan=Chen Xiuhuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Emoto=Akira Emoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Okusu=Michiyo Okusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akifumi_Miura=Akifumi Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koen_Kondo=Koen Kondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takatoshi_Kaneko=Takatoshi Kaneko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Igarashi=Rei Igarashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Shimakata=Junko Shimakata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Nakayama=Sara Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Kashiwagi=Yukiko Kashiwagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Hagimori=Junko Hagimori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Asoh=Kaori Asoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Culliford=James Culliford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roddy_Maude-Roxby=Roddy Maude-Roxby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teruyuki_Kagawa=Teruyuki Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Humphreys=Nigel Humphreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kelly_(actor)=Tom Kelly (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bryans=John Bryans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuyuki_Sogabe=Kazuyuki Sogabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Okina=Megumi Okina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariko_Suzuki=Mariko Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yui_Ichikawa=Yui Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Forgione=Carl Forgione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Tate=Stephen Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Sherwin=Jane Sherwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primi_Townsend=Primi Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Curry=Shaun Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Chan=Rebecca Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fares_Fares=Fares Fares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Kawase_(actor)=Akiko Kawase (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lindsay_(actor)=William Lindsay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Davies=Rachel Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Scoggo=Tony Scoggo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Blatch=Helen Blatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Manship=Deborah Manship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Scully=Terry Scully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_Baxter=Lois Baxter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Stewart=Roy Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Glennie=Alison Glennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Molander=Gustaf Molander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Harris=Dean Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Henfrey=Janet Henfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Spaull=Colin Spaull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Walsh_(actor)=Terry Walsh (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Arliss=Ralph Arliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Barritt=Ian Barritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Langford=Robin Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Jayne=Keith Jayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Galloway=Jack Galloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Hall_(actor)=Frederick Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Williams_(actress)=Wendy Williams (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Grellis=Brian Grellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Herrick=Roy Herrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Pegge=Edmund Pegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Page=June Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Logan=Crawford Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Nyman=Lena Nyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Matsumoto=Dai Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsumi_Toriumi=Katsumi Toriumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Bland=June Bland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Sabin=Alec Sabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Clifford=Clare Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Laurimore=Jon Laurimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Masuyama=Eiko Masuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konami_Yoshida=Konami Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Aizawa=Keiko Aizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Newell=Michelle Newell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prue_Clarke=Prue Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Rowbottom=Jo Rowbottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Morant=Angela Morant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Mahoney=Louis Mahoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Miller_(actor)=Brian Miller (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Tezuka=Chiharu Tezuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishia_Bennison=Ishia Bennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Ishizuka=Rie Ishizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vahey=Robert Vahey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Lam=Sarah Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Pountney=Graham Pountney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Penry-Jones=Peter Penry-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rolfe_(actor)=John Rolfe (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_Lehne=Fredric Lehne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Coonan=Daniel Coonan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Wayborn=Kristina Wayborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuaki_Hoshino=Mitsuaki Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_Kouda=Naoko Kouda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozue_Yoshizumi=Kozue Yoshizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lindgren_(actor)=Peter Lindgren (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Baines=Kate Baines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida_Hallgren=Frida Hallgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lintern=Richard Lintern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Peh=Joanne Peh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mioko_Fujiwara=Mioko Fujiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_McManus_(British_actor)=Jim McManus (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Want=Lorna Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Taguchi=Hiroko Taguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsumi_Yanase=Natsumi Yanase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Blumenau=Colin Blumenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Wilson=Andreas Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Relph=George Relph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmaine_Li=Charmaine Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devang_Patel=Devang Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Bingbing=Li Bingbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Fontaine=Eva Fontaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Kurizuka=Asahi Kurizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Glover=Jon Glover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ran_Ito=Ran Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Lam=Raymond Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Shiraishi=Minoru Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_McErlane=Maria McErlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwako_Ichikawa=Miwako Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinji_Kawada=Shinji Kawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariyon_Bakare=Ariyon Bakare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuuki_Matsuda=Yuuki Matsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammul_Chan=Sammul Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonija_Kwok=Sonija Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Ford=Mick Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Chan=Sharon Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Boidron=Emmanuelle Boidron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Tong=Leila Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kee_Thuan_Chye=Kee Thuan Chye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minori_Matsushima=Minori Matsushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takanori_Hoshino=Takanori Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisuke_Asakura=Eisuke Asakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Yachigusa=Kaoru Yachigusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki_Nakajima_(voice_actress)=Saki Nakajima (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Li=Don Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norm_Grabowski=Norm Grabowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrianna_Costa=Adrianna Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Weary=Jake Weary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherrie_Ying=Cherrie Ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Mikami=Masashi Mikami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikiko_Miki=Mikiko Miki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Xiaoming=Huang Xiaoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Haye=Helen Haye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kerridge=Mary Kerridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Morton=Clive Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Shintani=Mayumi Shintani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Takemoto=Eiji Takemoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Sakai=Kanako Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Cunningham=Dan Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Collier=Ian Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Thin_Elk=Ted Thin Elk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Chung=Linda Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Deadman=Derek Deadman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Chien-chou=Chen Chien-chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Yau=Benny Yau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Cartwright_(actor)=Ben Cartwright (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Lorit=Jean-Pierre Lorit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_Hsu=Barbie Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Robson=Samantha Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Chen=Joe Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikako_Ichikawa=Mikako Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Firth=Julian Firth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Kennedy_(actor)=Patrick Kennedy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Chang=Angela Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Sakazume=Takayuki Sakazume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuko_Yuya=Atsuko Yuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Qinqin=Jiang Qinqin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Tao=Liu Tao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Satouchi=Shinobu Satouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akimitsu_Takase=Akimitsu Takase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosuke_Ikematsu=Sosuke Ikematsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Wan=Eric Wan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Lee_(actor)=Shawn Lee (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Ma=Steven Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Cheng=Kevin Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Mashiba=Mari Mashiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Verrey=David Verrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikuya_Sawaki=Ikuya Sawaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Kawai=Yoshio Kawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_(voice_actress)=Kaori (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Chou=Lawrence Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daizen_Shishido=Daizen Shishido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanji_Hase=Sanji Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Miyauchi=Hiroshi Miyauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Kosakiewicz=Wanda Kosakiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotomi_Kyono=Kotomi Kyono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Rice=Joan Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Renaud=Madeleine Renaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Parkes=Shaun Parkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Sardou=Jackie Sardou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Kanie=Eiji Kanie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelda_Holmes=Kelda Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronny_Jhutti=Ronny Jhutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuyo_Aoki=Kazuyo Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Yada=Minoru Yada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Standing=Richard Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuki_Matsushita=Miyuki Matsushita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Nissen=Brian Nissen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Aratama=Michiyo Aratama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Kimura=Isao Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Chiaki=Minoru Chiaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisashi_Igawa=Hisashi Igawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokuzen_Hidari=Bokuzen Hidari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Miyaguchi=Seiji Miyaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tzi_Ma=Tzi Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wan_Kwong=Wan Kwong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_(actor)=Rufus (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunie_Tanaka=Kunie Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Pierce=Gareth Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Karahashi=Mitsuru Karahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takamasa_Suga=Takamasa Suga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohisa_Yuge=Tomohisa Yuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asami_Kai=Asami Kai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Norton=Deborah Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kento_Handa=Kento Handa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Mizorogi=Ken Mizorogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leilani_Gaja=Leilani Gaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsushi_Harada=Atsushi Harada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuyuki_Murai=Katsuyuki Murai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Chan=Connie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carly_Hillman=Carly Hillman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Peyton=Ben Peyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Alhanko=Josephine Alhanko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Hultgren=Petra Hultgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernanda_Marlowe=Fernanda Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Omambala=Chu Omambala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Luo=Show Luo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Daniel=Jennifer Daniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Chang=Sylvia Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Benton=Jessica Benton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Shaw=Paula Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Locke=Harry Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Rhodes=Marjorie Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Komiya=Kazue Komiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Takahashi=Miki Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Griffiths_Malin=Emma Griffiths Malin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Wong=Dave Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Lo=Ken Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Tsubaki=Takayuki Tsubaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fala_Chen=Fala Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Mogi=Shigeru Mogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Yip=Gloria Yip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Nozawa=Yukari Nozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Yamanouchi=Masato Yamanouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Shiraishi=Miho Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Qian_(actress)=Li Qian (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teru_Shimada=Teru Shimada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hewer=John Hewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Carson=Jeannie Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Sassard=Jacqueline Sassard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leanne_Li=Leanne Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Manesse=Gaspard Manesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yang_(director)=Zhang Yang (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavis_Hee=Mavis Hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo-Anne_Knowles=Jo-Anne Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Wooland=Norman Wooland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Latimer_(actor)=Hugh Latimer (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declan_Mulholland=Declan Mulholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_del_Mundo=Liza del Mundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomomi_Miyashita=Tomomi Miyashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Ko=Alan Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Young_(actress)=Charlie Young (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vickery_Turner=Vickery Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Teo=Nicholas Teo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Hall_(actor)=Adrian Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Wu=Nicky Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Beresford=Benjamin Beresford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bull=Peter Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Rapaport=Alexandra Rapaport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Nielsen=Petra Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Brailsford=Pauline Brailsford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Chan=Ellen Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takaaki_Ishibashi=Takaaki Ishibashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Littler=Matt Littler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Hamamura=Michiko Hamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Morgan_(actor)=Mike Morgan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvil_Poupaud=Melvil Poupaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Van_Ost=Valerie Van Ost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Cordero=Maria Cordero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shearer=Paul Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_O'Connolly=Jim O'Connolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Bakewell=Gary Bakewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Galabru=Michel Galabru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cheng=Joe Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anneli_Alhanko=Anneli Alhanko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Robinson_(actress)=Lucy Robinson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Allen=Joy Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Middlemiss=Philip Middlemiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah_Niu=Ah Niu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Anthony_Pearson=James Anthony Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylie_Watson=Wylie Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_Souleyman=Gem Souleyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemarie_Ford=Rosemarie Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeru_Shibaki=Takeru Shibaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Xun=Zhou Xun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chan=William Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Anderson,_Jr.=Michael Anderson, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Summerfield=Eleanor Summerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Toyonaga=Toshiyuki Toyonaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Mi=Yang Mi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koji_Yamamoto_(actor)=Koji Yamamoto (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margit_Carlqvist=Margit Carlqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Stephenson=Nicola Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Tokunaga=Ai Tokunaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Zuckerman=Lillian Zuckerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Hong=Apple Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Takahashi=Mai Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Yip=Wilson Yip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Doughty=Kenny Doughty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Putra=Jonathan Putra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Geng=Han Geng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyotaka_Imai=Kiyotaka Imai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anzu_Nagai=Anzu Nagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Fong_(actor)=Alex Fong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Neubert=Julie Neubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Koh=Cynthia Koh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Ono=Kenichi Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalis_Chan=Natalis Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Thomas=Ryan Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Hutchinson=Jenny Hutchinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shauna_Macdonald=Shauna Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Palk=Anna Palk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerstin_Tidelius=Kerstin Tidelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Akiya=Tomoko Akiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Kiely=Terry Kiely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Meagher=Karen Meagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorke_Sherwood=Yorke Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Jefferson=Stacy Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shrapnel=John Shrapnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Zheng=Megan Zheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Ye=Michelle Ye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddug_Williams=Buddug Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_Watanabe_(voice_actress)=Naoko Watanabe (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomiko_Suzuki=Tomiko Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gaminara=William Gaminara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Kawashima=Naomi Kawashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Dutton=Tim Dutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Halliwell=Steve Halliwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Hartman=Billy Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Martin_(actor)=Peter Martin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Campbell=Cleveland Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Higginson=Julie Higginson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graeme_Hawley=Graeme Hawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Pearson=Megan Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Jinglei=Xu Jinglei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonya_Fitzpatrick=Sonya Fitzpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Lam=Bowie Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjeld_Gogosha-Clark=Kjeld Gogosha-Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valen_Hsu=Valen Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Stevenson_(comedian)=Jeff Stevenson (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alun_Lewis_(actor)=Alun Lewis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Foster=Julia Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanji_Tsuda=Kanji Tsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Smith_(actor)=Neville Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Durkin=Barbara Durkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Skipper=Susan Skipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Hallerstam=Leo Hallerstam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenie_Chu=Queenie Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlaine_Gordon=Marlaine Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Hamilton_(actress)=Gabrielle Hamilton (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Chao=Winston Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Heyland=Rob Heyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Jun=Hu Jun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_Li=Selena Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Luk=Sharon Luk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Kurup=Helen Kurup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Knight_(actor)=Don Knight (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Kuga=Yoshiko Kuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Xu=Zhu Xu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrie_Taylor=Kerrie Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisayo_Mochizuki=Hisayo Mochizuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako_(voice_actress)=Mako (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacquie_Lyn=Jacquie Lyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ado_Endoh=Ado Endoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherie_Chung=Cherie Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Audsley=Nicholas Audsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Kelsey=Ian Kelsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filip_Berg=Filip Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_McGregor=Kate McGregor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale_Meeks=Dale Meeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertil_Malmberg=Bertil Malmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Rogers_(actor)=Paul Rogers (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollie-Jay_Bowes=Hollie-Jay Bowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Hale=Monte Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinichi_Tsutsumi=Shinichi Tsutsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiru_Yuimoto=Michiru Yuimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuo_Kawamura=Takuo Kawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chizuko_Hoshino=Chizuko Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Gibson-Howell=Patricia Gibson-Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Tong=Angela Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgie_Glen=Georgie Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciara_Janson=Ciara Janson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah-Jane_Potts=Sarah-Jane Potts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essy_Persson=Essy Persson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Jay_Lewis=Matthew Jay Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Yule=Fred Yule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Boxer=Stephen Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Fitzroy=Emily Fitzroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Yanagisawa=Michiyo Yanagisawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshie_Taira=Yoshie Taira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesseca_Liu=Jesseca Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Bennett_(actor)=Tom Bennett (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomi_Masu=Nozomi Masu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Cope=Martha Cope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Riley_(actor)=Tom Riley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Harcourt=James Harcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Tsang=Bowie Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Tomelty=Frances Tomelty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Junli=Zheng Junli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Lin=Ariel Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Naka=Hiroshi Naka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Coulthard=Ray Coulthard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Marchant_(actor)=Stephen Marchant (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Wade=Stuart Wade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Booth_(actor)=Matthew Booth (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hawkins_(British_actor)=Michael Hawkins (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Kun=Chen Kun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruki_Matsukawa=Naruki Matsukawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Sarossy=Steve Sarossy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Cruse=Susan Cruse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taro_Yamaguchi=Taro Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Onozuka=Takashi Onozuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Nagatomo=Tatsuya Nagatomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kobayashi=Sayaka Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren_Yexiang=Ren Yexiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Carpio=Teresa Carpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mugambwa_Sseruwagi=Mugambwa Sseruwagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Cunliffe=Freddie Cunliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Janbell=Ingrid Janbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Lo=Candy Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Robson=Simon Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danielle_Lyndon=Danielle Lyndon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Harries=Julian Harries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Hanamura=Satomi Hanamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Sekiguchi=Mai Sekiguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kamiya=Sayaka Kamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Iwamura=Ai Iwamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Raymond=Gary Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Paul_Harvey=Adam Paul Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabou_Breitman=Zabou Breitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Le=Bruce Le
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amita_Dhiri=Amita Dhiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_Cassidy=Raquel Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Cheng=Ronald Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Segal=Jeffrey Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Acton=Dawn Acton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Aspinall=Ian Aspinall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babita_Pohoomull=Babita Pohoomull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Dreyfus=Jean-Claude Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ady_An=Ady An
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Horikoshi=Mami Horikoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Yeo=Vivien Yeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Ohara=Noriko Ohara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Connor=Alice Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Robin=Teddy Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Asou=Yumi Asou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Mitsuishi=Ken Mitsuishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Murakami=Jun Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Fukaura=Kanako Fukaura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Chen=Edison Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Heung=Anne Heung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Campbell_Moore=Stephen Campbell Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiichi_Noda=Keiichi Noda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Li_(actress)=Nina Li (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keaton_Yamada=Keaton Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutaka_Matsushige=Yutaka Matsushige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazunari_Kojima=Kazunari Kojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathryn_Harrison=Cathryn Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Naruse=Mia Naruse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Barry=Alice Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayano_Niina=Ayano Niina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Lam=Frankie Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoyo_Mung=Yoyo Mung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisaya_Morishige=Hisaya Morishige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cowley=Richard Cowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Bryan_(16th-century_actor)=George Bryan (16th-century actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Atterton=Edward Atterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Brooks=Jessica Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Mikami=Hiroshi Mikami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maho_Toyota=Maho Toyota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuji_Kashiwabara=Shuji Kashiwabara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Chiang=David Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Woodward=Victoria Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Chen-yue=Chang Chen-yue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Nomura=Mami Nomura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Watabe=Takeshi Watabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Wakui=Emi Wakui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Uchida=Asahi Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuya_Kobayashi=Katsuya Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshio_Inaba=Yoshio Inaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Lumsden=Geoffrey Lumsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kika_Mirylees=Kika Mirylees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Decker=Jennifer Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomas_Bolme=Tomas Bolme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Shengyi=Huang Shengyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Metcalfe=Jennifer Metcalfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connor_Marsh=Connor Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Longdon=Terence Longdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Chan=Sam Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Armstrong=Linda Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuna_Nishimura=Yuna Nishimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marji_Campi=Marji Campi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Ikeuchi=Hiroyuki Ikeuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoriko_Douguchi=Yoriko Douguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Fubuki=Jun Fubuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Otaka=Akira Otaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Anderson_(English_actor)=James Anderson (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Low=Richard Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lee_(Singaporean_actress)=Margaret Lee (Singaporean actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Chan_(actor)=Benny Chan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Degang=Guo Degang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Plucknett=Victoria Plucknett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siw_Hughes=Siw Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Rees=Shelley Rees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_McGaughey=Nicholas McGaughey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Palfrey=Lisa Palfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Flanagan_(actor)=Mark Flanagan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Hyde=Connie Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Edwards_(actress)=Donna Edwards (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Png=Pierre Png
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Joseph=Michelle Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiro_Kishibe=Shiro Kishibe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gale_(actor)=David Gale (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Bradshaw-White=Luisa Bradshaw-White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Otake=Shinobu Otake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Murota=Hideo Murota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terumi_Niki=Terumi Niki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Yi_(actor)=Lu Yi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Rider=Elizabeth Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etsushi_Toyokawa=Etsushi Toyokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yui_Kano=Yui Kano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ui_Miyazaki=Ui Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marla_Landi=Marla Landi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Churchett=Stephen Churchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_McSweeney=Alex McSweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Bedos=Guy Bedos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_He=Mike He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_West=Norma West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Morrish=Ann Morrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiichi_Nakai=Kiichi Nakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukiko_Takaguchi=Yukiko Takaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Birch_(actor)=Peter Birch (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Roberts_(actor)=Simon Roberts (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyumi_Shiraishi=Fuyumi Shiraishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Grant=Angela Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Auclair=Michel Auclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedric_Smith_(actor)=Cedric Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Heribertson=Bertram Heribertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riku_Moriyama=Riku Moriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanveer_Ghani=Tanveer Ghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Culwick=Marc Culwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Jie=Zhou Jie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Harker=Caroline Harker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_D'Amario=Tony D'Amario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Heathcote=Thomas Heathcote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mayes=Richard Mayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Tanaka_(actor)=Minoru Tanaka (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuo_Senda=Mitsuo Senda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_(actress)=You (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuhisa_Namase=Katsuhisa Namase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Campan=Bernard Campan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Okuda=Eiji Okuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Wang_(actor)=Sam Wang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boulanger=Pierre Boulanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_MacDonald=Lee MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyomitsu_Mizuuchi=Kiyomitsu Mizuuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninia_Benjamin=Ninia Benjamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Goto_(voice_actress)=Mai Goto (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_New=Barbara New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Hudson=Melanie Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Lebor=Stanley Lebor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvin_Ng=Elvin Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Ge=Hu Ge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikage_Awashima=Chikage Awashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_Lau=Winnie Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Darling=Maria Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Snape=William Snape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naho_Toda=Naho Toda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Cao=Terence Cao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayaka_Kinoshita=Sayaka Kinoshita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Yamagata=Kaori Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiron_Self=Keiron Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Peters=Sylvia Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Sato_(actor)=Yuki Sato (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumi_Ochiai=Rumi Ochiai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshizawa_Ayame=Yoshizawa Ayame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Wong_(film_presenter)=Raymond Wong (film presenter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Mo=Teresa Mo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Chan=Sheila Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Walter=Mick Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lally_Bowers=Lally Bowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kang_Cheng_Xi=Kang Cheng Xi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Berrington=Elizabeth Berrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftab_Sachak=Aftab Sachak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Beard_(British_actor)=Matthew Beard (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Michelle=Ann Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Stephens=Ann Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Mari_Adamsson=Ann-Mari Adamsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Sun=Alien Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuki_Okamoto=Natsuki Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Graham_Cox=Michael Graham Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Saburi=Shin Saburi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Baldwin=Judith Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjalmar_Selander=Hjalmar Selander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concordia_Selander=Concordia Selander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Kobayashi=Emi Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Risch=Maurice Risch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Simmons_(voice_actor)=Pat Simmons (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Kinski=Nikolai Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Boath=Freddie Boath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Dubus=Alexis Dubus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Chu=Jacky Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehlo_Huang=Ehlo Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Collins=Karl Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onoe_Shoroku_II=Onoe Shoroku II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayne_Tunnicliffe=Jayne Tunnicliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_To=Alex To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Siu-fai=Cheung Siu-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Uchikawa=Ai Uchikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tern=Alan Tern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokuyoshi_Kawashima=Tokuyoshi Kawashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Fengyi=Zhang Fengyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Moulder-Brown=John Moulder-Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Lopes=Danny Lopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Tang=Joyce Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayo_Matsuo=Kayo Matsuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuyuki_Kobushi=Nobuyuki Kobushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Hailes=Gary Hailes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Malet=Arthur Malet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Smith_(actor)=Sam Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuomi_Takahashi=Mitsuomi Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Fletcher=Diane Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ellison_(British_actor)=David Ellison (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runa_Akiyama=Runa Akiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Buck=David Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Yin=Terence Yin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Hoffman=Erika Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Molander=Jan Molander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Burnham=Jeremy Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geff_Francis=Geff Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Chan=Power Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Konno=Hiromi Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoe_Ohmi=Tomoe Ohmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Olin=Stig Olin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_Gordon=Serena Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Spalding=Mark Spalding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Simmons=Cat Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Richard=Eric Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Etel=Alex Etel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chise_Nakamura=Chise Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Deai=Masayuki Deai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Shanks=Rosalind Shanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayasu_Usui=Takayasu Usui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Davies=Race Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Ko=Matthew Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Kok=Ann Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebba_Hultkvist=Ebba Hultkvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Lau=Wilfred Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Feifei=Sun Feifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Crellin=David Crellin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Wu=Allan Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliana_Donald=Juliana Donald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Gwaspari=Brian Gwaspari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuki_Koga=Mitsuki Koga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiji_Kobayashi=Akiji Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanari_Nihei=Masanari Nihei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Fitzgerald=Walter Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shermon_Tang=Shermon Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsiao_Ho_(actor)=Hsiao Ho (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Curram=Roland Curram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Lane=Sunny Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Oshida=Reiko Oshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Chun=Wu Chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayson_Tan=Rayson Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryoko_Kobayashi=Ryoko Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunji_Fujimura=Shunji Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Yan=Aaron Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Song=Sarah Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Seah=Jade Seah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Tullis_Jr.=Dan Tullis Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_Hsu=Beatrice Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Frankeur=Paul Frankeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torsten_Lilliecrona=Torsten Lilliecrona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumina_Hara=Fumina Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayori_Ishizuka=Sayori Ishizuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Ulving=Jenny Ulving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrie_Gosney=Barrie Gosney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiro_Wang=Jiro Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Kaliz=Armand Kaliz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Ljung=Martin Ljung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Chen=Calvin Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_McDermott=Phil McDermott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Trenfield=Chris Trenfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cole_(actor)=Richard Cole (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Mackintosh=Andrew Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Bould=Sophie Bould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Tong=Natalie Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Hart=Benjamin Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yam_Kim-fai=Yam Kim-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bak_Sheut-sin=Bak Sheut-sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Mizusawa=Jun Mizusawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Gunstock=Ashley Gunstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Williams_(actress)=Natasha Williams (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Crompton=Matthew Crompton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Harrison=Louise Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Cook_(actor)=Simon Cook (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_O'Brien_(actress)=Eileen O'Brien (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Zi=Wei Zi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Betancourt=Mick Betancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacey_Tendeter=Stacey Tendeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Merivale=Philip Merivale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yaodong=Zhang Yaodong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Betts=Nigel Betts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Busby=Tom Busby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Meng=Joey Meng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akio_Nojima=Akio Nojima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideki_Tasaka=Hideki Tasaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Ashforde=Matthew Ashforde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hina_Kamimura=Hina Kamimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Matsunaga=Yuki Matsunaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Kimura_(voice_actress)=Ayaka Kimura (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Kusayanagi=Junko Kusayanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsugumi_Higasayama=Tsugumi Higasayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Yo=Evan Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Mak=Alan Mak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nami_Kurokawa=Nami Kurokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Lee=Becky Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Lima=Frances Lima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Hoyle=Geoff Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Tiphaine=Bernard Tiphaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamaki_Nakanishi=Tamaki Nakanishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_De_Pazzis=Camille De Pazzis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junji_Takada=Junji Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Shigemori=Ayumi Shigemori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Lee-Johnson=Caroline Lee-Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgitta_Valberg=Birgitta Valberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Beaumont=Daisy Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Bromley=Sydney Bromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gao_Yuanyuan=Gao Yuanyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Yamaguchi=Ken Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Meitian=He Meitian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canti_Lau=Canti Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Howard=Barry Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Hisamoto=Masami Hisamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirai_Shida=Mirai Shida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Cheung_(actress)=Teresa Cheung (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Suzuki=Mayumi Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddy_Jallow=Haddy Jallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajay_Chabra=Ajay Chabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Au=Cindy Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngo_Ka-nin=Ngo Ka-nin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Brady=Justin Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Nanty=Isabelle Nanty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Aoyagi=Takashi Aoyagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Drake=Felix Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hanson=Ben Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharla_Cheung=Sharla Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasumi_Suzuki=Kasumi Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Cuny=Alain Cuny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Little=Helena Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Burge=Stuart Burge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Adare=Elizabeth Adare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gerhard=Karl Gerhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timi_Zhuo=Timi Zhuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_(actress)=Beverly Hills (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Uchiyama=Masato Uchiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Griffeth=Simone Griffeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Evans=Jennifer Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Cremin=Patrick Cremin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Mackenzie=Alex Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Huang=Victor Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Ashborn=Clive Ashborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Juan=Ethan Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Innes=George Innes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumie_Baba=Sumie Baba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoshi_Goto=Satoshi Goto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erina_Yamazaki=Erina Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryosei_Konishi=Ryosei Konishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kousei_Yagi=Kousei Yagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asuka_Tanii=Asuka Tanii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuo_Iwata=Yasuo Iwata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Kanda=Rie Kanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fushigi_Yamada=Fushigi Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurumi_Mamiya=Kurumi Mamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Cook=Sophie Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Parnaby=Bert Parnaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Weatherley=David Weatherley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuya_Tatekabe=Kazuya Tatekabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan_Tanaka=Kan Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Hayes=Caroline Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anri_Shiono=Anri Shiono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chequer=Paul Chequer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Giannecchini=Lucia Giannecchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Barjac=Sophie Barjac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Scott_(actor)=Jonathan Scott (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Karlsson=Jonas Karlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thwaites=David Thwaites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuko_Yanaga=Kazuko Yanaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Yokozawa=Keiko Yokozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_Hamnett=Belinda Hamnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisuke_Ryu=Daisuke Ryu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Hanagata=Keiko Hanagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chisato_Nakajima=Chisato Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Squillino,_Jr.=Enzo Squillino, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyuri_Sarossy=Gyuri Sarossy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Adachi=Shinobu Adachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinya_Aikawa=Kinya Aikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Maruo=Tomoko Maruo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaaki_Tsukada=Masaaki Tsukada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiko_Asai=Yoshiko Asai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Fukuhara=Kaori Fukuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erina_Nakayama=Erina Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomi_Sasaki_(voice_actress)=Nozomi Sasaki (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konomi_Maeda=Konomi Maeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_May_Foote=Georgia May Foote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Smith=Mia Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Brown_(actor)=Josh Brown (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Buckley=Matthew Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Herbert=Michelle Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_George_(actor)=Kelly George (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Redfern=Michael Redfern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_Phillips=Gareth Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Victoria_Roberts=Rachel Victoria Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Hyams=Simone Hyams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Mahon=Tina Mahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalaal_Hartley=Jalaal Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_McLean=Fiona McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Masuo=Jun Masuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Alexander=Sacha Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridolf_Rhudin=Fridolf Rhudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_van_der_Plank=Wendy van der Plank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Turner=Bridget Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Caldicot=Richard Caldicot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danson_Tang=Danson Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurore_Auteuil=Aurore Auteuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Boatswain=Jacqueline Boatswain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Baker-Duly=Edward Baker-Duly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhiko_Imai=Yasuhiko Imai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Kamei=Saburo Kamei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Marshall_(actor)=Tony Marshall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ng=Richard Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ya_Chang=Ya Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Madden=Stella Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Whyte_(actor)=Ian Whyte (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Yong=You Yong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Ma=Kenneth Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ma_(actor)=Joe Ma (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Miu=Michael Miu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Guang=Bai Guang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Hong=Bai Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gong_Qiuxia=Gong Qiuxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Paul_Cassidy=Ian Paul Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Suzuki=Keiko Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Yingyin=Wu Yingyin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Noble=Helen Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulla_Jacobsson=Ulla Jacobsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Mizuno=Yukari Mizuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Pigg=Alexandra Pigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Huo=Wallace Huo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Howman=Chloe Howman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Turnbull_(actor)=Lee Turnbull (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Rayner=Adam Rayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Chan=Monica Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sei_Ashina=Sei Ashina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky_Ladanowski=Nicky Ladanowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Wu_(actress)=Annie Wu (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Quarterman=Simon Quarterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Malmsten=Birger Malmsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kym_Ng=Kym Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Leung=Bryan Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Chow=Kathy Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berg_Ng=Berg Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Lam=Gordon Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Purvis_(actor)=Jack Purvis (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Ridell=Mi Ridell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Bennett_(actress)=Elizabeth Bennett (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare-Hope_Ashitey=Clare-Hope Ashitey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Xiaoxu=Chen Xiaoxu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Kurup=Debbie Kurup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Mason=Eric Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Watanabe=Hiroyuki Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Barber-Lane=Nicole Barber-Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hancock=Stephen Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Borthwick=Jamie Borthwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikari_Tachibana=Hikari Tachibana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Hall_(actor)=Andrew Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Foster=Dudley Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leena_Dhingra=Leena Dhingra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Brockway=Robin Brockway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Thia=Henry Thia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Dibley=Janet Dibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Savage_(actor)=Martin Savage (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Boot=Oliver Boot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pip_Torrens=Pip Torrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Penrose_(actor)=John Penrose (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Chung=Sherman Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hillier_(actor)=James Hillier (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Jacobs_(actor)=Joe Jacobs (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilde_Seigner=Mathilde Seigner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Phillips=Courtney Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanna_Kwan=Susanna Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_Carmichael=Hayley Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sami_Frey=Sami Frey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazutoshi_Hatano=Kazutoshi Hatano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Nielson=Claire Nielson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideo_Kanze=Hideo Kanze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_North=Roy North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunsuke_Sakuya=Shunsuke Sakuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Gould=Victoria Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Wakabayashi=Naomi Wakabayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Yu_(actor)=Ha Yu (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Tang=Alan Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruse_Taro=Maruse Taro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Katagiri=Jin Katagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_Nutley=Zara Nutley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Namioka=Kazuki Namioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Oliver=Sally Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Neo=Jack Neo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Burns=Helen Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Yamaguchi=Nana Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marta_Romero=Marta Romero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuya_Kirimoto=Takuya Kirimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masami_Iwasaki=Masami Iwasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Alborough=Roger Alborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigenori_Yamazaki=Shigenori Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rina_Akiyama=Rina Akiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hou_Yaowen=Hou Yaowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Kurihara=Hitomi Kurihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Godwin=Christopher Godwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Hodiak=Keith Hodiak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Bramwell=Christopher Bramwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Henders=Richard Henders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Tang=Tiffany Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentaro_Shimizu=Kentaro Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Metcalfe=Jordan Metcalfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Haoming=Yu Haoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroya_Matsumoto=Hiroya Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Law_(film_director)=Dennis Law (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Ando=Eiko Ando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agneta_Eckemyr=Agneta Eckemyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Mok=Max Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Conroy_(actor)=Frank Conroy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Hardie=Kate Hardie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca_Kingdon=Francesca Kingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swire=Tom Swire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Brock=Jeremy Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Junior=Joe Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Persson=Edvard Persson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimasa_Kondo=Yoshimasa Kondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Shaw=Stan Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Kanska=Joanna Kanska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Vee=Jimmy Vee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Li-Lin=Wong Li-Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Hongsheng=Jia Hongsheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakana_Matsumoto=Wakana Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidetoshi_Nishijima_(actor)=Hidetoshi Nishijima (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Kimura=Ryo Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Lune=Ted Lune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Reynolds=Nicola Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Beazley=Sam Beazley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Itoh=Kazue Itoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_Fukui=Mina Fukui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manpei_Takagi=Manpei Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Hirata=Yuka Hirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dillane=Richard Dillane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Audreson=Michael Audreson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Russ=Debbie Russ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Davies=Vincent Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Agar=Amber Agar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Birch=Frank Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciaran_Joyce=Ciaran Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Maude=Joan Maude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Bayntun=Amelia Bayntun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chiu=Roy Chiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbro_Kollberg=Barbro Kollberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naemi_Briese=Naemi Briese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Nelson=Mimi Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sif_Ruud=Sif Ruud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yngve_Nordwall=Yngve Nordwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Svedlund=Doris Svedlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Kjellin=Alf Kjellin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Funkquist=Georg Funkquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Olsson_(actor)=Gunnar Olsson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisuke_Nakamura=Daisuke Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Andersson=Gerd Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarl_Kulle=Jarl Kulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Mitsuhashi=Kanako Mitsuhashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumiko_Hosono=Yumiko Hosono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Beppu=Ayumi Beppu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Ek=Anders Ek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun_Brost=Gudrun Brost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Strandmark=Erik Strandmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Palme=Ulf Palme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Lindberg=Sven Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_Gill=Inga Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertil_Anderberg=Bertil Anderberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Bergman=Lena Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgitta_Pettersson=Birgitta Pettersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Malm=Mona Malm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Hell=Erik Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Adolphson=Kristina Adolphson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Aminoff=Marianne Aminoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Fan=Christine Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annalisa_Ericson=Annalisa Ericson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Wai-hung=Liu Wai-hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sture_Ericson=Sture Ericson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven-Eric_Gamble=Sven-Eric Gamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Horikawa=Jin Horikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hanzon=Thomas Hanzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Saunderson=Mary Saunderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namewee=Namewee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnel_Fred=Gunnel Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Matsuda=Kenji Matsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Baoqiang=Wang Baoqiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_McKee=Iain McKee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomura_Mansai=Nomura Mansai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Washio=Machiko Washio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Sinclair_(actor)=Hugh Sinclair (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avis_Bunnage=Avis Bunnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halina_Tam=Halina Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuniko_Asagi=Kuniko Asagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ix_Shen=Ix Shen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Nishikawa=Ayako Nishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayoko_Yamaguchi=Sayoko Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Sauk=Stefan Sauk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Sadaoka=Sayuri Sadaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emi_Hashino=Emi Hashino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshifumi_Tajima=Yoshifumi Tajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lai_Lok-yi=Lai Lok-yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Shaw=Susan Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoyuki_Dan=Tomoyuki Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimitsu_Shimoyama=Yoshimitsu Shimoyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvid_E._Gillstrom=Arvid E. Gillstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_He=Wong He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Maezuka=Monster Maezuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_Kikawada=Masaya Kikawada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Urquhart_(actor)=Robert Urquhart (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Chambers_(actress)=Elizabeth Chambers (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Pan=Angela Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akoya_Sogi=Akoya Sogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Gouw=Ian Gouw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Powell_(actor)=Gary Powell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_O'Keefe=Victoria O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Howarth=Laurence Howarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risa_Hayamizu=Risa Hayamizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tae_Okajima=Tae Okajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misa_Watanabe=Misa Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Warriss=Ben Warriss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yui_Itsuki=Yui Itsuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_MacNeill=Meredith MacNeill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_On=Andy On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Ozaki_(actress)=Nana Ozaki (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Wing-cheung=Law Wing-cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikue_Sakakibara=Ikue Sakakibara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Yuen=Benjamin Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Monro=Gregory Monro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Wakeling=Mark Wakeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tien_(actor)=James Tien (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jana_Carpenter=Jana Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Matsuzaki=Yuki Matsuzaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanna_Lavelle=Rosanna Lavelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Tao=Zhao Tao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Paget=Alfred Paget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukari_Kokubun=Yukari Kokubun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidekazu_Ichinose=Hidekazu Ichinose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Holt=Judy Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwei_Lun-Mei=Gwei Lun-Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Inoue=Miki Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Chan=Frankie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Wenlong=Yao Wenlong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Bowes=Bob Bowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Joyce=Julia Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Naraoka=Tomoko Naraoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_DelHoyo=George DelHoyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfred_Wong=Manfred Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gilbey=James Gilbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Harryson=Peter Harryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Pellegrino=Vincenzo Pellegrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_O'Dea=Danny O'Dea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Marchand=Guy Marchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tse=Michael Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himesh_Patel=Himesh Patel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_Leslie=Lila Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukio_Hashi=Yukio Hashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Funaki=Kazuo Funaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayuki_Mori_(actor)=Masayuki Mori (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Summers=Angela Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanie_Walters=Melanie Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysie_Monte=Mysie Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley_Sweeney=Shelley Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyson_Spiro=Alyson Spiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Yoshii=Rei Yoshii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Kawai=Chiharu Kawai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyoko_Asada=Miyoko Asada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_Ishigaki=Yuma Ishigaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Cowan=Brian Cowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chang=Joseph Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akari_Hibino=Akari Hibino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Luterkort=Ingrid Luterkort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Marsh_(actor)=Matthew Marsh (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt_Morgan=Britt Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilde_Oscar=Wilde Oscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Sugimoto=Miki Sugimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Clifford=Kim Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Chevallier_(actor)=Philippe Chevallier (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacklyn_Wu=Jacklyn Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Tremain=Joseph Tremain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Flowers=April Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Murphy_(English_actor)=Jordan Murphy (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amguulan=Amguulan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satomi_Oka=Satomi Oka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Kuwa=George Kuwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damian_Lau=Damian Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Lacey=Margaret Lacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Chuo=Genie Chuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidetaka_Yoshioka=Hidetaka Yoshioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Wu=Jiang Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pu_Cunxin=Pu Cunxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_Diak=Rodney Diak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ane_Dahl_Torp=Ane Dahl Torp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Perrins=Leslie Perrins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Shimamura=Kaoru Shimamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Lupino=Wallace Lupino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomohiro_Kaku=Tomohiro Kaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annu_Mari=Annu Mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Siu-kei=Lee Siu-kei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Chaplin=Ellen Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cheung=Nick Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chor_Yuen=Chor Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleuette_Bernon=Bleuette Bernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Au=Alice Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Tzeng=Alice Tzeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junko_Okada=Junko Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Findlay=Deborah Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_Petrie=Alistair Petrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Kang-sheng=Lee Kang-sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Azumi_(voice_actor)=Jun Azumi (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaho_(actress)=Kaho (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Smith_(actor)=Benjamin Smith (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_B._Francis=Alec B. Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymari_Nadal=Lymari Nadal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumie_Kusachi=Fumie Kusachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Yeow=Eileen Yeow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Davies_(actress)=Diana Davies (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Chan_(singer)=Jason Chan (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Fletcher_(actress)=Alex Fletcher (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsie_He-hsian=Hsie He-hsian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Godai=Michiko Godai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroaki_Murakami=Hiroaki Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Yunshang=Chen Yunshang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_Collins=Forbes Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Christenson=Irma Christenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Jie=Dong Jie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Tomassian=Alexis Tomassian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Sun=Betty Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulice_Liecier=Dulice Liecier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Lim=Yvonne Lim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_Mockford=Jeanne Mockford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Fahy=Kate Fahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Nan=Yu Nan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuto_Nakano=Yuto Nakano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Wenyong=Huang Wenyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Leung=Toby Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathalie_Lunghi=Nathalie Lunghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Tamagawa=Isao Tamagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Minami_(actor)=Hiroshi Minami (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Mananta=Daniel Mananta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riki_Miura=Riki Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bentley_(actor)=John Bentley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Sheridan=Gail Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satoko_Yamano_(voice_actress)=Satoko Yamano (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Ito_(actor)=Yuki Ito (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Hsu=Dee Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Sarrazac=Jean-Pierre Sarrazac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Nakamura=Mami Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waise_Lee=Waise Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Lau=Jeffrey Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Sunters=Irene Sunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misaki_Sekiyama=Misaki Sekiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Wong=Bryan Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Payne=Sandra Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Wong_(actor)=Raymond Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingone_Wang=Kingone Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliane_Nemri=Liliane Nemri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chems_Dahmani=Chems Dahmani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karina_Nose=Karina Nose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabelle_Dowler=Annabelle Dowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Miller_(actor)=William Miller (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_Sallmander=Reuben Sallmander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Linsley=Jonathan Linsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Pickett=Justin Pickett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Tin-lam=Wong Tin-lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Jacomy=Emmanuel Jacomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Bond=Lilian Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shijaku_Katsura_II=Shijaku Katsura II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Guoli=Zhang Guoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Lempereur-Palmer=Lewis Lempereur-Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jingchu=Zhang Jingchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Griffiths=Roger Griffiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Usui=Masahiro Usui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Liping=Chen Liping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Brown_(actress)=Susan Brown (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Wong_Ka-lok=Stephen Wong Ka-lok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Langham=Michael Langham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Radcliffe=Naomi Radcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Pyne=Frederick Pyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Nah=Jimmy Nah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuo_Nakamura=Nobuo Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Fox_(actor)=Philip Fox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Poyser=Brian Poyser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Klein=Spencer Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Packer=Mike Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearce_Quigley=Pearce Quigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ku_Feng=Ku Feng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Mather=Aubrey Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kensei=Ken Kensei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Saifei=He Saifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanae_Miyuki=Sanae Miyuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyukichi_Maki=Fuyukichi Maki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mat_Ruttle=Mat Ruttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leila_Birch=Leila Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanna_Carter=Rosanna Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Milne=Dan Milne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgina_Redhead=Georgina Redhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Rose=Phil Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Leslie=Arthur Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dario_Coates=Dario Coates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Travers=Victor Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakho_Chau=Pakho Chau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Sakai=Miki Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaine_Yiu=Elaine Yiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Shucheng=Chen Shucheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadaoto_Kainosho=Tadaoto Kainosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marsan=Jean Marsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Mealey=Phil Mealey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Vanna=Nina Vanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Leung=Jade Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Nagato=Hiroyuki Nagato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Lombard=Yvonne Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Geoghegan=Sally Geoghegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Percy=Eileen Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Coleman=Noel Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryu_Manatsu=Ryu Manatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Yi-ching=Lu Yi-ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yan_(actress)=Wang Yan (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Kuo=Amber Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolene_Chin=Jolene Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pip_Carter=Pip Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Lemoine=Adolphe Lemoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimee-Ffion_Edwards=Aimee-Ffion Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Niven,_Jr.=David Niven, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Denyer=Peter Denyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siqin_Gaowa=Siqin Gaowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chesterton=Paul Chesterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Chow=Matt Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marlowe=William Marlowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelagh_Fraser=Shelagh Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pang_Ho-cheung=Pang Ho-cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dystin_Johnson=Dystin Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirohiko_Kakegawa=Hirohiko Kakegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Heung=Jacky Heung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jam_Hsiao=Jam Hsiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chung_King-fai=Chung King-fai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Amyes=Isabelle Amyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohji_Moritsugu=Kohji Moritsugu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Nakagoshi=Noriko Nakagoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsui_Siu-Ming=Tsui Siu-Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sia_Berkeley=Sia Berkeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_A._Bennett=Joseph A. Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hirsch_(actor)=Robert Hirsch (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yuqing=Wang Yuqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Geping=Zheng Geping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Bleach=Julian Bleach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Ekborg=Lars Ekborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Oliver=Ingrid Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissela_Kyle=Sissela Kyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassei_Takano=Hassei Takano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_McGuire=Lloyd McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Lai=Wayne Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianca_Bai=Bianca Bai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Cropper=Anna Cropper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Murphy_(actor)=Anthony Murphy (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Sachs=Hugh Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bazely=Paul Bazely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_MacKay_(actor)=Barry MacKay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Honglei=Sun Honglei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohei_Murakami=Kohei Murakami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_King=Jacqueline King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Hsu=Jason Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toku_Nishio=Toku Nishio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Valette=Fanny Valette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Funakoshi=Eiji Funakoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azusa_Kataoka=Azusa Kataoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortesa_Hoti=Fortesa Hoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Said_(actor)=Mohamed Said (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Kwok=Florence Kwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Katase=Nana Katase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Simon=Hugh Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaji_Maro=Akaji Maro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun_Sugata=Shun Sugata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Ashby=Carole Ashby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renji_Ishibashi=Renji Ishibashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abi_Eniola=Abi Eniola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuhisa_Furuhara=Yasuhisa Furuhara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Ebisawa=Kenji Ebisawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Riach=Ralph Riach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Titus-Adams=Troy Titus-Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Horwell=Robert Horwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Le_Prevost=Nicholas Le Prevost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Madden_(actor)=Peter Madden (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steffan_Rhodri=Steffan Rhodri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Crawford=Anne Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Henty=Thomas Henty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Davidson_(scriptwriter)=Ian Davidson (scriptwriter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pace_Wu=Pace Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Burden=Hugh Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shingo_Tsurumi=Shingo Tsurumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeffie_Tilbury=Zeffie Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ramm=John Ramm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsushi_Tanaka=Tetsushi Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Fahy=Amanda Fahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Okada=Masaki Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airi_Taira=Airi Taira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintaro_Yamada=Shintaro Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Onoue=Hiroyuki Onoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Bloom=Suzy Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shum=John Shum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulla_Akselson=Ulla Akselson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ready=Paul Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucinda_Childs=Lucinda Childs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Curtis=Mickey Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sei_Hiraizumi=Sei Hiraizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuta_Kanai=Yuta Kanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanobu_Takashima=Masanobu Takashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Sato_(actress)=Megumi Sato (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osamu_Takizawa=Osamu Takizawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Seilitz=Mona Seilitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Spong=Hilda Spong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Henley=Alice Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_de_Bray=Yvonne de Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryuzou_Ishino=Ryuzou Ishino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Holliday-Evans=Rupert Holliday-Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pai_Ping-ping=Pai Ping-ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Bellemare=Pierre Bellemare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoaki_Maeno=Tomoaki Maeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanji_Suzumori=Kanji Suzumori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscelia_Chan=Priscelia Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lung_Fong=Lung Fong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farid_Chopel=Farid Chopel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Rowland_(actress)=Helen Rowland (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Ho=Nat Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Billington=Stephen Billington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arletta_Duncan=Arletta Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Huifang=Hong Huifang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Duvauchelle=Nicolas Duvauchelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Venables=Paul Venables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Shirakawa=Yumi Shirakawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Gill=Florence Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Wong=Barry Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Hee=Julian Hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Wenhai_(actor)=Li Wenhai (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayoko_Hagiwara=Sayoko Hagiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Cho-lam=Wong Cho-lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyunichi_Haruta=Jyunichi Haruta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwell_Fletcher=Bramwell Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margot_Boyd=Margot Boyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affif_Ben_Badra=Affif Ben Badra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Noble_(actor)=Larry Noble (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Tianwen=Chen Tianwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Yiliang=Huang Yiliang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Shing-cheong=Li Shing-cheong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Chin=Marcus Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Perrin_(actor)=Francis Perrin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael-Joel_David_Stuart=Michael-Joel David Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Gandhi=James Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shouma_Yamamoto=Shouma Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Myers_(actor)=Gary Myers (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choi_Kwok-wai=Choi Kwok-wai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria-Elena_Laas=Maria-Elena Laas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lina_Ng=Lina Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Wong_(actor)=Brandon Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wu=Jack Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Wong_(actor)=Stefan Wong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Kok=Vincent Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Hsu=Tiffany Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Jizhong=Zhang Jizhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Kot=Eric Kot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuaki_Sekine=Nobuaki Sekine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamaki_Matsumoto=Tamaki Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Campbell=Dallas Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takashi_Taguchi_(actor)=Takashi Taguchi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cheng=John Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsai_Yi-chen=Tsai Yi-chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McCulloch_(writer_and_actor)=Andrew McCulloch (writer and actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Mayette=Muriel Mayette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chan=Daniel Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Desailly=Jean Desailly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jutoupi=Jutoupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Lam=Dominic Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raghu_Babu=Raghu Babu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Shen=Chan Shen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richenda_Carey=Richenda Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Sunderland_(actor)=Scott Sunderland (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki_Kagami=Saki Kagami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Suzuki_(voice_actress)=Hiroko Suzuki (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liana_Bridges=Liana Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Chang=Grace Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arihiro_Fujimura=Arihiro Fujimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachiko_Kokubu=Sachiko Kokubu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Iriyama=Noriko Iriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshinori_Okada=Yoshinori Okada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Tachi=Hiroshi Tachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Mi_(singer)=Zhou Mi (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maki_Sakai=Maki Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Caine=Stanley Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Hoshaku=Yuka Hoshaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_Popplewell=Lulu Popplewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_King=Georgia King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Denville=Alfred Denville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Warren=Marcia Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathryn_Bradshaw=Cathryn Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehdi_Belhaj_Kacem=Mehdi Belhaj Kacem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_Tan=Selena Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Dyall=Franklin Dyall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Ito=Yuko Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Gang_(actor)=Wang Gang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_Han_(actor,_born_1969)=Chin Han (actor, born 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Yanagisawa=Nana Yanagisawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giani_Esposito=Giani Esposito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Chater=Geoffrey Chater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ming_Dao=Ming Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Ng=Christine Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Stott=Harry Stott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuki_Ueda=Miyuki Ueda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Kawaguchi=Hiroshi Kawaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sire_Ma=Sire Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Russell_(actress)=Lucy Russell (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Duchesne=Roger Duchesne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Corey=Isabelle Corey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumiko_Sakamoto=Sumiko Sakamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Gurnett=Jane Gurnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Gwillim=David Gwillim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Gregory=Leo Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacia_Napierkowska=Stacia Napierkowska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Sakurai=Hiroko Sakurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah-Jane_Gwillim=Sarah-Jane Gwillim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Tsuburaya=Hiroshi Tsuburaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsumi_Tezuka=Katsumi Tezuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenpachiro_Satsuma=Kenpachiro Satsuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Freshwater=Geoffrey Freshwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Larkin_(actor)=James Larkin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Turner_(actor)=Martin Turner (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsutomu_Kitagawa=Tsutomu Kitagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kent=Kenneth Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Day=Rosie Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazunori_Yokoo=Kazunori Yokoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoru_Watanabe=Minoru Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiichi_Kikuchi=Eiichi Kikuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yammie_Lam=Yammie Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Gazey=Craig Gazey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Chu=Candy Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethan_Ellis_Owen=Bethan Ellis Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Shrapnel=Lex Shrapnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Hirano_(voice_actor)=Masato Hirano (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Wen_Zheng=Liu Wen Zheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Selten=Morton Selten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alysson_Paradis=Alysson Paradis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juri_Manase=Juri Manase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Yang=Loretta Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Hara=Aya Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Hines=Ronald Hines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_Nishigaki=Yuka Nishigaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Barker_(British_actress)=Katharine Barker (British actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Guyot=Claire Guyot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masataka_Azuma=Masataka Azuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshiyuki_Kono=Yoshiyuki Kono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sorensen=Paul Sorensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Anderzon=Kim Anderzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Tsuruno=Takeshi Tsuruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Tsunakake=Hiromi Tsunakake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuma_Hodoshima=Shizuma Hodoshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Ueno=Ryo Ueno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Arundale=Sybil Arundale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hu=George Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Mollison=Fiona Mollison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Au=Stephen Au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Jakeways=Katherine Jakeways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Chan_Bo-Lin=Pauline Chan Bo-Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Chung=Paul Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soh_Hang-suen=Soh Hang-suen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Edwynn=Colin Edwynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Heywood=Jean Heywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshi_Koizumi=Hiroshi Koizumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Voce=John Voce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Westhead=David Westhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Tat-ming=Cheung Tat-ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Ho=Peter Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Lothaire=Sophie Lothaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Rakic-Platt=Abby Rakic-Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Muslim=Sonny Muslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Vestris=Rose Vestris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angiolo_Vestris=Angiolo Vestris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Mok=Patricia Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Lockwood=Julia Lockwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Clark_(actor)=Hugh Clark (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Wu=Nancy Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Rabaeus=Johan Rabaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Allen_(actor)=William Allen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Shatterell=Robert Shatterell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheng_Gwan-min=Cheng Gwan-min
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Nicolet=Jean-Baptiste Nicolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Gerrard=Gene Gerrard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Ollerenshaw=Maggie Ollerenshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Cox_(actor)=Robert Cox (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dawes=Robert Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Kobayashi=Ai Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivier_Marchal=Olivier Marchal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Zhao=Vincent Zhao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_O'Donnell_(actor)=Steven O'Donnell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Kai-man=Tin Kai-man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Boyle=Billy Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Mamy=Jean Mamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Conran=Alexis Conran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthieu_Boujenah=Matthieu Boujenah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cheung=Joe Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cierra_Ramirez=Cierra Ramirez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige_Chua=Paige Chua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Chen=Shaun Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Rolfsen=Katie Rolfsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Ljung=Oscar Ljung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayumi_Tsunematsu=Ayumi Tsunematsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Tianyu=Ma Tianyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lloyd_Meredith=David Lloyd Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Wu=Bowie Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Hallberg=Nils Hallberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl-Arne_Holmsten=Karl-Arne Holmsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sture_Lagerwall=Sture Lagerwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuen_Cheung-yan=Yuen Cheung-yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Mathou=Jacques Mathou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Buckley_(actor)=Keith Buckley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Pickering=Marc Pickering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Lok=Felix Lok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Kar-wing=Lau Kar-wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlene_Tse=Charlene Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everley_Gregg=Everley Gregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Thomas=Adam Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Ghatak=Raj Ghatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Goldhar=Marvin Goldhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Coy=Jonathan Coy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Schollin=Christina Schollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Dunham=Joanna Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Marken=Jane Marken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Zude=Song Zude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Chen=Edmund Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Naylor_(actor)=Christopher Naylor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Sparv=Camilla Sparv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Shahidi=Roxy Shahidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_McLeod_(actor)=Gordon McLeod (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Houren=Zhu Houren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Lam=Gilbert Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiki_Sheung=Kiki Sheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Bunston=Herbert Bunston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Chan=Bryan Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong_Ai_Leng=Ong Ai Leng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Sha=Jin Sha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Brassington=Christian Brassington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanne_Wong=Rosanne Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Egan=Rebecca Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_Quensel=Isa Quensel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Lundqvist=Maria Lundqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gayathri_Mudigonda=Gayathri Mudigonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Ferguson_(actress)=Rebecca Ferguson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_McKenzie=Janice McKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Tim_Hudson=Lord Tim Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Clarke=Angela Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prudence_Liew=Prudence Liew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_McLoughlin=Stuart McLoughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Aldridge_(actor)=Ben Aldridge (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Grillo=John Grillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Kuk=Jo Kuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Heung-kam=Lee Heung-kam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Green_(actor)=Danny Green (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Leung=Noel Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wan_Yeung-ming=Wan Yeung-ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cooper_(actor)=Richard Cooper (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Longworth=Helen Longworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Mitchell=Iain Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Chevit=Maurice Chevit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harryson=John Harryson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Tilbury=Peter Tilbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Konno_(voice_actor)=Jun Konno (voice actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Howard_(actor)=Richard Howard (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Saire=Rebecca Saire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siu_Yam-yam=Siu Yam-yam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_So=William So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Sagar=Anthony Sagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_King-Wood=David King-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Yi_(actress)=Huang Yi (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokio_Seki=Tokio Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiran_Lee=Keiran Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Fielder=Harry Fielder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Aldous_(actor_and_broadcaster)=David Aldous (actor and broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.V._France=C.V. France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Taylor_(actress)=Valerie Taylor (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Keith-Johnston=Colin Keith-Johnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Lawford=Betty Lawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoki_Kawano=Naoki Kawano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Rush=Debbie Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvin_Adolphson=Edvin Adolphson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Yamazaki=Vanilla Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Kong=Lau Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Backlin=Ingrid Backlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Hagiwara=Masato Hagiwara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gui_Gui=Gui Gui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rin_Takanashi=Rin Takanashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Henrikson=Anders Henrikson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fant=George Fant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christer_Flodin=Christer Flodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomio_Aoki=Tomio Aoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.E.M._(singer)=G.E.M. (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Christine_Adam=Marie-Christine Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Nice=Phil Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Melia=Joe Melia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampe_Faustman=Hampe Faustman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Jahr=Adolf Jahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritiof_Billquist=Fritiof Billquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chiao=Roy Chiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Xie=Fiona Xie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_MacPherson=Walt MacPherson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masahiro_Inoue=Masahiro Inoue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Siufay=Terence Siufay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukio_Yamagata=Yukio Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Sadoyan=Isabelle Sadoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoichi_Numata=Yoichi Numata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Hasegawa=Kazuo Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiyo_Kogure=Michiyo Kogure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuko_Otowa=Nobuko Otowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanami_Sakuraba=Nanami Sakuraba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Ishibashi=Anna Ishibashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Okamoto=Rei Okamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takanori_Jinnai=Takanori Jinnai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Kuo=Christine Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Time_Fontayne=Fine Time Fontayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Holland=Samantha Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Bo=Huang Bo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aino_Taube=Aino Taube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Rydeberg=Georg Rydeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayako_Wakao=Ayako Wakao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isao_Yamagata=Isao Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folke_Sundquist=Folke Sundquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamao_Nakamura=Tamao Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Ou=Edward Ou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Winters=Alex Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_S.=Lisa S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiko_(actress)=Fujiko (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Mitsuda=Ken Mitsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_Mang=Lo Mang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_(pornographic_actress)=Ruby (pornographic actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Tao_(actor)=Guo Tao (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelah_Clarke=Zelah Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_Gallagher=Teresa Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby_Stenberg=Gaby Stenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Suzuka=Keiko Suzuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoyo_Chen=Yoyo Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lecatte-Folleville=Lecatte-Folleville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_K._Barnes=Barry K. Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Ford=Julia Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elof_Ahrle=Elof Ahrle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suki_Chui=Suki Chui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmine_Richard=Firmine Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshi_Amao=Yoshi Amao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Lai=Vivian Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janina_Faye=Janina Faye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keve_Hjelm=Keve Hjelm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tariq_Knight=Tariq Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Gallagher=Bernard Gallagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang_Pik-wan=Tang Pik-wan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Honma=Noriko Honma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bak_Man-biu=Bak Man-biu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Myrberg=Per Myrberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Kavli=Karin Kavli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan-Olof_Strandberg=Jan-Olof Strandberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_John_Langford=Darren John Langford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Hardcastle=Diana Hardcastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Ngok=Elliot Ngok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamara_Lees=Tamara Lees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroki_Suzuki_(1985)=Hiroki Suzuki (1985)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Grant_(actress,_born_1994)=Olivia Grant (actress, born 1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_Chen=Baron Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Cason=Barbara Cason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hare=Ernest Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Wickham=Keith Wickham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Yamashita_(actress)=Hiroko Yamashita (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Ma_Sze_Tsang=Sun Ma Sze Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vin_Choi=Vin Choi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Reiner=Tracy Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ting-Ting_Hu=Ting-Ting Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iain_Rattray=Iain Rattray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Rohr=Tony Rohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Ni=Yan Ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Hung-lit=Chan Hung-lit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Levy=Katharine Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Streatfeild=Geoffrey Streatfeild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Bodimeade=Holly Bodimeade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Faulkner=Keith Faulkner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Toussaint-White=Nina Toussaint-White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Adelly=Georg Adelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Fan=Louis Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momoko_Ishikawa=Momoko Ishikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staffan_Kihlbom=Staffan Kihlbom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Worth=Kathleen Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwan_Hoi-san=Kwan Hoi-san
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiktor_Andersson=Wiktor Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna-Lisa_Baude=Anna-Lisa Baude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Bohlin=Allan Bohlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Eklund_(actor)=Ernst Eklund (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Erik_Flens=Karl Erik Flens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svea_Holst=Svea Holst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Lindblad=Arne Lindblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagny_Lind=Dagny Lind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Melin=John Melin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagmar_Olsson=Dagmar Olsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signe_Wirff=Signe Wirff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludde_Gentzel=Ludde Gentzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Kesster=Magnus Kesster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lindahl=Anna Lindahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasse_Krantz=Lasse Krantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Hayami=Noriko Hayami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britta_Brunius=Britta Brunius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbro_Flodquist=Barbro Flodquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Geijer-Falkner=Mona Geijer-Falkner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Johanson=Stig Johanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Logardt=Bengt Logardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segol_Mann=Segol Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Skarstedt=Georg Skarstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berta_Hall=Berta Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Ahlin=Harry Ahlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Masreliez=Curt Masreliez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britta_Holmberg=Britta Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helge_Hagerman=Helge Hagerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birgit_Tengroth=Birgit Tengroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Nielsen_(actor)=Gunnar Nielsen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ekman=John Ekman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagmar_Ebbesen=Dagmar Ebbesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jullan_Kindahl=Jullan Kindahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gull_Natorp=Gull Natorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Hansson=Maud Hansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moa_Arimoto=Moa Arimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tor_Isedal=Tor Isedal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toivo_Pawlo=Toivo Pawlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lund=Richard Lund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Almroth=Greta Almroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Tschernichin-Larsson=Jenny Tschernichin-Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Larsson=William Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lundberg=Alfred Lundberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stina_Berg=Stina Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Alw=Gabriel Alw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Henson=Gladys Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_Takatsuka=Masaya Takatsuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tora_Teje=Tora Teje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Hee-ching=Paw Hee-ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goro_Ibuki=Goro Ibuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Ting=Mei Ting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Goodwins=Fred Goodwins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Ritter_(actor)=Paul Ritter (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Feng-jiao=Lin Feng-jiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Zi=Wang Zi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Jibiki=Go Jibiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsuko_Sakura=Mutsuko Sakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele_Wong=Adele Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MeiMei_Kuo=MeiMei Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_H._MacDonald=Thomas H. MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Chen=Candy Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Kwok_(actor)=Mark Kwok (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Stirling=Richard Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahiro_Tamura=Takahiro Tamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Fuji=Tatsuya Fuji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuzo_Kawatani=Takuzo Kawatani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Caillot=Joseph Caillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuko_Mori=Mitsuko Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabel_Barnston=Anabel Barnston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.B._Imeson=A.B. Imeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmy_Hung=Timmy Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Baptiste_Puech=Jean-Baptiste Puech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Luoyong=Wang Luoyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ryder_(actor)=John Ryder (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Matheson=Eve Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristy_Yang=Kristy Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choc7=Choc7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Hyttenberg=Maud Hyttenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Albiin=Elsie Albiin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Xun=Xiao Xun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hung_Yan-yan=Hung Yan-yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nightingale_(actor)=John Nightingale (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_JingLun=Wong JingLun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Duttine=Joe Duttine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-France_Mignal=Marie-France Mignal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Duniam=Polly Duniam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Duniam=Sophie Duniam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_Lilley=Valerie Lilley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Wei=Fan Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Sengoku=Noriko Sengoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosette_(actress)=Rosette (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Farr=Derek Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Kuo=Dylan Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Newall=Guy Newall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huo_Siyan=Huo Siyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kento_Nakajima=Kento Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Lung-wei=Wang Lung-wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rin_Asuka=Rin Asuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritsuko_Nemoto=Ritsuko Nemoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Widerberg=Johan Widerberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Gordon=Maxine Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayford_Hobbs=Hayford Hobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Huang=Alien Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celest_Chong=Celest Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_Khan=Cynthia Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tova_Magnusson=Tova Magnusson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Mouret=Emmanuel Mouret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yuqi=Zhang Yuqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Sicheng=Chen Sicheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwako_Taichi=Kiwako Taichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryouta_Murai=Ryouta Murai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Lee=Johnson Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Liu=Tony Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshikatsu_Fujiki=Yoshikatsu Fujiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Matthews=Tim Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Siu=Edwin Siu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ryan_(actor)=James Ryan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shi_Hui_(actor)=Shi Hui (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tien_Feng=Tien Feng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_(actor)=Mars (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryuya_Wakaba=Ryuya Wakaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimito_Totani=Kimito Totani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellesmere_Choi=Ellesmere Choi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustaf_Hammarsten=Gustaf Hammarsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Lin=Carole Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eelyn_Kok=Eelyn Kok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Cheng=Mark Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janine_Chang=Janine Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Evans_(actor)=Herbert Evans (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Yuen=Louis Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephanie_Che=Stephanie Che
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Young=Dexter Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShellZ_Zhu=ShellZ Zhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pia_Degermark=Pia Degermark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Ames=Gerald Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Man=Xiao Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kao=Jack Kao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlo_Lewis=Marlo Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Lingyu=Li Lingyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Kempinski=Tom Kempinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Chatto=Tom Chatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally-Jane_Spencer=Sally-Jane Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lene_Lai=Lene Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Wallace_(actor)=Elizabeth Wallace (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Bouchitey=Patrick Bouchitey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavan_Clerkin=Cavan Clerkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_Man=Janice Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Rowland=Roger Rowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xiaoran=Li Xiaoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Lomas_(actor)=Herbert Lomas (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Wareing=Lesley Wareing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Guoqiang=Zhang Guoqiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford_Gordon=Stafford Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora_Miao=Cora Miao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Ward=Ronald Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shingo_Yamashiro=Shingo Yamashiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Song=Victoria Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Kobayashi_(actor)=Kaoru Kobayashi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Nonyela=Valentine Nonyela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ng_Hui=Ng Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Ng=Carrie Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Ngan=Johnny Ngan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Gray=Natasha Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Royle=Amanda Royle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Bowen=Philip Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Cornelius=Deborah Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Dolan=Monica Dolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_Clifford=Pandora Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyril_McLaglen=Cyril McLaglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Lingling=Pan Lingling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Nollier=Claude Nollier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Chrystall=Belle Chrystall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Rome=Stewart Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Oldland=Lilian Oldland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_McNair_(actor)=Andrew McNair (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goldner=Charles Goldner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Phipps=Nicholas Phipps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Wong_(musician)=Linda Wong (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Jeayes=Allan Jeayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Trevor=Jack Trevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Langtree=Andrew Langtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Fan=Van Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Deedigan=Kris Deedigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Mio=Derek Mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Anka=Anna Anka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamura_Nakazo_I=Nakamura Nakazo I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su_Xing=Su Xing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hao_Lei=Hao Lei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Pills=Jacques Pills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Takada=Miwa Takada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_East=Katherine East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liljay=Liljay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_Hargreaves=Johanna Hargreaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Larsson=Ulf Larsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totti_Truman_Taylor=Totti Truman Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owodog=Owodog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Yamazaki=Amy Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Cellier=Caroline Cellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_Hazuki=Ai Hazuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Shum=Lydia Shum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaime_Chik=Jaime Chik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristal_Tin=Kristal Tin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaoshenyang=Xiaoshenyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gill_Mohindepaul_Singh=Gill Mohindepaul Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Saram=Michelle Saram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elanne_Kong=Elanne Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Giraud=Roland Giraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_Chou=Vic Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Daye=Gabrielle Daye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Irving=Michael Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruco_Chan=Ruco Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Seki=Megumi Seki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Kurokawa=Mei Kurokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuki_Tanimura=Mitsuki Tanimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Langlet=Amanda Langlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Tse=Susan Tse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Goodison=Lara Goodison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Wong=Vincent Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaku_Hamada=Gaku Hamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Womack_(British_actor)=Mark Womack (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Fildes=Audrey Fildes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Gunnarsson=Fredrik Gunnarsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginny_Holder=Ginny Holder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Suda=Masaki Suda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erica_Yuen=Erica Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denmei_Suzuki=Denmei Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayley_J_Williams=Hayley J Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adel_Bencherif=Adel Bencherif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsue_Miwa=Katsue Miwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nene_Otsuka=Nene Otsuka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iori_Nomizu=Iori Nomizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Magness=Diana Magness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie-Marie_Parmentier=Julie-Marie Parmentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanne_de_Casalis=Jeanne de Casalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Holmes_(actor)=James Holmes (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Garat=Henri Garat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustafa_Chousein-Oglou=Moustafa Chousein-Oglou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Ragneborn=Arne Ragneborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Uehara=Ken Uehara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Cheung=Louis Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Giraud=Nicolas Giraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_Kato=Masaya Kato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Maki=Claude Maki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kubo=Akira Kubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hon=Mary Hon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elin_Klinga=Elin Klinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Crauchet=Paul Crauchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumeji_Tsukioka=Yumeji Tsukioka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thammar_Nazir=Thammar Nazir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Haus=Samuel Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo_Narikawa=Tetsuo Narikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes-Nicole_Winter=Agnes-Nicole Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Mak_Cheung-ching=Evergreen Mak Cheung-ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Lannby=Karin Lannby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_T._Hansson=Lena T. Hansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Laure_Dougnac=Marie-Laure Dougnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Ker=Edith Ker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolin_Stoltz=Carolin Stoltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsui_Wing=Tsui Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillie_Lyckow=Fillie Lyckow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilian_Johansson=Lilian Johansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Bourguiba=Neil Bourguiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajime_Hana=Hajime Hana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Wada=Makoto Wada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsurutaro_Kataoka=Tsurutaro Kataoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Peiqi=Liu Peiqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuru_Hirata=Mitsuru Hirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaku_Takashina=Kaku Takashina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kin_Sugai=Kin Sugai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Tielin=Zhang Tielin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Nagashima=Toshiyuki Nagashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eri_Ishida=Eri Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Meijiao=Lin Meijiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_James=Simone James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunmi_Mojekwu=Bunmi Mojekwu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masashi_Goda=Masashi Goda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Tolstoy=Alexander Tolstoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Morberg=Per Morberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Forselius=Emil Forselius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Routledge=Jordan Routledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figge_Norling=Figge Norling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Lindholm=Anna Lindholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jesson=Paul Jesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachiko_Hidari=Sachiko Hidari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jean_Reimer=Mary Jean Reimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Brunnberg=Ulf Brunnberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yngve_Gamlin=Yngve Gamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Marshall=Harper Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Sternberg=Rachel Sternberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalind_Bailey=Rosalind Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Marie_Gyllenspetz=Ann-Marie Gyllenspetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Kihl=Mia Kihl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Granhagen=Lena Granhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Zhuoyan=He Zhuoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Brundin=Bo Brundin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuma_Terashima=Takuma Terashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guje_Lagerwall=Guje Lagerwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Bellis=Guy Bellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reen_Yu=Reen Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Jeans=Desmond Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_(singer)=Shin (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsubasa_Otomiya=Tsubasa Otomiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Sefton=Ernest Sefton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuto_Tochihara=Rakuto Tochihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Lexy=Edward Lexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiori_Kanzaki=Shiori Kanzaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelababy=Angelababy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Daly_(actor)=Mark Daly (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_Belmore=Bertha Belmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Baoguo=Chen Baoguo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyo_Fujita=Hideyo Fujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Aked=Muriel Aked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Welling=Albert Welling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Chambers=Julia Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Wright_(actor)=Tony Wright (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lynch_(Welsh_actor)=Richard Lynch (Welsh actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Lina=Yang Lina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Bland=Joyce Bland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Heatherley=Clifford Heatherley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Grey=Anne Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hsing=Alfred Hsing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drusilla_Wills=Drusilla Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Gott=Barbara Gott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athole_Stewart=Athole Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koichi_Iwaki=Koichi Iwaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuko_Tomita=Yasuko Tomita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiko_Nagashima=Eiko Nagashima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lambert_(British_actor)=Jack Lambert (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Kelly=Judy Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Lister=Francis Lister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayoko_Shibata=Kayoko Shibata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chigusa_Takaku=Chigusa Takaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Leung=Tina Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masako_Sugaya=Masako Sugaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Melford=Jack Melford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_Taylor-Ritson=Rosie Taylor-Ritson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Lili=Li Lili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikaru_Yamamoto=Hikaru Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Garrick=John Garrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turnbull_(actor)=John Turnbull (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Heung=Ron Heung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osman_Hung=Osman Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroyuki_Miyasako=Hiroyuki Miyasako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Hao=Qin Hao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Him_Law=Him Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecilia_Cheung=Cecilia Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Kichise=Michiko Kichise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Chao=Mark Chao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy_Chan=Macy Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Holles_(actor)=Anthony Holles (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Wong=Mandy Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Plunkett=Patricia Plunkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Yuchen=Zhu Yuchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minehiro_Kinomoto=Minehiro Kinomoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hou_Yong_(actor)=Hou Yong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tong_Dawei=Tong Dawei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Gunn=Judy Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Fathers=Daniel Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Babbington=Kylie Babbington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Stewart-Jarrett=Nathan Stewart-Jarrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Tsui=Elvis Tsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Chenghui=Yu Chenghui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Dietze=Julia Dietze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanna_Mori=Kanna Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Rongguang=Yu Rongguang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Bosco=Wallace Bosco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Livesey=Sam Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Chun=Du Chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Lloyd_Walker=Jonathan Lloyd Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsin_Heatley=Tamsin Heatley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Glynne=Angela Glynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zig_Byfield=Zig Byfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_Sum=Jess Sum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ho_(actor)=Thomas Ho (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Axel_Eriksson=John Axel Eriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Carver_(actor)=Caroline Carver (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallas_Eaton=Wallas Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_Chen_(actress)=Lu Chen (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Defferary=Jacqueline Defferary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunilla_Nyroos=Gunilla Nyroos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Hall_(British_actress)=Jessica Hall (British actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei_Wei_(actress)=Wei Wei (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Shaofeng=Feng Shaofeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Pollock=Ellen Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Siu=David Siu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._B._Clarence=O. B. Clarence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Ho=Kenny Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Howick=Jim Howick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Brooks=Victor Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Eccles=Donald Eccles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarif_Rahman=Aarif Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Coleman=Wilson Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_Fang=Serena Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quan_Yi_Fong=Quan Yi Fong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Morgan_(actress)=Wendy Morgan (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamura_Utaemon_I=Nakamura Utaemon I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamura_Utaemon_II=Nakamura Utaemon II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Kinlay=Antonia Kinlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elarica_Gallacher=Elarica Gallacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Alpha=Jenny Alpha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Chen=Andrea Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komaki_Kurihara=Komaki Kurihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davina_Craig=Davina Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valda_Setterfield=Valda Setterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumie_Kashiyama=Fumie Kashiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lye=James Lye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Younger=Elizabeth Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zeyu=Chen Zeyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umewaka_Minoru_I=Umewaka Minoru I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brett_Findlay=Brett Findlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meilin_Gray=Meilin Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikiho_Niwa=Mikiho Niwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terri_Kwan=Terri Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heshima_Thompson=Heshima Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arinze_Kene=Arinze Kene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JuJu_Chan=JuJu Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Lo=May Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Chan_(actor)=Joel Chan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misty_Stone=Misty Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Emerton=Roy Emerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_Green=Judd Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrissie_White=Chrissie White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Gordon=Hal Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Aherne=Pat Aherne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Yuen=Kingdom Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Oliver_(actor)=Charles Oliver (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Humphreys=Cecil Humphreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf_Goddard=Alf Goddard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Chapiteau=Marc Chapiteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Fang=One-Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marika_Hayashi=Marika Hayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Margetson=Arthur Margetson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luo_Jin=Luo Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Cheung=Russell Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Die=Hu Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaynor_Rowlands=Gaynor Rowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Shishi=Liu Shishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Travers=Alfred Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Mollison=Clifford Mollison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mollison=Henry Mollison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merle_Tottenham=Merle Tottenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viola_Compton=Viola Compton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Lupino=Barry Lupino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_O=Henry O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Singleton_(actor)=Mark Singleton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janne_Carlsson=Janne Carlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Lo=Mimi Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogo_Suzuki_(actor)=Shogo Suzuki (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumiko_Takeda=Kumiko Takeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Tachihara=Mai Tachihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikiyo_Ono=Mikiyo Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chieko_Shiratori=Chieko Shiratori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saori_Ono=Saori Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misayo_Haruki=Misayo Haruki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Ashcroft=Margaret Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Buckler=Hugh Buckler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Raine=Jack Raine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Gray=Eve Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Lim=Rebecca Lim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siri_Svegler=Siri Svegler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.E._Coleby=A.E. Coleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrell_Davis=Tyrell Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Gill=Basil Gill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hewitt=Henry Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Culley=Frederick Culley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kove=Kenneth Kove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hellberg=Thomas Hellberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise_Hampton=Louise Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_Haynes=Manning Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Brook=Lesley Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Godden=Jimmy Godden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_Rayner=Minnie Rayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langhorn_Burton=Langhorn Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baskcomb=John Baskcomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Warrender=Harold Warrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonia_Holm=Sonia Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Goss=Helen Goss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Germaine=Mary Germaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Zanjani=Nina Zanjani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Pritchard=Hilary Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Gail=Philippa Gail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denyse_Alexander=Denyse Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Haag=Benny Haag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Uchida=Sayuri Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanako_Maeda=Kanako Maeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Ware_(actor)=Derek Ware (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Vivian=Sidney Vivian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Alba=Rose Alba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Pryse=Hugh Pryse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hulme=Anthony Hulme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Livesey=Jack Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Couper=Barbara Couper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Jerrold=Mary Jerrold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Ulveson=Johan Ulveson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaori_Shimamura=Kaori Shimamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eri_Imai=Eri Imai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Ray=Philip Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toni_Edgar-Bruce=Toni Edgar-Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Yen=Cindy Yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Zhang=Wen Zhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Martin_Harvey=Michael Martin Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Tong=Chris Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Konstam=Anna Konstam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Gensac=Claude Gensac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Peacock=Kim Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Beaumont=Susan Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorie_Terauchi=Yorie Terauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Spenser=Jeremy Spenser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Novak=Peggy Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne-Marie_Brunius=Anne-Marie Brunius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Louis_Richard=Jean-Louis Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lori_Chow=Lori Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chui_Tien-you=Chui Tien-you
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimika_Yoshino=Kimika Yoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Pei-An=Yang Pei-An
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Chow=Billy Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruhito_Iguchi=Naruhito Iguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Burtwell=Frederick Burtwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Yi=Qin Yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Hong=Pan Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Lirong=Zhao Lirong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Lin_(actress)=Zhu Lin (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Sandborg=Olof Sandborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olle_Hilding=Olle Hilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Widgren=Olof Widgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaretha_Krook=Margaretha Krook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingvar_Kjellson=Ingvar Kjellson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Johanson=Ulf Johanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil_Terselius=Lil Terselius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Lindh=Irene Lindh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Wall=Anita Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malin_Ek=Malin Ek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Skoglund=Rolf Skoglund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Klinga=Hans Klinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Castaldi=Jean-Pierre Castaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuki_Tani=Atsuki Tani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Adams=Ross Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ina_Clare=Ina Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutta_Rolf=Tutta Rolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tollie_Zellman=Tollie Zellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Botvid=John Botvid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritz_Falk=Lauritz Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinpachi_Nezu=Jinpachi Nezu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Djurberg=Bengt Djurberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Slinger=Jonathan Slinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Xiubo=Wu Xiubo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Kataoka=Reiko Kataoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Tsukasa=Yoko Tsukasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Wenqing=Yuan Wenqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Sakai=Masato Sakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiichi_Tanabe=Seiichi Tanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masato_Furuoya=Masato Furuoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Ando=Sakura Ando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiko_Oginome=Keiko Oginome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ako_(actress)=Ako (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomoko_Nakajima=Tomoko Nakajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiko_Kusamura=Reiko Kusamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideko_Yoshida=Hideko Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Wong=Ruby Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Ogawa=Mayumi Ogawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Aki=Yoko Aki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyako_Yamaguchi=Miyako Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumiko_Koyanagi=Rumiko Koyanagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsunehiko_Watase=Tsunehiko Watase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katsuo_Nakamura=Katsuo Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morio_Kazama=Morio Kazama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nenji_Kobayashi=Nenji Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Min_Tanaka=Min Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazue_Fukiishi=Kazue Fukiishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kie_Nakai=Kie Nakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirotaka_Chiba=Hirotaka Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Sharvell-Martin=Michael Sharvell-Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeng_Huifen=Zeng Huifen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Kinghorn=Barbara Kinghorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Dou=Shawn Dou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Dongyu=Zhou Dongyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Yongjian=Lin Yongjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Collins_(actress)=Suzanne Collins (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_Mulvoy-Ten=Ana Mulvoy-Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Sawyer=Alex Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Chu=Emily Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Shirato=Mari Shirato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isako_Washio=Isako Washio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Belman=Jamie Belman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Kane_(actor)=Matthew Kane (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liz_Edmiston=Liz Edmiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_de_Jonge=Marc de Jonge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Ramsey=Jade Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Simon=Eugene Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akiko_Yada=Akiko Yada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hudson_(actor)=Robert Hudson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Chen=Ashton Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freya_Wilson=Freya Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_He=Mickey He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Paisley_Day=Simon Paisley Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthe_Mercadier=Marthe Mercadier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Boudet=Jacques Boudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Duby=Jacques Duby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hardwick=Paul Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Jewesbury=Edward Jewesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Ohlsson=Fredrik Ohlsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiyuki_Hosokawa=Toshiyuki Hosokawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nie_Yuan=Nie Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Dymond=Mark Dymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glennis_Lorimer=Glennis Lorimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adabel_Guerrero=Adabel Guerrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takayuki_Yamada=Takayuki Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katja_K=Katja K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasuko_Sawaguchi=Yasuko Sawaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinobu_Nakayama=Shinobu Nakayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eri_Fukatsu=Eri Fukatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maho_Nonami=Maho Nonami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makiko_Kuno=Makiko Kuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susanne_Thorson=Susanne Thorson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Tim-sing=Lee Tim-sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-France_(actress)=Marie-France (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_Mason=Brewster Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Quilter=David Quilter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Baillien=Carole Baillien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Williams=Brook Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Ettlinger=Norman Ettlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denys_Graham=Denys Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Milburn=Christopher Milburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Darbyshire=Maureen Darbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Hodges=Horace Hodges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Young=Dan Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Keir=David Keir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Boddey=Martin Boddey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Burdon=Albert Burdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerrold_Robertshaw=Jerrold Robertshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawford_Davidson=Lawford Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodo_Watts=Dodo Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meggie_Albanesi=Meggie Albanesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Marlborough_East=John Marlborough East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rendel=Robert Rendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Lloyd=Frederick Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hande_Kodja=Hande Kodja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Langley=Herbert Langley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Bayley=Hilda Bayley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Arundell=Teddy Arundell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Keys=Nelson Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Fairbrother=Sydney Fairbrother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrine_Boorman=Katrine Boorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie_Fielding=Marjorie Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Burne=Nancy Burne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberston_Wright=Humberston Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvonne_Owen=Yvonne Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Yarde=Margaret Yarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Caine=Henry Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barraud=George Barraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Ann_Davies=Betty Ann Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Oliver=Anthony Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hy_Hazell=Hy Hazell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Dibley=Mary Dibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Moon=George Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Lauchlan=Agnes Lauchlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Butcher=Ernest Butcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Maxwell_(actor)=Roger Maxwell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Glyn-Jones=John Glyn-Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Esmond=Annie Esmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabel_Maule=Annabel Maule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Johnson_(actress)=Pauline Johnson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrosine_Phillpotts=Ambrosine Phillpotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Riscoe=Arthur Riscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Ward=Polly Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Barty=Jack Barty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_Hope=Vida Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hutcheson=David Hutcheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Harvey=Morris Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Driver=Edgar Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Arundell=Dennis Arundell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Carson_(actor)=Charles Carson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Day=Vera Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Dalby=Amy Dalby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Fox=Reginald Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arty_Ash=Arty Ash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Salew=John Salew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Meadows=Stanley Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Weske=Brian Weske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Brune=Gabrielle Brune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Stanley=Phyllis Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgie_Harris=Georgie Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Jia_(actress,_born_1980)=Song Jia (actress, born 1980)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Ferre=Michelle Ferre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Milton=Billy Milton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Elion=Lawrence Elion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryota_Ozawa=Ryota Ozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuki_Yamada=Yuki Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuki_Shimizu=Kazuki Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Jackson_(actress)=Lisa Jackson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyzelle_Joyner=Joyzelle Joyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Davy=Jean Davy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandan_Roy_Sanyal=Chandan Roy Sanyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffry_Wickham=Jeffry Wickham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Sumner=Geoffrey Sumner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mami_Higashiyama=Mami Higashiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Barentin=Nadia Barentin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Thau=Leon Thau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiji_Kumagai=Seiji Kumagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._J._Williams_(actor)=D. J. Williams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Hempstead-Wright=Isaac Hempstead-Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Beaumont=Diana Beaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernie_Lotinga=Ernie Lotinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ruddock=John Ruddock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Chung=Wallace Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bacon_(actor)=Max Bacon (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Vedey=Julian Vedey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_Chance=Naomi Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Courtenay=Syd Courtenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Perfitt=Frank Perfitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Trevor=Ann Trevor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuya_Eguchi=Takuya Eguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurin_(actress)=Yurin (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Hanyu=Zhang Hanyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manning_Whiley=Manning Whiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.H._Mulcaster=G.H. Mulcaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Selby=Nicholas Selby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Fielding=Gerald Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edith_Sharpe=Edith Sharpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Coventry=Tom Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Barrie=Nigel Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Allan=Marguerite Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Gill_(actor)=Tom Gill (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Barton=Margaret Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Osmond=Hal Osmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Hall_(actor)=Cameron Hall (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Travers=Roy Travers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manora_Thew=Manora Thew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Royce=Julian Royce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Duke=Ivy Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Proust=Caroline Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_Arnezeder=Nora Arnezeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Chak=William Chak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stockley=Mary Stockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauline_Peters=Pauline Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Fields=Betty Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJ_Jia=JJ Jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Wong=Grace Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Murray-Hill=Peter Murray-Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Bevan=Isla Bevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Stanley=Victor Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_Grove=Sybil Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Young_(actor)=Arthur Young (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutsumi_Tamura=Mutsumi Tamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Field_(actor)=Alexander Field (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Rawlinson=Gerald Rawlinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Mortimer=Charles Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rigby_(actor)=Arthur Rigby (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Bartlam=Dorothy Bartlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Ludlow=Patrick Ludlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Satton=Lon Satton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Wyldeck=Martin Wyldeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Wright=Marie Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Bonheur=Stella Bonheur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Brantford=Mickey Brantford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Wen=James Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Close=Ivy Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Simpson=Peggy Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Lewis=Fiona Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandrine_Pinna=Sandrine Pinna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Maitland=Colin Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Osmond=Lesley Osmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_Parry=Natasha Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Chesney=Arthur Chesney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_Fitzgerald=Aubrey Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Plumb=Hay Plumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_De_Winton=Alice De Winton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Mannering=Cecil Mannering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Hatton=Mercy Hatton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rock=Charles Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_M._Lion=Leon M. Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuo_Yamada=Tatsuo Yamada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Rose=Veronica Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Stannard=Don Stannard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Tee=Elsa Tee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Corrie=Will Corrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Tripod=Irene Tripod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Dane=Frank Dane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maud_Yates=Maud Yates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Tree=Madge Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_Forsythe=Blanche Forsythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_De_Winton=Dora De Winton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Wynne=Bert Wynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Willis=Hubert Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Denton=Jack Denton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Hopkirk=Gordon Hopkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowley_Wright=Cowley Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Stuart=Madge Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Faire=Betty Faire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Raynham=Fred Raynham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valia=Valia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Stevenson=Theo Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Korris=Harry Korris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Jaffe_(actress)=Shirley Jaffe (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Gorst=Derek Gorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Laurier=Jay Laurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Levey=Elliot Levey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_MacAndrews=John MacAndrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Gillen=Adam Gillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Irvine=Robin Irvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Ruifang=Zhang Ruifang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Xijuan=Zhu Xijuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Yu_(actress)=Zhang Yu (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Xiuming=Li Xiuming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang_Shu=Fang Shu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madoka_Yonezawa=Madoka Yonezawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_O'Malley=Rex O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Hales=Eric Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Bell=Arnold Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Shaw=Lewis Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorinea_Shirley=Dorinea Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Suedo=Julie Suedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Tozer=Joseph Tozer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrietta_Watson=Henrietta Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson_Butt=Lawson Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Geoffrey=Wallace Geoffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Butt=Johnny Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Scott=Gregory Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Campbell=Daisy Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._M._Hallard=C. M. Hallard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Quatermaine=Charles Quatermaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simeon_Stuart=Simeon Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.A._Wetherell=M.A. Wetherell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Jennings=Gladys Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fewlass_Llewellyn=Fewlass Llewellyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklyn_Bellamy=Franklyn Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Oxley=David Oxley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Seacombe=Dorothy Seacombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Case=Gerald Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Wellesley=Alfred Wellesley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mae_Bacon=Mae Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Norfolk=Edgar Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Bradley=Leslie Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalyn_Boulter=Rosalyn Boulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Buckley=Kenneth Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckett_Bould=Beckett Bould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hudd=Walter Hudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Byford=Roy Byford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwynne_Herbert=Gwynne Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Dewhurst=George Dewhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Ewart=Stephen Ewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionelle_Howard=Lionelle Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Deverell=John Deverell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Clifton=Hugh Clifton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Rayner=Christine Rayner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esme_Hubbard=Esme Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_d'Aragon=Lionel d'Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Chen=Yao Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Tennyson=Walter Tennyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_del_Gue=Cecil del Gue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Morton_York=Cecil Morton York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Walcott=Arthur Walcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Carr_(actor)=Cameron Carr (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Tracy=Bert Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenie_Thomas=Queenie Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_A._Douglas=Ernest A. Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottie_Blackford=Lottie Blackford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rorke=Mary Rorke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minna_Grey=Minna Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Gullan=Campbell Gullan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Cherry=Malcolm Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Reynolds_(actor)=Tom Reynolds (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Vaughan_(actor)=Bernard Vaughan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hewland=Philip Hewland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hend_Sabry=Hend Sabry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garance_Le_Guillermic=Garance Le Guillermic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Lindsell=Stuart Lindsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vi_Kaley=Vi Kaley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Agar_Lyons=Harry Agar Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Petley=Frank Petley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Dawson=Ivo Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Kung=Jun Kung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Guise=Wyndham Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Gilbert_(actor)=Lewis Gilbert (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Willoughby=Louis Willoughby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Morgan_(actor)=Fred Morgan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuranosuke_Sasaki=Kuranosuke Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Ritz=Joan Ritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Tennant=Frank Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Cordell=Daisy Cordell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Payne=Douglas Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Lawrence=Gerald Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Powley=Bryan Powley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Burleigh=Bertram Burleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winifred_Evans=Winifred Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Byron_(actor)=Walter Byron (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cullin=Arthur Cullin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Page=Norman Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Lan=Yu Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Xiaotang=Wang Xiaotang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilda_Moore=Hilda Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_Pearson=Lloyd Pearson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ni_Ping=Ni Ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Molander=Karin Molander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Ferrers=Helen Ferrers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxine_Elliott_Hicks=Maxine Elliott Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junya_Ikeda=Junya Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Evans=Peggy Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine_O'Rawe=Geraldine O'Rawe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Cairns=Dallas Cairns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertie_Wright=Bertie Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Groves_(actor)=Fred Groves (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Gray_Murray=M. Gray Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Foley_(actor)=George Foley (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Foster=Dorothy Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Batt=Ben Batt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrik_Dolk=Fredrik Dolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erika_Okuda=Erika Okuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_Grayson=Diane Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheuk_Wan-chi=Cheuk Wan-chi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Shingler=Helen Shingler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_McCallin=Clement McCallin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelita_Helena_Maria_de_Silva_Ferro=Angelita Helena Maria de Silva Ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Sevening=Nina Sevening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syd_Walker=Syd Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Cleave=Arthur Cleave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Magrath=Eileen Magrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathleen_Vaughan=Kathleen Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Wong=Ben Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnnie_Schofield=Johnnie Schofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annette_Benson=Annette Benson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Logan=Lillian Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alec_Fraser=Alec Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Seaward=Sydney Seaward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winifred_Harris=Winifred Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiro_Hayama=Hiro Hayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Hampton=Fiona Hampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Marin=Christian Marin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirei_Kiritani=Mirei Kiritani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hatton_(actor)=Tom Hatton (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Brennan_(actor)=Kevin Brennan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_Kuan-chun=Chi Kuan-chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batdorj-in_Baasanjab=Batdorj-in Baasanjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hickman=Alfred Hickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington_A._Playter=Wellington A. Playter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshitsugu_Matsuoka=Yoshitsugu Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Matsumoto=Rio Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanny_Theng=Kanny Theng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumi_Dan=Fumi Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Hsu=Candy Hsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Saint-Macary=Hubert Saint-Macary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Grey=Denise Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muga_Takewaki=Muga Takewaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Dan=Rei Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasufumi_Terawaki=Yasufumi Terawaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Bransby_Williams=Eric Bransby Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reona_Hirota=Reona Hirota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaoru_Mizuki=Kaoru Mizuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_Kong=Elena Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Rivers=Simon Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Knight_(actor)=James Knight (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Maitland=Ruth Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Field=Ben Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Heslop=Charles Heslop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Hallatt=May Hallatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norah_Howard=Norah Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoki_Sugiura=Naoki Sugiura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Francis=Raymond Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rina_Hidaka=Rina Hidaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Yamauchi=Ken Yamauchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Hong_(actor)=Yuan Hong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsuna_Watanabe=Natsuna Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Burt=Clare Burt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harue_Akagi=Harue Akagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lewis_(English_actor)=Martin Lewis (English actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Welsh=Jane Welsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Cross=Hugh Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Pierce=Norman Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Shine=Wilfred Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Hirose=Alice Hirose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Osborne_(actor)=Michael Osborne (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Collingwood=Peter Collingwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Gengxin=Lin Gengxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Longhurst_(actor)=Henry Longhurst (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Bach=Reginald Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wenman=Henry Wenman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Zhu=Rebecca Zhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Eustrel=Anthony Eustrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Hillwood=Amanda Hillwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Gifford=Alan Gifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Withers=Margaret Withers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Chen_(actor)=Li Chen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiaki_Morita=Chiaki Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shu_Chang_(actress)=Shu Chang (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rino_Katase=Rino Katase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_O'Neill_(actor)=Edward O'Neill (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Munro_(actor)=Douglas Munro (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuhiro_Ichiki=Mitsuhiro Ichiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Paxton=Sydney Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_McRae_(actor)=Duncan McRae (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Craig_(actor)=Gordon Craig (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeObia_Oparei=DeObia Oparei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_Sterroll=Gertrude Sterroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Webb=Dick Webb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xie_Na=Xie Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Emery=Polly Emery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Dayton=Lewis Dayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renee_Kelly=Renee Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hallett=Henry Hallett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeline_Hayden_Coffin=Adeline Hayden Coffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Morgan=Joan Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Gaye=Howard Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Anderson_(actress)=Dallas Anderson (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Kingston=Mark Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parineeti_Chopra=Parineeti Chopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Schulz=Barbara Schulz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_O'Brien_(actor)=Terence O'Brien (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Skillan=George Skillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Balfour_(actress)=Eve Balfour (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel_Martin-Harvey=Muriel Martin-Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Saxby=Lily Saxby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Cornish=Vera Cornish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lindsay_(actor)=James Lindsay (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Kirby=Joyce Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Carlisle=Peggy Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Halliday=Lena Halliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Harding_Steerman=A. Harding Steerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Davis=Rex Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudie_Dunham=Maudie Dunham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ireland_(actor)=Anthony Ireland (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna_Davies=Edna Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Brough=Antonia Brough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liu_Yuxin=Liu Yuxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Lockton=Joan Lockton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_McDougall=Rex McDougall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Zhang=Hans Zhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Livesey=Barry Livesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Bevan=Cecil Bevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Croker-King=Charles Croker-King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tilson-Chowne=Charles Tilson-Chowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Roughwood=Owen Roughwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vallis=Robert Vallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Teng_(Singapore)=Lee Teng (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Barlow=Jeff Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruna_Yabuki=Haruna Yabuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Handy=James Handy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker_McGuire=Tucker McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Bramhall=Dorothy Bramhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Macaulay=Tom Macaulay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Bedos=Nicolas Bedos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_Shuang_(actress,_born_1991)=Zheng Shuang (actress, born 1991)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauderdale_Maitland=Lauderdale Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabel_Leventon=Annabel Leventon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhao_Yihuan=Zhao Yihuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyssa_Chia=Alyssa Chia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Martins=Sara Martins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Ouazani=Sabrina Ouazani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglantine_Rembauville=Eglantine Rembauville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Culkin=Michael Culkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hu_Xia=Hu Xia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jia_Nailiang=Jia Nailiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Axberg=Eddie Axberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Lindstedt=Pierre Lindstedt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivy_Chen=Ivy Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Morgan_(actor)=Charles Morgan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Stewart_(actor)=Jack Stewart (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Wilson_(actor)=Ian Wilson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Rains=Fred Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Sorley=Edward Sorley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Leslie=Rolf Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booth_Conway=Booth Conway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_de_Solla=Rachel de Solla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.E._George=A.E. George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Leigh=Austin Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Cochrane=Frank Cochrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Witty=John Witty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genine_Graham=Genine Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Brimmell=Max Brimmell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Sharp=Leonard Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Gordon=Dorothy Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor_Reid=Trevor Reid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Lack=Simon Lack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_Miller=Magda Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Williams_(actor)=Leonard Williams (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Connor_(actor)=Patrick Connor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Stainton=Philip Stainton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Strange=Philip Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peng_Yuyan=Peng Yuyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Millward=Dawson Millward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Lane_(actor)=Arthur Lane (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Lang_(actor)=Harold Lang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Muir_(actor)=Douglas Muir (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Raynor=Sheila Raynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Taylor_(actor)=Larry Taylor (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cui_Peng_(actor)=Cui Peng (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsie_Wagstaff=Elsie Wagstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlett_Mullins=Bartlett Mullins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Kann=Lily Kann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Adair_(actor)=Robert Adair (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Atkinson_(actor)=Frank Atkinson (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hartley=Robert Hartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayumi_Yoshida=Mayumi Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machiko_Kawana=Machiko Kawana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sterne=David Sterne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Biles=Oliver Biles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ni_Ni=Ni Ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pihla_Viitala=Pihla Viitala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miao_Pu=Miao Pu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Helm=Fay Helm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zhihui=Chen Zhihui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kento_Kaku=Kento Kaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bao_Guo'an=Bao Guo'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Kazemy=Sarah Kazemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Yikuan=Yan Yikuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Pradal=Bruno Pradal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Michael=Pierre Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Michel=Jean-Claude Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Rassam=Julien Rassam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Nicaud=Philippe Nicaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Maguelon=Pierre Maguelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arisa_Komiya=Arisa Komiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Le_Vigan=Robert Le Vigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre-Ulric_Dubuisson=Pierre-Ulric Dubuisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serge_Sauvion=Serge Sauvion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Souplex=Raymond Souplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Daurand=Jean Daurand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Martinelli=Jean Martinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Baquet=Maurice Baquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Kemm=Jean Kemm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Krauss=Henry Krauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Darras=Jean-Pierre Darras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Chapot=Jean Chapot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Deschamps=Hubert Deschamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Virlogeux=Henri Virlogeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Fabbri=Jacques Fabbri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxime_Leroux=Maxime Leroux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bouillaud=Charles Bouillaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moor=Robert Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Titre=Claude Titre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Le_Poulain=Jean Le Poulain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Claudio=Jean Claudio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Djanik=Henry Djanik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Dutertre=Armand Dutertre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Doris=Pierre Doris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Maillot=Maurice Maillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Colline=Paul Colline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Legras=Jacques Legras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Charby=Jacques Charby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Etcheverry=Michel Etcheverry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Hurtaut_Dancourt=Louis Hurtaut Dancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Vincent=Roger Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Meyrand=Pierre Meyrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thierry_Fortineau=Thierry Fortineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Attal=Henri Attal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Musson=Bernard Musson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Guillemin=Patrick Guillemin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Kay=Harold Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Debary=Jacques Debary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiao_Zhenyu=Qiao Zhenyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Cunningham_(actor)=Richard Cunningham (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwok_Fung=Kwok Fung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_Andrews=Jessie Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Yue_(actor)=Wu Yue (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akane_Tomonaga=Akane Tomonaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Gerrier=Marin Gerrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian_Zhijun=Qian Zhijun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriko_Nakamura=Eriko Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringo_Aoba=Ringo Aoba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahoko_Kinoshita=Nahoko Kinoshita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Sum=Sammy Sum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Chew=Dennis Chew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Kung=Katy Kung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunjaku_Han=Bunjaku Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobunaga_Shimazaki=Nobunaga Shimazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikio_Narita=Mikio Narita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fumio_Watanabe=Fumio Watanabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Chan_Chi-san=Jason Chan Chi-san
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Leslie=Eddie Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jitsuko_Yoshimura=Jitsuko Yoshimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako_Midori=Mako Midori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Sia=Melvin Sia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Cheung=Kelly Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideki_Ogihara=Hideki Ogihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masayo_Hosono=Masayo Hosono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hui=Alfred Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyuki_Ono=Miyuki Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroko_Takemasa=Hiroko Takemasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takuma_Suzuki=Takuma Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Chang=Candy Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Vaillant=Greta Vaillant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_Leadbetter=Cindy Leadbetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Darel=Dominique Darel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Lawrence_(actor)=Mark Lawrence (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddy_Darrall=Maddy Darrall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chow_Chung=Chow Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cilla_Kung=Cilla Kung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Ser=Diana Ser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keisuke_Koide=Keisuke Koide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Lamy=Alexandra Lamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jouannet=Thomas Jouannet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_Sheridan=Katie Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Ryan=Dylan Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Lam=King Kong Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bernard_(actor)=John Bernard (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Cheung=Stanley Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Funck=Eva Funck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Ng=Vincent Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Johansson=Douglas Johansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jukichi_Uno=Jukichi Uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheri-An_Davis=Sheri-An Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Brennan=Stuart Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Wilshin=Sunday Wilshin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junie_Astor=Junie Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Sologne=Madeleine Sologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomy_Bourdelle=Thomy Bourdelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Dumesnil=Jacques Dumesnil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Vernon=Suzy Vernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Moreno=Marguerite Moreno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paule_Andral=Paule Andral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lamy=Charles Lamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Bert=Camille Bert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Bradin=Jean Bradin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_Jacquet=Gaston Jacquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Coquelin=Jean Coquelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Pierry=Marguerite Pierry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Armontel=Roland Armontel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Ohba=Kenji Ohba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatsu_Akasaki=Chinatsu Akasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Tarride=Abel Tarride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Tarride=Jacques Tarride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolla_Norman=Rolla Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Henley=Jacques Henley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Etchepare=Pierre Etchepare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christiane_Delyne=Christiane Delyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernand_Charpin=Fernand Charpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germaine_Michel=Germaine Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlette_Poirier=Arlette Poirier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelle_Praince=Marcelle Praince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Vattier=Robert Vattier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Andrieux=Luc Andrieux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Ripert=Colette Ripert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Kessel=Sam Kessel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Palau=Pierre Palau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Maupi=Marcel Maupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_de_Morlaye=Marguerite de Morlaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Salou=Louis Salou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Dol=Mona Dol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Karl=Roger Karl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeleine_Robinson=Madeleine Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Legris=Roger Legris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Tissot=Alice Tissot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanna_Dilber=Suzanna Dilber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Rodriguez=Mel Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_Cadet=Rivers Cadet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Faivre=Paul Faivre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Nastorg=Michel Nastorg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy_Prim=Suzy Prim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Edholm=Rafael Edholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Hansson=Catherine Hansson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulla_Skoog=Ulla Skoog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_Chan=Astrid Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_Sundberg=Katrin Sundberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Duval=Daniel Duval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Ho=Lily Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Brogren=Lena Brogren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_Grahn=Matilda Grahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griselda_Yeung=Griselda Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norah_Gorsen=Norah Gorsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Sundbom=Maria Sundbom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Moritz=Nils Moritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_Brooke=Rebecca Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelle_Seth=Pelle Seth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwa_Boman=Iwa Boman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Blomberg=Anna Blomberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rikiya_Yasuoka=Rikiya Yasuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malin_Berghagen=Malin Berghagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Murata=Hiromi Murata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Lan=Qin Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Fabish=Georgia Fabish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Christian_Thulin=Hans-Christian Thulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Yumei=Wang Yumei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Leung=Lily Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Hourani=Dominique Hourani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Chao-chun=Jin Chao-chun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_Abbott=Frederic Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Lam=Alex Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Booker=Jane Booker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Chu=Mimi Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Tse_(singer)=Brian Tse (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hou_Baolin=Hou Baolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibelle_Hu=Sibelle Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitomi_Hase=Hitomi Hase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Beaune=Michel Beaune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Toja=Jacques Toja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Dacqmine=Jacques Dacqmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigrid_Holmquist=Sigrid Holmquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Party=Robert Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiharu_Kitaoka=Chiharu Kitaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leanne_Liu=Leanne Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Su_(actress)=Ma Su (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Melki=Claude Melki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Barbier=Christian Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_La_Brosse=Simon de La Brosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Bataille=Nicolas Bataille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Dandy=Raymond Dandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Yonnel=Jean Yonnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rino_Higa=Rino Higa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Nassiet=Henri Nassiet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Chan=Alice Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Claessens=Alain Claessens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raoul_Billerey=Raoul Billerey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Dutoit=Roger Dutoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Faraldo=Claude Faraldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Seiler=Jacques Seiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_(voice_actress)=Mina (voice actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascal_Mazzotti=Pascal Mazzotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Briquet=Sacha Briquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Alexandroni=Patrick Alexandroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Cogan=Henri Cogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Staquet=Georges Staquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_Rivero=Gabriela Rivero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Liedberg=Jessica Liedberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Huanshan=Xu Huanshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Uchida=Aya Uchida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Zhiguo=Du Zhiguo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Zihan=Chen Zihan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Miyake=Marie Miyake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minami_Tsuda=Minami Tsuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Veal=Jennifer Veal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michiko_Tanaka=Michiko Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Tordai=Teri Tordai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Stradner=Rose Stradner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Norrthon=Simon Norrthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayame_Goriki=Ayame Goriki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helga_Thomas=Helga Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Mak_Kit-man=Connie Mak Kit-man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_France=Claude France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margit_Manstad=Margit Manstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichiro_Sugai=Ichiro Sugai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryosuke_Kagawa=Ryosuke Kagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masao_Shimizu=Masao Shimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuriko_Hanabusa=Yuriko Hanabusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huguette_Duflos=Huguette Duflos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburo_Date=Saburo Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuko_Mito=Mitsuko Mito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumiko_Hidaka=Sumiko Hidaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Yamamura=So Yamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadako_Sawamura=Sadako Sawamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Maxudian=Max Maxudian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Faulks=Ben Faulks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koreya_Senda=Koreya Senda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranko_Hanai=Ranko Hanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Hamamura=Jun Hamamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mie_Kitahara=Mie Kitahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuo_Kaneko=Nobuo Kaneko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachiko_Murase=Sachiko Murase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taketoshi_Naito=Taketoshi Naito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinsuke_Ashida=Shinsuke Ashida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eitaro_Ozawa=Eitaro Ozawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_af_Sandeberg=Helena af Sandeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Davin=Amanda Davin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Chen-tung=Ko Chen-tung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azumi_Asakura=Azumi Asakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Yeung=Matt Yeung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidor_Torkar=Isidor Torkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Yamaguchi=Rie Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamao_Yoshida=Tamao Yoshida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megumi_Kagurazaka=Megumi Kagurazaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Kimura=Subaru Kimura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiromi_Igarashi=Hiromi Igarashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schildt=Peter Schildt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayato_Ichihara=Hayato Ichihara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiko_Horiuchi=Aiko Horiuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryony_Hannah=Bryony Hannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogo_Yamaguchi=Shogo Yamaguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinpei_Takagi=Shinpei Takagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavan_Kendall=Cavan Kendall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Hirano=Mai Hirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeo_Chii=Takeo Chii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayane_Sakura=Ayane Sakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Gao=Godfrey Gao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Barlow=Helena Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koji_Furuhata=Koji Furuhata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Tan=Romeo Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Descas=Alex Descas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andie_Chen=Andie Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Lee_(actress)=Tracy Lee (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Herlin=Jacques Herlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai_Xiangyu=Dai Xiangyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Pang=Kate Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Shuai_(actor)=Yuan Shuai (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Tan=Desmond Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiori_Mikami=Shiori Mikami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Yeo=Ben Yeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Zhenhuan_(actor)=Zhang Zhenhuan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Gilpin=Jean Gilpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Tsang=Derek Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Ke-liang=Chu Ke-liang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Leung=Oscar Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darryl_Yong=Darryl Yong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sora_Ma=Sora Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tore_Svennberg=Tore Svennberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_McCluskey_(actor)=George McCluskey (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Wang=Jeff Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Chong=Zen Chong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Hung-hsuan=Fan Hung-hsuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Yeo=Jerry Yeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darren_Lim=Darren Lim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulette_Noizeux=Paulette Noizeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_Robinne=Gabrielle Robinne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Shen=Nick Shen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Fan=Xu Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Lee=King Kong Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_Song=Constance Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramez_Galal=Ramez Galal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_San=William San
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Kang=Julien Kang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Wahlgren=Linus Wahlgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paola_Dionisotti=Paola Dionisotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Hockley=Andy Hockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Kheng_Ming=Wee Kheng Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavin_Soh=Cavin Soh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhang_Lei_(actor)=Zhang Lei (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryutarou_Akimoto=Ryutarou Akimoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Portman=Daniel Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moo_Yan_Yee=Moo Yan Yee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Yamashita=Ayaka Yamashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_Leong=Tiffany Leong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shao_Bing=Shao Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliza_Sam=Eliza Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Bingliang=Yan Bingliang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Ying_(actress)=Zhou Ying (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guo_Liang_(actor)=Guo Liang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Chung=Stella Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Chia=Michelle Chia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Mergault=Isabelle Mergault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kei_Yamamoto=Kei Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nako_Mizusawa=Nako Mizusawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Libing=Yang Libing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Tan=Florence Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ong=Thomas Ong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Berry_Brogan=Kerry Berry Brogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Goh=Debbie Goh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsel_Korey=Tinsel Korey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadine_Marshall=Nadine Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Chagrin=Julian Chagrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Tan=Evelyn Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rothwell_(actor)=Michael Rothwell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy_Chan=Amy Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Qing=Xu Qing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamelyn_Chee=Pamelyn Chee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lini_Evans=Lini Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Campbell_(actor)=Colin Campbell (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillaume_Gouix=Guillaume Gouix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_O'Toole=Dave O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Marie_Winling=Jean-Marie Winling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_Lefebvre_(actor)=Philippe Lefebvre (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominique_Davray=Dominique Davray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Zhou=Betty Zhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cariad_Lloyd=Cariad Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Chiang=Angel Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Lindgren=Hans Lindgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Balutin=Jacques Balutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Logan=Stanley Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Guesmi=Samir Guesmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Le_Coq=Bernard Le Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao-liang_Tan=Tao-liang Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Wei=Lee Wei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_Lopert=Tanya Lopert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risa_Taneda=Risa Taneda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Britt=Leo Britt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Uchiyama=Yumi Uchiyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xu_Zheng_(actor)=Xu Zheng (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Hong_(actress,_born_1972)=Tao Hong (actress, born 1972)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Hong_(actress,_born_1969)=Tao Hong (actress, born 1969)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Vibert=Marcel Vibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Vernier_(actor)=Pierre Vernier (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikako_Komatsu=Mikako Komatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haruka_Yamazaki=Haruka Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Kemble-Cooper=Lillian Kemble-Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Cheung=Nicola Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riria=Riria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yudai_Chiba=Yudai Chiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Kirby=Grace Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumi_Kitta=Izumi Kitta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_To=Dennis To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shun_Miyazato=Shun Miyazato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanroh_Ishida=Tanroh Ishida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesley_Fitz-Simons=Lesley Fitz-Simons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Payne_(actor)=Will Payne (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Bracken=Kate Bracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Caves=David Caves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgann_Johnson=Georgann Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junzaburo_Ban=Junzaburo Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Carling=Victoria Carling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kei_Tanaka=Kei Tanaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Barclay=Eric Barclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Hallard=Ian Hallard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Muylaert=Fernando Muylaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Holmes_(actor)=Tim Holmes (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuiko_Tatsumi=Yuiko Tatsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arisa_Noto=Arisa Noto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuko_Takayama=Yuko Takayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Liu=Annie Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_Wright=Rufus Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahiro_Yoshimizu=Takahiro Yoshimizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayuri_Konno=Ayuri Konno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlene_Rothlein=Arlene Rothlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theresa_Lee=Theresa Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Chang=Ken Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baldwin_(actor)=Robert Baldwin (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Ngai=Kong Ngai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxane_Duran=Roxane Duran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Moriarty_(actor)=Paul Moriarty (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lin=Andrew Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Wenfei=Song Wenfei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ao_Takahashi=Ao Takahashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chen_Xiao=Chen Xiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Loo=Bonnie Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan_Ryder=Dylan Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomi_Yamamoto=Nozomi Yamamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olla_Ramlan=Olla Ramlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sita_Chan=Sita Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Robertson=Marie Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Chik=Jonathan Chik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Baihe=Bai Baihe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Howarth=Kevin Howarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Luodan=Wang Luodan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuhisa_Kawahara_(actor)=Kazuhisa Kawahara (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Quartermaine=Leon Quartermaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Jacquin=Abel Jacquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Lancret=Bernard Lancret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_John=Cornell John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Fielding=Douglas Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Parr_(actress)=Katherine Parr (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Waller-Bridge=Phoebe Waller-Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annica_Smedius=Annica Smedius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiro_Dan=Jiro Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucile_Saint-Simon=Lucile Saint-Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Ryusei=Ryo Ryusei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Di=Mao Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Worms=Jean Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Mercer=Olive Mercer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelle_Chantal=Marcelle Chantal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Marchat=Jean Marchat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuya_Yamaguchi_(actor)=Tatsuya Yamaguchi (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Bazely=Sally Bazely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_Tillette=Caroline Tillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_White_Shah=Jennifer White Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Karabatsos=Ron Karabatsos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Rhodes=Earl Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Down=Angela Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Legeay=Denise Legeay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sproule=Peter Sproule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Andersson=Morgan Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuyuki_Okitsu=Kazuyuki Okitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Li-hua=Yang Li-hua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Darfeuil=Colette Darfeuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christa_Theret=Christa Theret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Bertrand_(actor)=Claude Bertrand (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Chou=Nick Chou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Greene_(actor)=James Greene (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Chen=Annie Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Chan=Grace Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Kemp=Martin Kemp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karole_Rocher=Karole Rocher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elaiza_Ikeda=Elaiza Ikeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerstin_Granlund=Kerstin Granlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroki_Hasegawa=Hiroki Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shefali_Chowdhury=Shefali Chowdhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samir_Boitard=Samir Boitard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lau_Wai_Ming=Lau Wai Ming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Chen=Michelle Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryden_Murdoch=Bryden Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Macqueen=Harry Macqueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brooke=Tom Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Gloag=Helena Gloag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayden_Yuan=Jayden Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Makepeace=Deborah Makepeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Xin=Jiang Xin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaynor_Hodgson=Gaynor Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siobhan_O'Neill=Siobhan O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahisa_Maeyama=Takahisa Maeyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscilla_Wong=Priscilla Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaki_Leung=Kaki Leung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Lau=Billy Lau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Grybe=Stig Grybe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Kwan=Sharon Kwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Mahmoud_Abdel_Aziz=Mohamed Mahmoud Abdel Aziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chieko_Aioi=Chieko Aioi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuro_Watabe=Atsuro Watabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikumi_Hayama=Ikumi Hayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Nishio=Mari Nishio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiji_Miyashita=Eiji Miyashita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiki_Masuda=Toshiki Masuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nike_Arrighi=Nike Arrighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dag_Malmberg=Dag Malmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noriko_Eguchi=Noriko Eguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucie_Jeanne=Lucie Jeanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayuri_Hara=Sayuri Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reina_Triendl=Reina Triendl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceara_O'Neill=Ceara O'Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hung_Sin-nui=Hung Sin-nui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Hsieh=Jeannie Hsieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kei_Suma=Kei Suma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Pickard=Helena Pickard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi_Miura=Takeshi Miura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mado_Maurin=Mado Maurin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hobbs_(actor)=Jack Hobbs (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violet_Graham=Violet Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Pang=Bennett Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Roa=Kenji Roa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anneli_Martini=Anneli Martini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Feihong=Yu Feihong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Chiao=Vincent Chiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Cakes=Daisy Cakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lin_Xiawei=Lin Xiawei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_Lee_Yen=Athena Lee Yen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yako_Chan=Yako Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiga_Lin=Shiga Lin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manami_Numakura=Manami Numakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awa_Ly=Awa Ly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yao_Yao=Yao Yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juri_Nagatsuma=Juri Nagatsuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzanne_Dalbert=Suzanne Dalbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Saynor=Ian Saynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sora_Amamiya=Sora Amamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yohanna_Idha=Yohanna Idha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Gage=Ryan Gage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_Ma=Celine Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyan_Cheng=Lyan Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Gozzi=Patricia Gozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Thunberg=Olof Thunberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annica_Risberg=Annica Risberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leif_Liljeroth=Leif Liljeroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_Lasseby=Stig Lasseby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liao_Fan=Liao Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Shu-na=Chiang Shu-na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Wang_(actor)=Chris Wang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Walker_(actor)=Martin Walker (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Tan=Julie Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Burnham=Edward Burnham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini_Chang=Mini Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makoto_Furukawa=Makoto Furukawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Sidaway_(actor)=Robert Sidaway (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catrin_Westerlund=Catrin Westerlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryo_Hayami=Ryo Hayami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Nielsen=Monica Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Billquist=Carl Billquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Ernback=Hans Ernback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birger_Lensander=Birger Lensander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Erik_Lindqvist=Jan Erik Lindqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Brodin=Helena Brodin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunilla_Olsson=Gunilla Olsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellan_Roos=Bellan Roos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire_Duhamel=Claire Duhamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Hedlund=Roland Hedlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agda_Helin=Agda Helin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann-Sofie_Kylin=Ann-Sofie Kylin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Sohlman=Rolf Sohlman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Lindblom=Anita Lindblom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Green=Lars Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frej_Lindqvist=Frej Lindqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sven_Holmberg=Sven Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Eklund=Nils Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl-Axel_Elfving=Carl-Axel Elfving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lis_Nilheim=Lis Nilheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Zacharias=Ann Zacharias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Godenius=Anna Godenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dolman=Richard Dolman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina_Gunke=Nina Gunke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerd_Hagman=Gerd Hagman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl-Axel_Heiknert=Carl-Axel Heiknert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torgny_Anderberg=Torgny Anderberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agneta_Ekmanner=Agneta Ekmanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sune_Mangs=Sune Mangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larisa_Bakurova=Larisa Bakurova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Graham=Clive Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cole_(actor)=Joe Cole (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuyoshi_Koyama=Tsuyoshi Koyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulf_Eklund=Ulf Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiron_Holmberg=Weiron Holmberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Wigren=Hans Wigren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojan_Westin=Bojan Westin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Tapia=Gloria Tapia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Casadesus=Christian Casadesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Mason=Elliott Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Cohen_(actor)=Jonathan Cohen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnaud_Ducret=Arnaud Ducret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Hu=Melrose Hu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Haran=Scott Haran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiona_Chalmers=Fiona Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dada_Chan=Dada Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Laage=Barbara Laage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puff_Kuo=Puff Kuo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Lai=Megan Lai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margreth_Weivers=Margreth Weivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Habay=Andrea Habay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeannie_Chan=Jeannie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chika_Anzai=Chika Anzai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taishi_Murata=Taishi Murata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reika_Kirishima=Reika Kirishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Naya=Beverly Naya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Kemp-Welch=Joan Kemp-Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Xue_(actress)=Han Xue (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micheline_Dax=Micheline Dax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Kao=Sharon Kao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Marly=Florence Marly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Chung=Betty Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Bernard=Jean-Pierre Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Tessier=Valentine Tessier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Wong_Chee-Hynn=Jonathan Wong Chee-Hynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengt_Dalqvist=Bengt Dalqvist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Tazaki=Jun Tazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Pow=Shane Pow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figaro_Tseng=Figaro Tseng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Brettel=Colette Brettel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryohei_Otani=Ryohei Otani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bai_Fan_(actor)=Bai Fan (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Silver_(actor)=George Silver (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Long=Reginald Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivienne_Chatterton=Vivienne Chatterton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Wood_(actor)=Fred Wood (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_Han_(actor,_born_1938)=Chin Han (actor, born 1938)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_Han_(actor,_born_1946)=Chin Han (actor, born 1946)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hawkey=Ben Hawkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misaki_Momose=Misaki Momose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Ng=Philip Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Yuen=Andrew Yuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caisar_Aditya_Putra=Caisar Aditya Putra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Lindberg=Augusta Lindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Chu=Tracy Chu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacqueline_Wong=Jacqueline Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hung=Tony Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Chia=Kimberly Chia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinji_Takeda=Shinji Takeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fang=Ian Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanori_Ishii=Masanori Ishii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisuke_Kikuta=Daisuke Kikuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Magre=Judith Magre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Cheung=Owen Cheung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliana_Laine=Liliana Laine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Ma=Marc Ma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.B._Brydon=W.B. Brydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Knight=Elizabeth Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luhan_(singer)=Luhan (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_Wu=Kris Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandy_Wong=Kandy Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_Lee=Tia Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Baldoni=Emily Baldoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Abrahamsson=Eric Abrahamsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilding_Gavle=Hilding Gavle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Ziedner=Lili Ziedner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin_Ekelund=Karin Ekelund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubbing_Janaki=Dubbing Janaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakane_Yonekura=Masakane Yonekura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Shison=Jun Shison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armelle=Armelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Yang_(actor)=Yang Yang (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Tsuchiya=Tao Tsuchiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Brown_(actor)=Edwin Brown (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacelyn_Tay=Jacelyn Tay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Singuineau=Frank Singuineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lim_Kay_Tong=Lim Kay Tong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Calfan=Nicole Calfan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenichi_Yajima=Kenichi Yajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brice_Fournier=Brice Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Liu=Jasper Liu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent_Lafitte=Laurent Lafitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Keda=Wong Keda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiang_Yiyan=Jiang Yiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmoud_Abdel_Aziz=Mahmoud Abdel Aziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Cheng=Fred Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikoi_Sasaki=Mikoi Sasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzie_Devrish=Ozzie Devrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Lamy=Audrey Lamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Binstead=Jack Binstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yat-fei_Wong=Yat-fei Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Denarnaud=Marie Denarnaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nico_Tatarowicz=Nico Tatarowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Wong=Kenny Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Fukushima=Jun Fukushima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medi_Sadoun=Medi Sadoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ary_Abittan=Ary Abittan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noom_Diawara=Noom Diawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Piaton=Julia Piaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_Dupuis=Claudine Dupuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxi_Iglesias=Maxi Iglesias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe_Wang_(Taiwanese_actress)=Chloe Wang (Taiwanese actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nami_Tsukamoto=Nami Tsukamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Abadie=William Abadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Pol=Alice Pol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudhir_Pandey=Sudhir Pandey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Schmitz_(actress)=Hanna Schmitz (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Pang=Aloysius Pang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Cheng=Ryan Cheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_Wong=Carrie Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Huang=Jerry Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Schildt=Johan Schildt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pong_Nan=Pong Nan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Bruce=Joan Bruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lam_Pou-chuen=Lam Pou-chuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aenie_Wong=Aenie Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimiko_Yo=Kimiko Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Eklund=Mira Eklund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinny_Ng=Jinny Ng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Xu=Jeffrey Xu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Luz=Mark Luz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayu_Matsuoka=Mayu Matsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepe_Viyuela=Pepe Viyuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lan_Yan=Lan Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Dong_(actor)=Han Dong (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug_Cockle=Doug Cockle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islah_Abdur_Rahman=Islah Abdur Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayaka_Asai=Ayaka Asai
