http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_Building=Empire State Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthenon=Parthenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanar=Manzanar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annesley_Hall=Annesley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Bank_of_the_United_States=Second Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bank_of_the_United_States=First Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodleian_Library=Bodleian Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London_Line=East London Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_David's_Cathedral=St David's Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge=London Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethnal_Green_tube_station=Bethnal Green tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_International_Airport=Baghdad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Avenue=Madison Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Springs=Barton Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsway_Tunnel=Kingsway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall=Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermine_Street=Ermine Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Finance_Centre=International Finance Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_History_Library=Family History Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton_Airport=Luton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charing_Cross_railway_station=Charing Cross railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Patrick's_Cathedral_(Manhattan)=St. Patrick's Cathedral (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham_railway_station=Bellingham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Town_tube_station=Camden Town tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_International_Airport=Orlando International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London_Airport=East London Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airport=Brussels Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Sanford_International_Airport=Orlando Sanford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_Territorial_Prison=Yuma Territorial Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Cathedral=Southwark Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station=Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolic_Palace=Apostolic Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealey_Plaza=Dealey Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westcombe_Park_railway_station=Westcombe Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome=Pantheon, Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berghof_(residence)=Berghof (residence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kehlsteinhaus=Kehlsteinhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N8_road_(Ireland)=N8 road (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyama_Shrine_(Ishikawa)=Oyama Shrine (Ishikawa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetLife_Building=MetLife Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Castle=Hearst Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume_Dam=Hume Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilburn_tube_station=Kilburn tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal_Green_station=Kensal Green station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_station=Farringdon station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisham_station=Lewisham station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James's_Park_tube_station=St. James's Park tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_Gate_railway_station=New Cross Gate railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_railway_station=New Cross railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Stewart_Gardner_Museum=Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary-le-Bow=St Mary-le-Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Waterloo_East_railway_station=London Waterloo East railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna_River=Susitna River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Tower=Osaka Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_Library=Queens Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streatham_railway_station=Streatham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Baiyun_International_Airport_(former)=Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (former)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Highway=Dalton Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura_Freeway=Ventura Freeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Navy_Yard=Washington Navy Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rylands_Library=John Rylands Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_of_India=Gateway of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_Southwark=St George's Cathedral, Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_State_Hospital_(California)=Metropolitan State Hospital (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_World_Financial_Center=Shanghai World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscarshall=Oscarshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical/Market_Center_(TRE_station)=Medical/Market Center (TRE station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gare_de_Paris-Est=Gare de Paris-Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_London_Hospital=Royal London Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Chemistry=Royal Society of Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityLink=CityLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeongui_Line=Gyeongui Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlain_Bridge,_Montreal=Champlain Bridge, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzakumon=Suzakumon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Stockholm=Parliament House, Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Avenue_Subway=Second Avenue Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Cross_Parkway=Wilbur Cross Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Flats_Plant=Rocky Flats Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosslyn_Station=Rosslyn Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Charleston=College of Charleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Highway_(Australia)=Pacific Highway (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warragamba_Dam=Warragamba Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Museum=Brooklyn Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Hudson_Street=30 Hudson Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Western_Highway=Great Western Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsom_railway_station=Epsom railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Albert_railway_station=Mont Albert railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matunga_Road=Matunga Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namba_Parks=Namba Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parks_Tower_(Namba_Parks)=Parks Tower (Namba Parks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ent_AFB_Defense_Area=Ent AFB Defense Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sengaku-ji=Sengaku-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLC_Centre=MLC Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadmeadows_railway_station,_Melbourne=Broadmeadows railway station, Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Prince_Alfred_Hospital=Royal Prince Alfred Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=Wall Street (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Hall=Aston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shureimon=Shureimon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Street_(MBTA_station)=Park Street (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Stadium=Alamo Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harringay_railway_station=Harringay railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harringay_Green_Lanes_railway_station=Harringay Green Lanes railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catford_railway_station=Catford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catford_Bridge_railway_station=Catford Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adashino_Nenbutsu-ji=Adashino Nenbutsu-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsumae_Castle=Matsumae Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Road_railway_station=Camden Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampstead_tube_station=Hampstead tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_House_Office_Building=Cannon House Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Park_railway_station=Manor Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Central_Convention_Complex=Manchester Central Convention Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Pontchartrain_Causeway=Lake Pontchartrain Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsue_Castle=Matsue Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Rail_(Hong_Kong)=Light Rail (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Blue_Yokohama=Wild Blue Yokohama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Bay_Bridge=Chesapeake Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Mine=Consolidated Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genkan=Genkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammachi_Station=Tammachi Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnington_Castle=Donnington Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irori=Irori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_House=Ham House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbourne_Park_tube_station=Westbourne Park tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagaia_Ocean_Dome=Seagaia Ocean Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_London_Line=West London Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikspiari=Ikspiari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Apollo=Hammersmith Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Adolf_Church,_Liverpool=Gustav Adolf Church, Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_MRT_Station=City Hall MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boon_Lay_MRT_Station=Boon Lay MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changi_Airport_MRT_Station=Changi Airport MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasir_Ris_MRT_Station=Pasir Ris MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Bay_MRT_Station=Marina Bay MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_TV_Tower=Guangzhou TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Postal_Museum=National Postal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Route_40=Illinois Route 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan's_Bridge=Trajan's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lots_Road_Power_Station=Lots Road Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longwood_Medical_Area_(MBTA_station)=Longwood Medical Area (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglinton_(TTC)=Eglinton (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayview_(TTC)=Bayview (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_(TTC)=Leslie (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufferin_(TTC)=Dufferin (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst_(TTC)=Bathurst (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_House=Lancaster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Theatre_(Japan)=Imperial Theatre (Japan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruoka_Castle=Maruoka Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Highway=Overseas Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Highway_(Australia)=Lincoln Highway (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruckner_Expressway=Bruckner Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Confederacy=Museum of the Confederacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie=Brasserie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallions_Reach_DLR_station=Gallions Reach DLR station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line=IRT Lexington Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Tacubaya=Metro Tacubaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Tacuba=Metro Tacuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provincial_temple=Provincial temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Union_Center=Times Union Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IND_Sixth_Avenue_Line=IND Sixth Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngee_Ann_City=Ngee Ann City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_TV_Tower=Nagoya TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Bridge=Theodore Roosevelt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jalpaiguri_railway_station=New Jalpaiguri railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Fisher=Fort Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_San_Antonio_Abad=Metro San Antonio Abad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Annunciation=Cathedral of the Annunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Dyre_Avenue_Line=IRT Dyre Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross-Harbour_Tunnel=Cross-Harbour Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Subway=Market Street Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_railway_station=Hayes railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_581=Interstate 581
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Johns_railway_station=St Johns railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racquet_and_Tennis_Club=Racquet and Tennis Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikuta_Shrine=Ikuta Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skudai_Highway=Skudai Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumbrian_Coast_Line=Cumbrian Coast Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Centre=Kingdom Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atami_Yowado=Atami Yowado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carshalton_railway_station=Carshalton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waddon_railway_station=Waddon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont_railway_station_(Sutton)=Belmont railway station (Sutton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Port_Tower=Kobe Port Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie_Airport=Sault Ste. Marie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republica_metro_station=Republica metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethnal_Green_railway_station=Bethnal Green railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Shinano=Shin Shinano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_railway_station=Liverpool railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_&_Harlington_railway_station=Hayes & Harlington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester_Park_railway_station=Worcester Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kii_Channel_HVDC_system=Kii Channel HVDC system
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Margarets_(London)_railway_station=St Margarets (London) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitton_railway_station=Whitton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford_railway_station=Brentford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Bridge_Bus_Station=George Washington Bridge Bus Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burneside_railway_station=Burneside railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staveley_railway_station=Staveley railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal_Rise_railway_station=Kensal Rise railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roose_railway_station=Roose railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillingham_(Kent)_railway_station=Gillingham (Kent) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Yat_Sen_Nanyang_Memorial_Hall=Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanmon_Bridge=Kanmon Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Center=XL Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Field_Municipal_Airport=Brown Field Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedham_(Norfolk)_railway_station=Reedham (Norfolk) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Ride=Batman: The Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Margarets_(Hertfordshire)_railway_station=St Margarets (Hertfordshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford_East_railway_station=Hertford East railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Autoroute_5=Quebec Autoroute 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Creek_Generating_Station=Wolf Creek Generating Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Life_Insurance_Company_Tower=Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOA_Museum_of_Art=MOA Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Route_132=Quebec Route 132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Crossing_Historic_Park=Washington Crossing Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Autoroute_10=Quebec Autoroute 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Derbyshire)_railway_station=Hope (Derbyshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Junction_Railroad_and_Depot_Company=Grand Junction Railroad and Depot Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Insurance_Arena=Cross Insurance Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverton_railway_station=Wolverton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_St._Andrew_and_St._Paul=Church of St. Andrew and St. Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Robinson_Ballpark=Jackie Robinson Ballpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_Penitentiary=Washington State Penitentiary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runyang_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Runyang Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_West_(Metro-North_station)=Mount Vernon West (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournemouth_railway_station=Bournemouth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berrima_Correctional_Centre=Berrima Correctional Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corridor_D=Corridor D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cod_Central_Railroad=Cape Cod Central Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mita_Hachiman_Jinja=Mita Hachiman Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlington_railway_station=Harlington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Place=Canada Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_Scream_Machine_(Six_Flags_Great_Adventure)=Great American Scream Machine (Six Flags Great Adventure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrer_Park_MRT_Station=Farrer Park MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindenwold_(NJT_station)=Lindenwold (NJT station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okinawa_Prefecture_Government_Building=Okinawa Prefecture Government Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyoran-ji=Gyoran-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feniton_railway_station=Feniton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrendong_Dam=Burrendong Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station_(Chicago_terminal)=Central Station (Chicago terminal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Union_Station_(Massachusetts)=Springfield Union Station (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrillo_National_Monument=Cabrillo National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Municipal_Airport=Alliance Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Smoky_Mountains_Parkway=Great Smoky Mountains Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carvery=Carvery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_State_Route_24=Tennessee State Route 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melba_Line=Melba Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Stratford_City=Westfield Stratford City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand_Airport,_Kjevik=Kristiansand Airport, Kjevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_1A=U.S. Route 1A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenhower_Executive_Office_Building=Eisenhower Executive Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstEnergy_Park=FirstEnergy Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Creek_Dam=Wolf Creek Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjong_Pagar_MRT_Station=Tanjong Pagar MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Liberal_Club=National Liberal Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Science_Center=California Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_57=Pier 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_8=Texas State Highway 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwamura_Castle=Iwamura Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt_Memorial_Bridge=Butt Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft_Bridge=Taft Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radyr_railway_station=Radyr railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitchurch_(Hants)_railway_station=Whitchurch (Hants) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumano_Shrine_(Yamagata)=Kumano Shrine (Yamagata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_(SEPTA_station)=Wayne (SEPTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro_Airport=Faro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Shinjuku_Line=Toei Shinjuku Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Escape=Superman Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlington_(Lancashire)_railway_station=Adlington (Lancashire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meols_Cop_railway_station=Meols Cop railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapeltown_railway_station=Chapeltown railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2_road_(Northern_Ireland)=A2 road (Northern Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_183=Texas State Highway 183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_Loop_12=Texas State Highway Loop 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipsburg_Manor_House=Philipsburg Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnham_railway_station=Barnham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontchartrain_Expressway=Pontchartrain Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_railway_station=Ford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_railway_station=Woodhouse railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsukiji_Hongan-ji=Tsukiji Hongan-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engawa=Engawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Revere_House=Paul Revere House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Camp_State_Park=China Camp State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrer_Road_MRT_Station=Farrer Road MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lancashire_Railway=West Lancashire Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford_North_railway_station=Hertford North railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Greek_Theatre=Hearst Greek Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_St._Josaphat=Basilica of St. Josaphat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Albert_Railway_Station=Mount Albert Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlane_Railway_Station=Greenlane Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samseong_Station=Samseong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ttukseom_Station=Ttukseom Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Stanley_Airport=Port Stanley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_5=Ontario Highway 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altenstein=Altenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_Church,_Handsworth=St Mary's Church, Handsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhiwbina_railway_station=Rhiwbina railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsuyama_Castle_(Iyo)=Matsuyama Castle (Iyo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincheon_Station=Sincheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusuma=Fusuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Expressway=Riverside Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paro_Airport=Paro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyle_railway_station=Pyle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanhope_Airport=Stanhope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_Our_Lady_of_the_Assumption,_Port-au-Prince=Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Port-au-Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Life_Building,_Montreal=Canada Life Building, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_United_Church_(Scarborough)=Knox United Church (Scarborough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harstad/Narvik_Airport,_Evenes=Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapperton_Railway_Tunnel=Sapperton Railway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_House=East India House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Street_railway_station=Buchanan Street railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai_Lam_Tunnel=Tai Lam Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langham_Place_(Hong_Kong)=Langham Place (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Tower,_Shanghai=Bank of China Tower, Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abergele_and_Pensarn_railway_station=Abergele and Pensarn railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Art_Museum=Tokugawa Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seisonkaku=Seisonkaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochdale_railway_station=Rochdale railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowbrook/Rosa_Parks_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Willowbrook/Rosa Parks (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunomata_Castle=Sunomata Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Tower_(San_Francisco)=Columbus Tower (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Building_(Tokyo)=Sony Building (Tokyo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_City_Hall=Cape Town City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Street_Bridges=11th Street Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Prince_Hotel_Takanawa=Grand Prince Hotel Takanawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfinity_Center_(Mansfield,_Massachusetts)=Xfinity Center (Mansfield, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Park_railway_station=Edinburgh Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunston_Hall=Gunston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lancashire_Line=East Lancashire Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damai_LRT_Station,_Singapore=Damai LRT Station, Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ueda_Castle=Ueda Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_and_City_Duma=City Hall and City Duma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasegawa_Machiko_Art_Museum=Hasegawa Machiko Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Center_(Milwaukee)=U.S. Bank Center (Milwaukee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokusho_Shrine,_Okazaki=Rokusho Shrine, Okazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shore_Line_Trolley_Museum=Shore Line Trolley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Coal Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Line=Sagami Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Harbour_Water_Airport=Vancouver Harbour Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Inner_Harbour_Airport=Victoria Inner Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Airport_Water_Aerodrome=Victoria Airport Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Subway_Extension=7 Subway Extension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Square_Studios=Times Square Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_Light=St. Johns River Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Field_(Midway_Atoll)=Henderson Field (Midway Atoll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billingham_railway_station=Billingham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shildon_railway_station=Shildon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Parkway_(Brooklyn)=Ocean Parkway (Brooklyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapelton_railway_station=Chapelton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiiori=Chiiori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmouth_railway_station=Barmouth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_Light=St. Johns Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Governors=Palace of the Governors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Meriken_Park_Oriental_Hotel=Kobe Meriken Park Oriental Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrot_Tower=Carrot Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Island_Light=Devils Island Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodford_railway_station=Woodford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Tower=Canton Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Runner_Railway=Road Runner Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Stevens_(Washington,_D.C.)=Fort Stevens (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Leavenworth_National_Cemetery=Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_County_Courthouse=Allegheny County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Center_at_Boca_Raton=Town Center at Boca Raton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_railway_station=Burnside railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appley_Bridge_railway_station=Appley Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_America_(VTA)=Great America (VTA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlington_(Cheshire)_railway_station=Adlington (Cheshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelford_railway_station=Chelford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eccles_railway_station=Eccles railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Highway_136=Iowa Highway 136
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City_(Booragoon)=Garden City (Booragoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Lake_Bridge=Okanagan Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konohana_Bridge=Konohana Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakato_Bridge=Wakato Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjong_Pagar_railway_station=Tanjong Pagar railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_8=Ontario Highway 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzaku_Avenue=Suzaku Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ince_(Wigan)_railway_station=Ince (Wigan) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Ascension,_Episcopal_(Manhattan)=Church of the Ascension, Episcopal (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Harrison_Dam=Leslie Harrison Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddenham_and_Thame_Parkway_railway_station=Haddenham and Thame Parkway railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Pagoda,_Phnom_Penh=Silver Pagoda, Phnom Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield_railway_station=Hatfield railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royston_railway_station=Royston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelford_railway_station=Shelford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audley_End_railway_station=Audley End railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roydon_railway_station=Roydon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Flintshire)_railway_station=Hope (Flintshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinku_Gate_Tower_Building=Rinku Gate Tower Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreton_(Dorset)_railway_station=Moreton (Dorset) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innoshima_Bridge=Innoshima Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_City_Air_Terminal=Tokyo City Air Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akinada_Bridge=Akinada Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara_Station_(California)=Santa Clara Station (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erdington_railway_station=Erdington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Kremlin_Palace=State Kremlin Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gare_de_Lille_Flandres=Gare de Lille Flandres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Route=Great Northern Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Avenue_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Pacific Avenue (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Coast_Highway_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Pacific Coast Highway (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Street_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Willow Street (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCTV_Headquarters=CCTV Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton_Hall=Seaton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Hospital=Georgetown Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiss_Air_Force_Base=Griffiss Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danchi=Danchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandenong_Bypass=Dandenong Bypass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longbridge_railway_station=Longbridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Verdes_Library_District=Palos Verdes Library District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Highway_23=Louisiana Highway 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Route_116=Quebec Route 116
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_Inferno=Nemesis Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Dam_(New_South_Wales)=Cochrane Dam (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_N_Holler=Hoot N Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_East_(Metro-North_station)=Mount Vernon East (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Woodhouse_railway_station=Mansfield Woodhouse railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apperley_Bridge_railway_station=Apperley Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kaunda_International_Airport=Kenneth Kaunda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Chester_(Metro-North_station)=Port Chester (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farington_railway_station=Farington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M4_Western_Motorway=M4 Western Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M5_South_Western_Motorway=M5 South Western Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Battle_House_Tower=RSA Battle House Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwoman's_Whip=Catwoman's Whip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Elohim=Congregation Beth Elohim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ship_Church=Old Ship Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Theatre=Regal Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishinomiya_Shrine=Nishinomiya Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kita-Senju_Station=Kita-Senju Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Street_subway_station=Buchanan Street subway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadfield_railway_station=Hadfield railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_City,_Tokyo=Sunshine City, Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_Scream_Machine_(Six_Flags_Over_Georgia)=Great American Scream Machine (Six Flags Over Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_(building)=Spiral (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishiwada_Castle=Kishiwada Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wile_E._Coyote_Canyon_Blaster=Wile E. Coyote Canyon Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgans_Hotel=Morgans Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16th_Street_Station=16th Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berezovka_(airport)=Berezovka (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingdon_(Amtrak_station)=Huntingdon (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens_Airport=St Helens Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlwind_(roller_coaster)=Whirlwind (roller coaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilone_Bridge=Basilone Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulton_(North_Yorkshire)_railway_station=Moulton (North Yorkshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamiizumi_Castle=Kamiizumi Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Museum_Park=One Museum Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hempstead_Branch=West Hempstead Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshi_Ryokan=Hoshi Ryokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapporo_Grand_Hotel=Sapporo Grand Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefa-utaki=Sefa-utaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wile_E._Coyote's_Grand_Canyon_Blaster=Wile E. Coyote's Grand Canyon Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_Light_Rail=Jerusalem Light Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddee_Koaster=Kiddee Koaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Memorial_Bridge=Walnut Lane Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hill_Mall=Chapel Hill Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacifico_Yokohama=Pacifico Yokohama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddie_Coaster=Kiddie Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Cross_Highway=Wilbur Cross Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_(roller_coaster)=Vampire (roller coaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Smoky_Mountains_Expressway=Great Smoky Mountains Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Beach_Public_Library=Huntington Beach Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenpuku-ji=Zenpuku-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_MainPlace=Westfield MainPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsumine_Castle=Mitsumine Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Coast_Airport=Whitsunday Coast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Correctional_Facility=Miami Correctional Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashenden_(Headcorn)_Airfield=Lashenden (Headcorn) Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantham_Hospital=Grantham Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vic_Theatre=The Vic Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael's_Church_(99th_Street,_Manhattan)=St. Michael's Church (99th Street, Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_&_Ohio_Railroad_Station,_Philadelphia=Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Station, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intex_Osaka=Intex Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bont_Newydd_railway_station=Bont Newydd railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynwyd_railway_station=Cynwyd railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Railway_Main_Line=Sagami Railway Main Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_London=St George's Cathedral, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Queen=Lexington Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Baptist_Church=Riverside Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_International_Peace_Center=Osaka International Peace Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_Sant'Ambrogio=Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_San_Antonio=Metro San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClellan_Airfield=McClellan Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_at_Mill_Creek=The Mall at Mill Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Industrial_Airport=Hawthorne Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinraku-ji=Jinraku-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Moore=Fort Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_Bridge,_New_South_Wales=Grafton Bridge, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwith_railway_station=Bramwith railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casapueblo=Casapueblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Inn_(Washington)=Paradise Inn (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_City_Municipal_Airport=Forest City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwith_(WR&G)_railway_station=Bramwith (WR&G) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampang_LRT_Station=Ampang LRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoi-mori_Arena=Aoi-mori Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Dam=Ross Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintomiza=Shintomiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_London=Westfield London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudland_Bridge_railway_station=Maudland Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukagawa_Station=Fukagawa Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastrup_Station=Kastrup Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Choral_Synagogue=Great Choral Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_South_Airport=Smolensk South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_North_Airport=Smolensk North Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldbath_Fields_Prison=Coldbath Fields Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busan_Lotte_Town_Tower=Busan Lotte Town Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Railway_Station=Shenzhen Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_at_Turtle_Creek=The Mall at Turtle Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Bus_Center=Hiroshima Bus Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taga-taisha=Taga-taisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planned_high-speed_rail_by_country=Planned high-speed rail by country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Allen_Building=Van Allen Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daishin-ji=Daishin-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruyama_Shrine=Maruyama Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saikai-ji=Saikai-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikaru_Memorial_Hall=Hikaru Memorial Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Garden_City=Westfield Garden City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takanawa_Shrine=Takanawa Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrave_Park_Hospital=Musgrave Park Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathom_House=Lathom House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akasaka-mitsuke_Station=Akasaka-mitsuke Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Union_Station_(Illinois)=Springfield Union Station (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Islip_(LIRR_station)=Central Islip (LIRR station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hills_Mall=Chapel Hills Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_City_Hall=Newcastle City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Marble_Cemetery=New York Marble Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kkachisan_Station=Kkachisan Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koishikawa_Annex,_The_University_Museum,_The_University_of_Tokyo=Koishikawa Annex, The University Museum, The University of Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takekoma_Inari_Shrine=Takekoma Inari Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komine_Castle=Komine Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Heart_Cathedral,_Yokohama=Sacred Heart Cathedral, Yokohama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown's_Hotel=Brown's Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawinigan_railway_station=Shawinigan railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_(Amtrak_station)=Huntington (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Square=Midland Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Illinois_(Amtrak_station)=Centralia, Illinois (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Tower_(Sacramento)=U.S. Bank Tower (Sacramento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John's_Health_Center=Saint John's Health Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah_TV_Tower=Jeddah TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teesside_power_station=Teesside power station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itami_Castle=Itami Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Tower_(building)=Bell Tower (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arita_Porcelain_Park=Arita Porcelain Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daian-ji=Daian-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Park_(Amtrak_station)=Winter Park (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okeechobee_(Amtrak_station)=Okeechobee (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos_Station=San Marcos Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrove_Park_Hospital=Musgrove Park Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Pleasant_Valley_Hospital=St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Medical_Center_(California)=St. John's Regional Medical Center (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howsham_railway_station,_North_Yorkshire=Howsham railway station, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Point_Shoal_Light=Sandy Point Shoal Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Medical_Center_(Missouri)=St. John's Regional Medical Center (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner_Cable_Amphitheater=Time Warner Cable Amphitheater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPR_Station_(Saskatoon)=CPR Station (Saskatoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Route_4=Delaware Route 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_railway_line,_New_South_Wales=Newcastle railway line, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_Hawley_House=Ephraim Hawley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Monument_(Chicago)=Victory Monument (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_House=Canada House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35_East_Wacker=35 East Wacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Palace,_Zagreb=Presidential Palace, Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_Loop_20=Texas State Highway Loop 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R390_road_(Ireland)=R390 road (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Broadway=West Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Hussar=The Gay Hussar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Land_Light=Erie Land Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_3B=Ontario Highway 3B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Marble_Cemetery=New York City Marble Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooles_Island_Light=Pooles Island Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg_Brothers_Department_Store=Rosenberg Brothers Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islip_(LIRR_station)=Islip (LIRR station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_83_in_Texas=U.S. Route 83 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_59_in_Texas=U.S. Route 59 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_281_in_Texas=U.S. Route 281 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_77_in_Texas=U.S. Route 77 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_84_in_Texas=U.S. Route 84 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Cedar_Point_Light=Lower Cedar Point Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagrera_railway_station=Sagrera railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Earth_(attraction)=Journey to the Center of the Earth (attraction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTTR=HTTR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Maurepas=Fort Maurepas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_College_Avenue=McGill College Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishiyama-dera=Ishiyama-dera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_Line=Cuckoo Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Daiichi_Nuclear_Power_Plant=Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Daini_Nuclear_Power_Plant=Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moffat_Library=Moffat Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomioka_Castle=Tomioka Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaegaki_Shrine=Yaegaki Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westgate_Center=Westgate Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawate_Castle=Kawate Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funai_Castle=Funai Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probasco_Fountain=Probasco Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewelers_Building_(1882)=Jewelers Building (1882)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(Erie_Railroad_station)=Aurora (Erie Railroad station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Bridge=Nelson Mandela Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J-PARC=J-PARC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbriar_Mall=Greenbriar Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Building_(Portland,_Oregon)=Wells Fargo Building (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugge_railway_station=Brugge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom_Hill_(Caltrain_station)=Blossom Hill (Caltrain station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Interchange_(Hutt_Central)_Railway_Station=Waterloo Interchange (Hutt Central) Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limelight_(Belfast)=The Limelight (Belfast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Harbour_(British_Columbia)=Victoria Harbour (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Johnson_Bunche_House=Ralph Johnson Bunche House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Choral_Synagogue=Grand Choral Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Mountain_(Disneyland)=Space Mountain (Disneyland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Canal=Columbia Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliffe_Power_Station=Radcliffe Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsumoto_Bus_Terminal=Matsumoto Bus Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton_House_(Seneca_Falls,_New_York)=Elizabeth Cady Stanton House (Seneca Falls, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Mills_Bridge_(New_York)=Halls Mills Bridge (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Covered_Bridge=Jackson Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hie_Shrine=Hie Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumenoshima_Tropical_Greenhouse_Dome=Yumenoshima Tropical Greenhouse Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ann's_Hospital,_Dorset=St Ann's Hospital, Dorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royton_railway_station=Royton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pylle_railway_station=Pylle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikugo_River_Lift_Bridge=Chikugo River Lift Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Theatre=Miller Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolwich_railway_station=Woolwich railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daejeon_Station=Daejeon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mielparque=Mielparque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamashina_Botanical_Research_Institute=Yamashina Botanical Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-Marunouchi_Building=Shin-Marunouchi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibuya_Public_Hall=Shibuya Public Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudlands_railway_station=Maudlands railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_Hall,_Osaka=Festival Hall, Osaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Kaikan=Kyoto Kaikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Airport_(Sergipe)=Santa Maria Airport (Sergipe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BCA_Center=The BCA Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Gardens=Sky Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jude_Medical_Center=St. Jude Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastgate_Square=Eastgate Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concorde_Tower=Concorde Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Junction_railway_station=Abingdon Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Grove_Weir=Cedar Grove Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Pocket_Dam=Cedar Pocket Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mark's_Episcopal_Church_(Washington,_D.C.)=St. Mark's Episcopal Church (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakata-za=Hakata-za
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Encantada=La Encantada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashihara_Shrine=Kashihara Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solae_(tower)=Solae (tower)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Daishi=Kawasaki Daishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsubaki_Grand_Shrine=Tsubaki Grand Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Building_(Baltimore)=Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai-kan_of_the_National_Diet_Library=Kansai-kan of the National Diet Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Road_Bridge_Halt_railway_station=Albert Road Bridge Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth_(Lancs)_railway_station=Portsmouth (Lancs) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_Halt_railway_station=Farringdon Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Park_Railway_Station,_Gracefield=Hutt Park Railway Station, Gracefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaguchi_Prefectural_Museum_of_Art=Yamaguchi Prefectural Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonago_City_Museum_of_Art=Yonago City Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Park_Railway_Station,_Petone=Hutt Park Railway Station, Petone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_Highway_1=Puerto Rico Highway 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Bridge=Walnut Lane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethabara_Moravian_Church=Bethabara Moravian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagano_Scenic_Railway=Sagano Scenic Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kineton_railway_station=Kineton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wells_Fargo_Center=One Wells Fargo Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemington_Power_Station=Lemington Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onondaga_Park=Onondaga Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Plaza_(Sacramento)=U.S. Bank Plaza (Sacramento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arlington=The Arlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_City_Hall_(Guelph)=Old City Hall (Guelph)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunma_Insect_World=Gunma Insect World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaji_Yumebutai=Awaji Yumebutai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton_House_(Tenafly,_New_Jersey)=Elizabeth Cady Stanton House (Tenafly, New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Maritime_Museum=Kobe Maritime Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukui_Castle=Fukui Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryston_railway_station=Ryston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolferton_railway_station=Wolferton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumamoto_Bus_Terminal=Kumamoto Bus Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peninsula_Link=Peninsula Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Energy_Tower_(Houston)=Devon Energy Tower (Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gassantoda_Castle=Gassantoda Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakumai_Castle=Hakumai Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Josaphat_Cathedral=St. Josaphat Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitchurch_Town_railway_station=Whitchurch Town railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glanford_Brigg_Power_Station=Glanford Brigg Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Municipal_Airport=Philadelphia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Plantation_(Halifax_County,_Virginia)=Brandon Plantation (Halifax County, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John's_Jerusalem=St John's Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Fifth_Avenue_Plaza=Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_Laboratory_and_Bureau=Volta Laboratory and Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitanosho_Castle=Kitanosho Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Street_Station=South Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Plaza=River Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Power_Station=Blyth Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezu_Shrine=Nezu Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Art_Museum_of_China=National Art Museum of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universalist_Society_Meetinghouse=Universalist Society Meetinghouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiko_Nishi_Ohashi_roadway_bridges=Meiko Nishi Ohashi roadway bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klingle_Valley_Bridge=Klingle Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Aqueduct=Avon Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royston_and_Notton_railway_station=Royston and Notton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HathiTrust=HathiTrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_Castle_(Hizen_Province)=Nagoya Castle (Hizen Province)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Clinton_Historic_District=Downtown Clinton Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_County_Library_System=Riverside County Library System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_Halt_railway_station=Black Rock Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Modern_Art,_Toyama=Museum of Modern Art, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirayama_Hime_Shrine=Shirayama Hime Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_de_Asis_Mission_Church=San Francisco de Asis Mission Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniester_Hydroelectric_Station=Dniester Hydroelectric Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorton-Greene_House=Gorton-Greene House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Belknap_(Texas)=Fort Belknap (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Orlando_Wheel=Great Orlando Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourdough_Lodge=Sourdough Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasu_Imperial_Villa=Nasu Imperial Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzaki_Imperial_Villa=Suzaki Imperial Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyPoint=SkyPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willington_(Bedfordshire)_railway_station=Willington (Bedfordshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alford_Town_railway_station=Alford Town railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_railway_station=Waltham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynemouth_power_station=Lynemouth power station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatiron_Building_(San_Francisco)=Flatiron Building (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Israel_West_Side_Jewish_Center=Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wansford_Road_railway_station=Wansford Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_Banks_Power_Station=Forth Banks Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Martin_Houses=Aaron Martin Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Street_(MBTA_Green_Line_%22C%22_Branch_station)=St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line "C" Branch station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Tower=Devon Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukui_Castle_(Settsu)=Fukui Castle (Settsu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_railway_station=Appleton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Street=Jones Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_(Suffolk)_railway_station=Bentley (Suffolk) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aigi_Bridge=Aigi Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inuyama_Bridge=Inuyama Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyokawa_Bridge=Toyokawa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Street_(MBTA_Green_Line_%22B%22_Branch_station)=St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line "B" Branch station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panasonic_Globe_Theatre=Panasonic Globe Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Palmer_House_(Portland,_Oregon)=John Palmer House (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_Church=Cornwall Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Airport=Whitsunday Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_Street_(Montreal)=McGill Street (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altgeld_Hall=Altgeld Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Dock_railway_station=Victoria Dock railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_%22Ukraine%22=Palace "Ukraine"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiji-za=Meiji-za
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogarth_railway_station=Gogarth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_King_Charles_the_Martyr,_Falmouth=Church of King Charles the Martyr, Falmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Theatre=Raymond Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Kowloon_Terminus=West Kowloon Terminus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_World_Financial_Center=Chongqing World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_World_Financial_Center=Tianjin World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aycliffe_railway_station=Aycliffe railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strata_SE1=Strata SE1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aynho_for_Deddington_railway_station=Aynho for Deddington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aynho_Park_railway_station=Aynho Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_St._Francis_Shangri-La_Place=The St. Francis Shangri-La Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notton_and_Royston_railway_station=Notton and Royston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Dome_City_Attractions=Tokyo Dome City Attractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_House=City House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton_power_stations=Wilton power stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Ukrainian_Orthodox_Cathedral=Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobu-Kuki_transmitter=Shobu-Kuki transmitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_by-the-sea_Protestant_Episcopal_Church=St. Paul's by-the-sea Protestant Episcopal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Towers=Silver Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Technical_High_School=Central Technical High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacArthur_Highway=MacArthur Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changping_Line,_Beijing_Subway=Changping Line, Beijing Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyama_Castle=Toyama Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attaqwa_Mosque=Attaqwa Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Prefectural_Flowers_Garden=Osaka Prefectural Flowers Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutual_Life_&_Citizens_Assurance_Company_Building=Mutual Life & Citizens Assurance Company Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Hall=Kingston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortlandt_Town_Center=Cortlandt Town Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Salina_Street_Historic_District=South Salina Street Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changqing_Road_Station=Changqing Road Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svedmyra_metro_station=Svedmyra metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_Koma_Theater=Shinjuku Koma Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shilton_railway_station=Shilton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futai-ji=Futai-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwell_railway_station=Blackwell railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissay_Theatre=Nissay Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takamatsu_Castle_(Sanuki)=Takamatsu Castle (Sanuki)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mt._Lebanon_Tunnel=Mt. Lebanon Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeyBank_Tower=KeyBank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bama_Theatre=Bama Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunkamura=Bunkamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_Power_Station=Westwood Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Water_Tower_(Kansas_City,_Missouri)=Waldo Water Tower (Kansas City, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemba_Airport_(Tanzania)=Pemba Airport (Tanzania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minato_Bridge=Minato Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington_(Link_station)=University of Washington (Link station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikon_Ohi_Factory=Nikon Ohi Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Airport=Colonia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Bunka_Kaikan=Tokyo Bunka Kaikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochdale_Road_Halt_railway_station=Rochdale Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Victoria_Eye_and_Ear_Hospital=Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshizaki_Castle=Hoshizaki Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoi_Aso_Shrine=Aoi Aso Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_High_Street_Halt_railway_station=Cheltenham High Street Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarpsno_(station)=Skarpsno (station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uda_Mikumari_Shrine=Uda Mikumari Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Runner_Rollercoaster=Road Runner Rollercoaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_Starr_House=Comfort Starr House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_railway_station=Fenton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbetta=Barbetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_Civic_Centre=Cape Town Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miwa_Shrine_(Gifu)=Miwa Shrine (Gifu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazi_Atik_Ali_Pasha_Mosque=Gazi Atik Ali Pasha Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichi_Arts_Center=Aichi Arts Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Road_Halt_railway_station=Junction Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Power_Plant=Somerset Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onigawara=Onigawara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_and_South_Western_Junction_Railway=Midland and South Western Junction Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hall_of_Fame_for_Famous_American_Indians=National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Rummelsburg_railway_station=Berlin-Rummelsburg railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Rummelsburg_Betriebsbahnhof_station=Berlin-Rummelsburg Betriebsbahnhof station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loomis_Homestead=Loomis Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibata_Castle=Shibata Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Town_Hall=Halifax Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_of_the_Americas=Mall of the Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higham_railway_station_(Suffolk)=Higham railway station (Suffolk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoatok=Anoatok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimcheon_Station=Gimcheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaepo_Station=Gaepo Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myeongdong_Station=Myeongdong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Gregory_the_Illuminator_Cathedral,_Yerevan=Saint Gregory the Illuminator Cathedral, Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncheon_Station=Suncheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolgok_Station=Wolgok Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kkachiul_Station=Kkachiul Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsan_Gymnasium_Station=Samsan Gymnasium Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanseong_Station=Sanseong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordsall_Lane_railway_station=Ordsall Lane railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkden_Low_Level_railway_station=Walkden Low Level railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadano_Castle=Hadano Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_Tower=Telus Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_Art_Gallery=Christchurch Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshino_Mikumari_Shrine=Yoshino Mikumari Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinpu_Shrine_(Yoshino)=Kinpu Shrine (Yoshino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshimizu_Shrine=Yoshimizu Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niutsuhime_Shrine=Niutsuhime Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oguni_Jinja=Oguni Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichi_Kinro_Kaikan=Aichi Kinro Kaikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_St._Paul_and_St._Andrew_(New_York_City)=Church of St. Paul and St. Andrew (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakone_Shrine=Hakone Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Moravian_Church,_Jamaica=Trinity Moravian Church, Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles_County_Smartt_Airport=St. Charles County Smartt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faringdon_railway_station=Faringdon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrymore_Theatre=Barrymore Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogi_Shrine_(Tokyo)=Nogi Shrine (Tokyo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Road_Halt_railway_station=Abingdon Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzon_Building=Luzon Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_Topper=Tree Topper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stretham_railway_station=Stretham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najima_Castle=Najima Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francois_Cousin_House_(Slidell,_Louisiana)=Francois Cousin House (Slidell, Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universalist_Meeting_House=Universalist Meeting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_East_Boston_High_School=Old East Boston High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luliang_Air_Base=Luliang Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meldon_railway_station=Meldon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakurin-ji_(Kakogawa)=Kakurin-ji (Kakogawa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changping_Road_Station=Changping Road Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higashi-Shimizu_Frequency_Converter=Higashi-Shimizu Frequency Converter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Gateway_station=Edinburgh Gateway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ann's_Episcopal_Church_(Bronx)=St. Ann's Episcopal Church (Bronx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerkenwell_Prison=Clerkenwell Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz-Carlton,_Washington,_D.C.=The Ritz-Carlton, Washington, D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongolo_Dam_(South_Africa)=Bongolo Dam (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Norwalk_Railroad_Bridge=South Norwalk Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Center_(Baltimore)=Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Road_Swing_Bridge=Barton Road Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_railway_station=Melbourne railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandra_Terminus=Bandra Terminus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Met_1=Met 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komaru_Castle=Komaru Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Building_(Great_Falls,_Montana)=Roberts Building (Great Falls, Montana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunshan_South_Railway_Station=Kunshan South Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongmyeong_Station=Cheongmyeong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_High_Street_railway_station=Cheltenham High Street railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Sacred_Heart_of_Jesus_(New_York_City)=Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_R._Newell_House_(Orlando,_Florida)=George R. Newell House (Orlando, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetbury_Road_railway_station=Tetbury Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Washington_Hotel_(Winchester,_Virginia)=The George Washington Hotel (Winchester, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_13_Business_(Salisbury,_Maryland)=U.S. Route 13 Business (Salisbury, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagahama_Hall=Nagahama Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Heart_Music_Hall=Sun Heart Music Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takarazuka_Vega_Hall=Takarazuka Vega Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Chapel=Fletcher Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_South_Pier_MRT_Station=Marina South Pier MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouvelle_railway_station=Nouvelle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botanical_Garden_metro_station=Botanical Garden metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Villa=Ashton Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Magsaysay=Fort Magsaysay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_Civic_Assembly_Hall=Nagoya Civic Assembly Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunan_Shuofang_International_Airport=Sunan Shuofang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wick=The Wick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_House,_Richmond_Hill=Wick House, Richmond Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryina_Roshcha_(Moscow_Metro)=Maryina Roshcha (Moscow Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford_railway_station_(1860-1942)=Brentford railway station (1860-1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edwards_House=John Edwards House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfrider=Surfrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brig_railway_station=Brig railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianus_River_Railroad_Bridge=Mianus River Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oryu_Station=Oryu Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Air_and_Space_Center=Virginia Air and Space Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longview_Farm=Longview Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Hotel=Captain Cook Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Parel_railway_station=Lower Parel railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Water_Tower_(Waldo,_Arkansas)=Waldo Water Tower (Waldo, Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_High_School=Allegheny High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Public_School=Springfield Public School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_funicular=Bellevue funicular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Alen_Building=Van Alen Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville_funicular_tramway=Belleville funicular tramway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigandang=Shigandang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Canyon_Dam=Carbon Canyon Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampines_East_MRT_Station=Tampines East MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampines_West_MRT_Station=Tampines West MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoeyang_Southeast_Airport=Hoeyang Southeast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Tunnel=Simpson Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Detention_House=Tokyo Detention House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozukue_Castle=Kozukue Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_House_(Manhattan)=Red House (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Solar_Power_Project=Blythe Solar Power Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bensen_House=Bensen House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Ravendale_Priory=West Ravendale Priory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olivet_Cumberland_Presbyterian_Church=Mount Olivet Cumberland Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pleasant=Fort Pleasant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Century_Place_Marunouchi=Pacific Century Place Marunouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodmen_of_the_World_Building_(Omaha,_Nebraska)=Woodmen of the World Building (Omaha, Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendai_Daikannon=Sendai Daikannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikoku_Saburo_Bridge=Shikoku Saburo Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Water_Gap_(Delaware,_Lackawanna_and_Western_Railroad_station)=Delaware Water Gap (Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Main_Post_Office=New Brunswick Main Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainton_Street_Halt_railway_station=Hainton Street Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_Center_Building=Shinjuku Center Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_Nomura_Building=Shinjuku Nomura Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihonbashi_Mitsui_Tower=Nihonbashi Mitsui Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nittele_Tower=Nittele Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Shiodome_Building=Tokyo Shiodome Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirasaki_Shrine=Hirasaki Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Photovoltaic_Power_Plant=Blythe Photovoltaic Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Building,_Kiev=Government Building, Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provo_Tabernacle=Provo Tabernacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGE_radar_stations=SAGE radar stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Horse_Tavern_(Old_Saybrook,_Connecticut)=Black Horse Tavern (Old Saybrook, Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chequerbent_railway_station=Chequerbent railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Encounter=Penguin Encounter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Ascension,_Roman_Catholic_(Manhattan)=Church of the Ascension, Roman Catholic (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Station_(MBTA_station)=South Station (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Bushnell_House=Elisha Bushnell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Art_Museum=Mori Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Prefectural_Government_Sakishima_Building=Osaka Prefectural Government Sakishima Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoer_Head=Stoer Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Keith's_Theater_(Flushing,_Queens)=RKO Keith's Theater (Flushing, Queens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nam_Pung_Dam=Nam Pung Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubol_Ratana_Dam=Ubol Ratana Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alleghany_County_Courthouse=Alleghany County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbrier_Mall=Greenbrier Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cleveland_Light=Cape Cleveland Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honpo_Jin'ya=Honpo Jin'ya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Point_Light=Cleveland Point Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianus_River_Bridge=Mianus River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagusuku_Castle=Nakagusuku Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_Prison=Cork Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Dam=Cochrane Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Victoria_Pier_railway_station=Hull Victoria Pier railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_City_Hall=Nagoya City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_City_Archives=Nagoya City Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichi_Prefectural_Government_Office=Aichi Prefectural Government Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higashiyama_Sky_Tower=Higashiyama Sky Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_City_Art_Museum=Nagoya City Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JR_Central_Towers=JR Central Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_Lucent_Tower=Nagoya Lucent Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_21=Oasis 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misono-za=Misono-za
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachariah_Curtiss_House=Zachariah Curtiss House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Municipal_Museum_of_Art=Toyota Municipal Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_City_Museum=Nagoya City Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsurumi_Tsubasa_Bridge=Tsurumi Tsubasa Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suemori_Castle=Suemori Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichi_Prefectural_Ceramic_Museum=Aichi Prefectural Ceramic Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_Agricultural_Center=Nagoya Agricultural Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity_Museum,_Nagoya=Electricity Museum, Nagoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunichi_Building=Chunichi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edappally_Junction=Edappally Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senpukan=Senpukan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibamata_Taishakuten=Shibamata Taishakuten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Monju-in=Abe Monju-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzuki_Castle=Yuzuki Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokuharamitsu-ji=Rokuharamitsu-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsukinowa-dera=Tsukinowa-dera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yashima-ji=Yashima-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taisan-ji_(Matsuyama)=Taisan-ji (Matsuyama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_City_Museum_of_Literature=Kobe City Museum of Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokuraku-ji_(Naruto)=Gokuraku-ji (Naruto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seihaku-ji=Seihaku-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaichi_School_Museum=Kaichi School Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atago_Jinja_(Kyoto)=Atago Jinja (Kyoto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anrakuju-in=Anrakuju-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishii_lock=Ishii lock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamochi_Jinja_(Hino)=Kamochi Jinja (Hino)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shitori_Jinja_(Yurihama)=Shitori Jinja (Yurihama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suwa_Jinja_(Chizu)=Suwa Jinja (Chizu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawa_Jinja_(Daisen)=Nawa Jinja (Daisen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakuto_Jinja_(Tottori)=Hakuto Jinja (Tottori)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakasa_Jinja=Wakasa Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taisan-ji_(Kamiita)=Taisan-ji (Kamiita)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aizen-in_(Itano)=Aizen-in (Itano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konsen-ji_(Itano)=Konsen-ji (Itano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dainichi-ji_(Itano)=Dainichi-ji (Itano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anraku-ji_(Kamiita)=Anraku-ji (Kamiita)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirihata-ji_(Awa)=Kirihata-ji (Awa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo-an_(teahouse)=Jo-an (teahouse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanrantei=Kanrantei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangetsu-ji=Mangetsu-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibitsu_Shrine=Kibitsu Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chequerbent_railway_station_(1831)=Chequerbent railway station (1831)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozu_kofungun=Mozu kofungun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furuichi_kofungun=Furuichi kofungun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsuta_polder_sluice_gates=Tatsuta polder sluice gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsukushima_Jinja_(Kushiro)=Itsukushima Jinja (Kushiro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebetsu_Jinja=Ebetsu Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwamizawa_Jinja=Iwamizawa Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Executive_Airpark=Austin Executive Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_C._Murphy_House=Paul C. Murphy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_J._Malarkey_House=Daniel J. Malarkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_and_Elizabeth_Malarkey_House=Herbert and Elizabeth Malarkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pipes_House=George Pipes House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_Pipes_House=Martin Luther Pipes House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postal_Building_(Portland,_Oregon)=Postal Building (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Wheeler_House=James E. Wheeler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora_Bryant_Wheeler_House=Cora Bryant Wheeler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustad_Church=Hustad Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Benavides_Library=Miguel de Benavides Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Building_(Memphis)=Exchange Building (Memphis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiului_metro_station=Jiului metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_I-Land_Tower=Shinjuku I-Land Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_L_Tower=Shinjuku L Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Luke's_Tower=Saint Luke's Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GranTokyo=GranTokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjuku_Oak_Tower=Shinjuku Oak Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marunouchi_Building=Marunouchi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Park_Shiodome_Tower=Royal Park Shiodome Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshima_Incineration_Plant=Toshima Incineration Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aomori_Prefecture_Tourist_Center=Aomori Prefecture Tourist Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malios=Malios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Demeure_Landmark_AKITA=Belle Demeure Landmark AKITA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big-i=Big-i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibaraki_Prefectural_Government_Building=Ibaraki Prefectural Government Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunma_Prefectural_Government_Building=Gunma Prefectural Government Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Tower_55=Elsa Tower 55
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porte_Kanazawa=Porte Kanazawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokkaichi_Port_Building=Yokkaichi Port Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbol_Tower=Symbol Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_Hiroba_21=Oasis Hiroba 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagoshima_Prefectural_Government_Building=Kagoshima Prefectural Government Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_View_Grand_Tower=Urban View Grand Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Tower_Sky_Club=Island Tower Sky Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokura_D.C._Tower=Kokura D.C. Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_R._Corbett_House=Elliott R. Corbett House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_railway_station,_Leicestershire=Moira railway station, Leicestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Hill_House=Richmond Hill House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelph_City_Hall=Guelph City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniester_Pumped_Storage_Power_Station=Dniester Pumped Storage Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toga_Shrine=Toga Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sup'ung_Dam=Sup'ung Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_State_Fair=Utah State Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_North_railway_station=Mount Vernon North railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile_Master=Missile Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumamoto_Shintoshin_Plaza=Kumamoto Shintoshin Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_136_in_Iowa=U.S. Route 136 in Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary_the_Virgin's_Church,_Fawley=St Mary the Virgin's Church, Fawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicks_Building=Wicks Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengde_Airport=Chengde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Theatre=Garden Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olive_Cumberland_Presbyterian_Church=Mount Olive Cumberland Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishiyama_Onsen_Keiunkan=Nishiyama Onsen Keiunkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_Coaster=The Dark Knight Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetbury_railway_station=Tetbury railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandra_railway_station=Bandra railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_Building=Wick Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayshore_Boulevard=Bayshore Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,_Ashoka_Road=20, Ashoka Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FGC_line_S5=FGC line S5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Former_Yamauchi_Residence=Former Yamauchi Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamosu_Jinja=Kamosu Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sada_Jinja=Sada Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miho_Jinja=Miho Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwadeyama_Castle=Iwadeyama Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumoto_Castle=Sumoto Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Horse_Pagoda,_Dunhuang=White Horse Pagoda, Dunhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagawa_Art_Museum=Sagawa Art Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khowai_Airport=Khowai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont_Airport=Clermont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saruka_Jinja=Saruka Jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seibi-en=Seibi-en
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cobra_(ride)=King Cobra (ride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_Mosque=Zagreb Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_General_Hospital_of_Nanjing_Military_Command=Nanjing General Hospital of Nanjing Military Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumfries_railway_station=Drumfries railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kankinara_railway_station=Kankinara railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furuwatari_Castle=Furuwatari Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg's_Department_Store=Rosenberg's Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcourt_railway_station,_County_Cork=Newcourt railway station, County Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinjarra_Power_Station=Pinjarra Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore_(Spotsylvania_County,_Virginia)=Kenmore (Spotsylvania County, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Coaster=X-Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutong_Airport=Lutong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapporo_Convention_Center=Sapporo Convention Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyuan_Dongji_Airport=Fuyuan Dongji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz-Carlton,_Georgetown=The Ritz-Carlton, Georgetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington_High_School_for_Girls=Kensington High School for Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Gate_Square=East Gate Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzhou_Railway_Station_(Metro)=Suzhou Railway Station (Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force_Western_Regional_Operations_Building=United States Air Force Western Regional Operations Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosshin-ji=Hosshin-ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eda-jinja=Eda-jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danmark_Church=Danmark Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowness_railway_station=Bowness railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Store_(Erie,_Pennsylvania)=Boston Store (Erie, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_Cartier=Maison Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angostura_Dam_(U.S.)=Angostura Dam (U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Seinenkan=Nippon Seinenkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Douglass_House=George Douglass House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosashi_tomb=Gosashi tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongxian_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongxian Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsan_Station=Samsan Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_State_Route_23=Louisiana State Route 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Hanjiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiban'gou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shiban'gou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_Cathedral,_Allahabad=All Saints Cathedral, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibanpo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shibanpo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lijiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Lijiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbeltown_railway_station=Campbeltown railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahiko-jinja=Yahiko-jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amatsu-jinja=Amatsu-jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kota_Shrine=Kota Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasamuta-jinja=Sasamuta-jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumiyoshi-jinja=Sumiyoshi-jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_Site_85=Lima Site 85
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgan_Airport,_Khovd=Bulgan Airport, Khovd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibitsuhiko_jinja=Kibitsuhiko jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibitsu_jinja_(Bingo)=Kibitsu jinja (Bingo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwa_jinja=Iwa jinja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emory_Point=Emory Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongtong_Station=Yeongtong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainan_Western_Ring_High-Speed_Railway=Hainan Western Ring High-Speed Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcestershire_Parkway_Regional_Interchange=Worcestershire Parkway Regional Interchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Sharana=Forward Operating Base Sharana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uji_Shrine=Uji Shrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_Presbyterian_Church_(Agincourt)=Knox Presbyterian Church (Agincourt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbeya_Airport=Mbeya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakinada_Port_railway_station=Kakinada Port railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugg_railway_station=Brugg railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Square_(Allston)_(MBTA_station)=Union Square (Allston) (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipurduar_Junction_railway_station=Alipurduar Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_System_radar_stations=Permanent System radar stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest_Motorway_Ring_Road=Bucharest Motorway Ring Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norddal_Church=Norddal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfield_Shakers_Historic_District_(Connecticut)=Enfield Shakers Historic District (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Creek_Mall=Turtle Creek Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Maris_Church,_Montevideo=Stella Maris Church, Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At-Taqwa_Mosque=At-Taqwa Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renge-ji_(Sanda)=Renge-ji (Sanda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_Automatic_Radar_Control=Matador Automatic Radar Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Combat_Center=Super Combat Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Defense_Direction_Center=Air Defense Direction Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Avenue_Bridge_(Clifton,_Arizona)=Park Avenue Bridge (Clifton, Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NORAD_Control_Center=NORAD Control Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Daein_Airport=Ed Daein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Crest_(Gladwyne,_Pennsylvania)=Cedar Crest (Gladwyne, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Wind_Airport=Trade Wind Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daeti_Station=Daeti Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourdough_Inn=Sourdough Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_Cathedral,_Allahabad=St. Joseph's Cathedral, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hubert_Airport_(Belgium)=Saint-Hubert Airport (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Hotel,_Fremantle=Norfolk Hotel, Fremantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Sugar_Museum_(Tainan)=Taiwan Sugar Museum (Tainan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Airport=Carolina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnham_Hospital=Farnham Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Sugar_Museum_(Kaohsiung)=Taiwan Sugar Museum (Kaohsiung)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Riverside_Park=One Riverside Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordal_Church=Nordal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Hudson_Yards=30 Hudson Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar_railway_station=Bidar railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Hospital=Newcastle Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortigas_Interchange=Ortigas Interchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Victorian_Eye_and_Ear_Hospital=Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_Town_Hall=Hobart Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leikanger_Church=Leikanger Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mielparque_Tokyo=Mielparque Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suyeong_Station_(Busan_Metro)=Suyeong Station (Busan Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deokcheon_Station=Deokcheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakagusuku_Hotel_ruins=Nakagusuku Hotel ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_World_Izunagaoka=Sports World Izunagaoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancang_Airport=Lancang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilaiya_Junction_railway_station=Tilaiya Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Tower_(Boston,_Massachusetts)=Millennium Tower (Boston, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid_Memorial_Church=Reid Memorial Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_of_Sri_Lanka_in_Tokyo=Embassy of Sri Lanka in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasat_Atik_Ali_Pasha_Mosque=Vasat Atik Ali Pasha Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Machine_(ride)=Scream Machine (ride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlabs_Imagica_Deep_Space=Adlabs Imagica Deep Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Quays_Shopping_Centre=Surrey Quays Shopping Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesher_Israel_Congregation_(Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania)=Kesher Israel Congregation (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_City_Hall=Hobart City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akasaka_ACT_Theater=Akasaka ACT Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Bird=Crazy Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Viaduct=Avon Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshunt_House=Cheshunt House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Booth_Memorial_Training_College_(Wellington)=William Booth Memorial Training College (Wellington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ansgar's_Church=St. Ansgar's Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasan=Lasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanning_Railway_Station=Nanning Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramiden_Museum=Pyramiden Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour_Building=Balfour Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Bells_Halt_railway_station=Six Bells Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_High_School_(historic)=Sisters High School (historic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournville_(Mon)_Halt_railway_station=Bournville (Mon) Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heugh_lighthouse=Heugh lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slangerup_Church=Slangerup Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gushikawa_Castle_(Kume)=Gushikawa Castle (Kume)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoyama_Theatre=Aoyama Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatuniye_Medresseh_(Tokat)=Hatuniye Medresseh (Tokat)
