http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_of_Darkness=Army of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_a_Nation=The Birth of a Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner=Blade Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blazing_Saddles=Blazing Saddles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Velvet_(film)=Blue Velvet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Lyndon=Barry Lyndon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_(film)=Buffy the Vampire Slayer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braveheart=Braveheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(1966_film)=Batman (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(1989_film)=Batman (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_&_Robin_(film)=Batman & Robin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Forever=Batman Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Returns=Batman Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Monster=Bride of the Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Kane=Citizen Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouching_Tiger,_Hidden_Dragon=Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariots_of_Fire=Chariots of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destry_Rides_Again=Destry Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(1980_film)=Dressed to Kill (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Strangelove=Dr. Strangelove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Boot=Das Boot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Dead=The Evil Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Innocent=Young and Innocent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain_in_Flames=Spain in Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_New_York=Escape from New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_Wide_Shut=Eyes Wide Shut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Dragon=Enter the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Dead_II=Evil Dead II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(1993_film)=Fearless (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinchcliffe_Grand_Prix=The Pinchcliffe Grand Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Weddings_and_a_Funeral=Four Weddings and a Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fantasy:_The_Spirits_Within=Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Love_(film)=Show Me Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Metal_Jacket=Full Metal Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Godzilla=Son of Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._the_Sea_Monster=Godzilla vs. the Sea Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroy_All_Monsters=Destroy All Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_vs._Godzilla=King Kong vs. Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_(1954_film)=Godzilla (1954 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Biollante=Godzilla vs. Biollante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Megalon=Godzilla vs. Megalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._King_Ghidorah=Godzilla vs. King Ghidorah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Mothra=Godzilla vs. Mothra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_of_Mechagodzilla=Terror of Mechagodzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Godzilla=The Return of Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_or_Glenda=Glen or Glenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Quest=Galaxy Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_and_Maude=Harold and Maude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathers=Heathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_(1933_film)=King Kong (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Life_of_Brian=Monty Python's Life of Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Streets=Mean Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manufacturing_Consent:_Noam_Chomsky_and_the_Media=Manufacturing Consent: Noam Chomsky and the Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_and_the_Holy_Grail=Monty Python and the Holy Grail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Congeniality_(film)=Miss Congeniality (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Neighbor_Totoro=My Neighbor Totoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulholland_Drive_(film)=Mulholland Drive (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Feebles=Meet the Feebles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanook_of_the_North=Nanook of the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Born_Killers=Natural Born Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Brother,_Where_Art_Thou%3F=O Brother, Where Art Thou?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Sin_(2001_film)=Original Sin (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgy_of_the_Dead=Orgy of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paths_of_Glory=Paths of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(1960_film)=Psycho (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Mononoke=Princess Mononoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocky_Horror_Picture_Show=The Rocky Horror Picture Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raging_Bull=Raging Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repo_Man_(film)=Repo Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Generations=Star Trek Generations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_II:_The_Wrath_of_Khan=Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_First_Contact=Star Trek: First Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Private_Ryan=Saving Private Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_(film)=Stargate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_to_Death=Scared to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Chain_Saw_Massacre=The Texas Chain Saw Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock_(film)=The Rock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Lebowski=The Big Lebowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breakfast_Club=The Breakfast Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graduate=The Graduate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_of_the_Lambs_(film)=The Silence of the Lambs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Driver=Taxi Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix=The Matrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_of_the_Will=Triumph of the Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Shrinking_Man=The Incredible Shrinking Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Dead=Night of the Living Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminator=The Terminator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Country=The Big Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Living_Dangerously_(film)=The Year of Living Dangerously (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Monkeys=12 Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Sense=The Sixth Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crying_Game=The Crying Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shawshank_Redemption=The Shawshank Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrorist_(1997_film)=The Terrorist (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_(1982_film)=The Thing (1982 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Planner=The Wedding Planner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trekkies_(film)=Trekkies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Bride_(film)=The Princess Bride (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_(1961_film)=The Parent Trap (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THX_1138=THX 1138
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Straight_Story=The Straight Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Samurai=Seven Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven=The Magnificent Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad_and_the_Ugly=The Good, the Bad and the Ugly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threads=Threads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_of_the_World=Until the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(film)=Unbreakable (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-571_(film)=U-571 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Strawberries_(film)=Wild Strawberries (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Desire=Wings of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Harry_Met_Sally...=When Harry Met Sally...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_(1970_film)=Waterloo (1970 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Speed_and_Time=The Wizard of Speed and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Fight=Why We Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WarGames=WarGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_(franchise)=Carry On (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Game=The War Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_(2000_film)=Traffic (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powaqqatsi=Powaqqatsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JFK_(film)=JFK (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Gump=Forrest Gump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Eve=All About Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman's_Agreement=Gentleman's Agreement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_(film)=Crossfire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Show_on_Earth=The Greatest Show on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Cowboy=Midnight Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Years_of_Our_Lives=The Best Years of Our Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Says_I_Love_You=Everyone Says I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Girls_(film)=Beautiful Girls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_but_Here_(film)=Anywhere but Here (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_to_Eternity=From Here to Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Weekend_(film)=The Lost Weekend (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicker_Man_(1973_film)=The Wicker Man (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Waterfront=On the Waterfront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_My_Way=Going My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bedroom=In the Bedroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_(film)=Chang (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_on_the_River_Kwai=The Bridge on the River Kwai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gattaca=Gattaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future=Back to the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-19:_The_Widowmaker=K-19: The Widowmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_of_Arabia_(film)=Lawrence of Arabia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(1995_film)=Heat (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apartment=The Apartment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty_(1999_film)=American Beauty (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Emile_Zola=The Life of Emile Zola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_(1936_film)=San Francisco (1936 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Fisherman=The Big Fisherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Heart_Is_(2000_film)=Where the Heart Is (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Ziegfeld=The Great Ziegfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Card_(film)=Green Card (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_Away=Cast Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_One_Night=It Happened One Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Arizona=In Old Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_(film)=Grand Hotel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_Revue_of_1929=The Hollywood Revue of 1929
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_the_Thousand_Days=Anne of the Thousand Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Crackers_(1930_film)=Animal Crackers (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reds_(film)=Reds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Laugh=The Last Laugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soylent_Green=Soylent Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss=The Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorba_the_Greek_(film)=Zorba the Greek (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky=Rocky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incubus_(1966_film)=Incubus (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane!=Airplane!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Narcissus=Black Narcissus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_(1927_film)=Metropolis (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Croft:_Tomb_Raider=Lara Croft: Tomb Raider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Remains_the_Same_(film)=The Song Remains the Same (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Kiss_(1995_film)=French Kiss (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Jedi=Return of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_I:_The_Phantom_Menace=Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_II:_Attack_of_the_Clones=Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luzhin_Defence=The Luzhin Defence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Last_Crusade=Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_at_Tiffany's_(film)=Breakfast at Tiffany's (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Needs_Women=Mars Needs Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1997_film)=Titanic (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Day_(1996_film)=Independence Day (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_(1998_film)=Armageddon (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_(film)=Star Wars (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Girl_Who_Lives_Down_the_Lane=The Little Girl Who Lives Down the Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story=Toy Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_Strikes_Back=The Empire Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Sky=Vanilla Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_Las_Vegas=Leaving Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiders_of_the_Lost_Ark=Raiders of the Lost Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Fever=Saturday Night Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_Fiction=Pulp Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_to_America=Coming to America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Planet=Forbidden Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Recall_(1990_film)=Total Recall (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_III:_Revenge_of_the_Sith=Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller's_Crossing=Miller's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Hollow_(film)=Sleepy Hollow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulan_(1998_film)=Mulan (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_(film)=Casablanca (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Darko=Donnie Darko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tora!_Tora!_Tora!=Tora! Tora! Tora!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(1962_film)=The Manchurian Candidate (1962 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyeball_(film)=Eyeball (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_(1987_film)=Wall Street (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Done_Him_Wrong=She Done Him Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Earth_(film)=The Good Earth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_Life=It's a Wonderful Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Fair_(1933_film)=State Fair (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Shoes_(1948_film)=The Red Shoes (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Brides_for_Seven_Brothers=Seven Brides for Seven Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Amy=Chasing Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Racket_(1928_film)=The Racket (1928 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(1927_film)=Wings (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Heaven_(1927_film)=7th Heaven (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy_(film)=Skippy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trader_Horn_(1931_film)=Trader Horn (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champ_(1931_film)=The Champ (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girl_(1931_film)=Bad Girl (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hour_with_You=One Hour with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Star_Final=Five Star Final
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Express_(film)=Shanghai Express (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiling_Lieutenant=The Smiling Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_for_a_Day=Lady for a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Fugitive_from_a_Chain_Gang=I Am a Fugitive from a Chain Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Henry_VIII=The Private Life of Henry VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_South=Song of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barretts_of_Wimpole_Street_(1934_film)=The Barretts of Wimpole Street (1934 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirtation_Walk=Flirtation Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Navy=Here Comes the Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Divorcee=The Gay Divorcee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_of_Love=One Night of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Rothschild=The House of Rothschild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Villa!=Viva Villa!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Parade=The White Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Man_(film)=The Thin Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibi_(1929_film)=Alibi (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broadway_Melody=The Broadway Melody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_House_(1930_film)=The Big House (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patriot_(2000_film)=The Patriot (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disraeli_(1929_film)=Disraeli (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divorcee=The Divorcee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Parade=The Love Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Melody_of_1936=Broadway Melody of 1936
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Blood_(1935_film)=Captain Blood (1935 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_a_Bengal_Lancer_(film)=The Lives of a Bengal Lancer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informer_(1935_film)=The Informer (1935 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Marietta_(film)=Naughty Marietta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1935_film)=David Copperfield (1935 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggles_of_Red_Gap=Ruggles of Red Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Adverse=Anthony Adverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Hat=Top Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libeled_Lady=Libeled Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Deeds_Goes_to_Town=Mr. Deeds Goes to Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Louis_Pasteur=The Story of Louis Pasteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Smart_Girls=Three Smart Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities_(1935_film)=A Tale of Two Cities (1935 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awful_Truth=The Awful Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_End_(1937_film)=Dead End (1937 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Old_Chicago=In Old Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_Men_and_a_Girl=One Hundred Men and a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Horizon_(1937_film)=Lost Horizon (1937 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Door=Stage Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_My_Mother=All About My Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise:_A_Song_of_Two_Humans=Sunrise: A Song of Two Humans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood_(film)=The Adventures of Robin Hood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Daughters=Four Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Illusion=La Grande Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_Pilot_(film)=Test Pilot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Victory=Dark Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Affair_(1939_film)=Love Affair (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninotchka=Ninotchka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Mice_and_Men_(1939_film)=Of Mice and Men (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Smith_Goes_to_Washington=Mr. Smith Goes to Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_(1939_film)=Stagecoach (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1933_film)=Alice in Wonderland (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sting=The Sting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Story_(film)=The Philadelphia Story (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_(2002_film)=The Ring (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_This,_and_Heaven_Too=All This, and Heaven Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Correspondent_(film)=Foreign Correspondent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dictator=The Great Dictator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Voyage_Home=The Long Voyage Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Dead_(1985_film)=Day of the Dead (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_of_Evil=Touch of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apt_Pupil_(film)=Apt Pupil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny_(film)=Lenny (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodfellas=Goodfellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Blue=The Big Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Dead=Dawn of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Knight's_Tale=A Knight's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler's_List=Schindler's List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigoletto_(film)=Rigoletto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_(1931_film)=M (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Away_Home=Fly Away Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conversation=The Conversation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Hall=Annie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_San_Pietro=The Battle of San Pietro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clue_(film)=Clue (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_the_Law_(film)=Above the Law (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_for_Death=Marked for Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Kill=Hard to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Siege=Under Siege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Deadly_Ground=On Deadly Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glimmer_Man=The Glimmer Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Decision=Executive Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Siege_2:_Dark_Territory=Under Siege 2: Dark Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_for_Justice=Out for Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Down_Below_(1997_film)=Fire Down Below (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Central_Park=Prince of Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticker_(2001_film)=Ticker (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Past_Dead=Half Past Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Wounds=Exit Wounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategic_Air_Command_(film)=Strategic Air Command (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caine_Mutiny_(film)=The Caine Mutiny (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_African_Queen_(film)=The African Queen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello_Meet_Frankenstein=Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Jazz_(film)=All That Jazz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Rib=Adam's Rib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatown_(1974_film)=Chinatown (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bank_Dick=The Bank Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Deadly=Kiss Me Deadly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_America=America America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Heaven_Allows=All That Heaven Allows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Jesus=The Blood of Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badlands_(film)=Badlands (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Graffiti=American Graffiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jazz_Singer=The Jazz Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde_(film)=Bonnie and Clyde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Lies=True Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(1926_film)=The General (1926 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_(film)=Jurassic Park (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCabe_&_Mrs._Miller=McCabe & Mrs. Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladykillers=The Ladykillers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirited_Away=Spirited Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Man=The Quiet Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Encounter=Brief Encounter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_Who's_Coming_to_Dinner=Guess Who's Coming to Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune_(film)=Dune (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Man=The Third Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellraiser=Hellraiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_from_the_Black_Lagoon=Creature from the Black Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_(film)=Signs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_(1992_Disney_film)=Aladdin (1992 Disney film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Band_Wagon=The Band Wagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Parade=The Big Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacksmith_Scene=Blacksmith Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Pirate=The Black Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Up_Baby=Bringing Up Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Blossoms=Broken Blossoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Frankenstein=Bride of Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chan_Is_Missing=Chan Is Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chulas_Fronteras=Chulas Fronteras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan's_Travels=Sullivan's Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheat_(1915_film)=The Cheat (1915 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Lights=City Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilization_(film)=Civilization (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cologne:_From_the_Diary_of_Ray_and_Esther=Cologne: From the Diary of Ray and Esther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_(film)=Cops (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czechoslovakia_1968=Czechoslovakia 1968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Corner_in_Wheat=A Corner in Wheat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cool_World_(film)=The Cool World (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Holzman's_Diary=David Holzman's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_by_Northwest=North by Northwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Birds_(1963_film)=Dead Birds (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Earth_Stood_Still=The Day the Earth Stood Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detour_(1945_film)=Detour (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Star_Man=Dog Star Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Docks_of_New_York=The Docks of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_the_Right_Thing=Do the Right Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deer_Hunter=The Deer Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dont_Look_Back=Dont Look Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Indemnity_(film)=Double Indemnity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Soup_(1933_film)=Duck Soup (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaux_d'Artifice=Eaux d'Artifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Rider=Easy Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.T._the_Extra-Terrestrial=E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exploits_of_Elaine=The Exploits of Elaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_House_of_Usher_(1928_American_film)=The Fall of the House of Usher (1928 American film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Norte_(film)=El Norte (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatty's_Tintype_Tangle=Fatty's Tintype Tangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Easy_Pieces=Five Easy Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(serial)=Flash Gordon (serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_of_Evil=Force of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Frontier=The Forgotten Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Film=Frank Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footlight_Parade=Footlight Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_(1940_film)=Fantasia (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaks=Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_(1931_film)=Frankenstein (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Manger_to_the_Cross=From the Manger to the Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_(1936_film)=Fury (1936 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Bites_Dog_(film)=Man Bites Dog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruise_(1970_film)=The Cruise (1970 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertie_the_Dinosaur=Gertie the Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_Rush=The Gold Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_II=The Godfather Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_(1925_film)=Grass (1925 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Train_Robbery_(1903_film)=The Great Train Robbery (1903 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Crazy=Gun Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greed_(film)=Greed (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heiress=The Heiress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Hinges=Hell's Hinges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_(1968_film)=High School (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Girl_Friday=His Girl Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Noon=High Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitch-Hiker=The Hitch-Hiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mexican=The Mexican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoosiers=Hoosiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hospital=The Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_the_Head_Hunters=In the Land of the Head Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immigrant_(1917_film)=The Immigrant (1917 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Won_(film)=How the West Was Won (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Body_Snatchers=Invasion of the Body Snatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_(1985_film)=Brazil (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rear_Window=Rear Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jammin'_the_Blues=Jammin' the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_(1915_film)=The Italian (1915 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_on_a_Summer's_Day=Jazz on a Summer's Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_(film)=Jaws (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King:_A_Filmed_Record..._Montgomery_to_Memphis=King: A Filmed Record... Montgomery to Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_of_Sheep=Killer of Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knute_Rockne,_All_American=Knute Rockne, All American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans_(1920_American_film)=The Last of the Mohicans (1920 American film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambchops=Lambchops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Eve=The Lady Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Beyond_the_Sunset=The Land Beyond the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_Come_Home=Lassie Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Learning_Tree=The Learning Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Picture_Show=The Last Picture Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_All_Go_to_the_Lobby=Let's All Go to the Lobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_(1944_film)=Laura (1944 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Death_of_9413:_a_Hollywood_Extra=The Life and Death of 9413: a Hollywood Extra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_Rosie_the_Riveter=The Life and Times of Rosie the Riveter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Story=Louisiana Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fugitive=Little Fugitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Desert=The Living Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Tonight=Love Me Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Finds_Andy_Hardy=Love Finds Andy Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Marker=Little Miss Marker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Nazi_Germany=Inside Nazi Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhatta=Manhatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_(film)=Manhattan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Me_in_St._Louis=Meet Me in St. Louis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meshes_of_the_Afternoon=Meshes of the Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Morgan's_Creek=The Miracle of Morgan's Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morocco_(film)=Morocco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Times_(film)=Modern Times (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Movie=A Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Box=The Music Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Darling_Clementine=My Darling Clementine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_Godfrey=My Man Godfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicion_(1941_film)=Suspicion (1941 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K_Foundation_Burn_a_Million_Quid=K Foundation Burn a Million Quid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceballs=Spaceballs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Spur=The Naked Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_(film)=Nashville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_But_a_Man=Nothing But a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Hunter_(film)=The Night of the Hunter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Opera_(film)=A Night at the Opera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Past=Out of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw_Josey_Wales=The Outlaw Josey Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ox-Bow_Incident=The Ox-Bow Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_House=Animal House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_(1969_film)=Z (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Liaisons=Dangerous Liaisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ran_(film)=Ran (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plow_That_Broke_the_Plains=The Plow That Broke the Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poor_Little_Rich_Girl=The Poor Little Rich Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_of_Ten_(film)=Powers of Ten (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Framed_Roger_Rabbit=Who Framed Roger Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_McKinley_Inauguration_Footage=President McKinley Inauguration Footage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Producers_(1968_film)=The Producers (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Public_Enemy=The Public Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Without_a_Cause=Rebel Without a Cause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Secaucus_7=Return of the Secaucus 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_(1948_film)=Red River (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regeneration_(1915_film)=Regeneration (1915 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_High_Country=Ride the High Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(1938_film)=The River (1938 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Holiday=Roman Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Morocco=Road to Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safety_Last!=Safety Last!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesman_(film)=Salesman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_(1959_film)=Shadows (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_of_the_Earth_(1954_film)=Salt of the Earth (1954 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarface_(1932_film)=Scarface (1932 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Searchers_(film)=The Searchers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_a_Doubt=Shadow of a Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock,_Jr.=Sherlock, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman's_March_(1986_film)=Sherman's March (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Corridor=Shock Corridor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(1971_film)=Shaft (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shop_Around_the_Corner=The Shop Around the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_(film)=Shane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_High_(1922_film)=Sky High (1922 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Like_It_Hot=Some Like It Hot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabu_(1931_film)=Tabu (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Boulevard_(film)=Sunset Boulevard (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White_and_the_Seven_Dwarfs_(1937_film)=Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs (1937 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tell-Tale_Heart_(1953_film)=The Tell-Tale Heart (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_T=The Tall T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Smell_of_Success=Sweet Smell of Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_of_Bagdad_(1924_film)=The Thief of Bagdad (1924 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Commandments_(1956_film)=The Ten Commandments (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Fly!=To Fly!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(1942_film)=To Be or Not to Be (1942 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_from_Another_World=The Thing from Another World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tootsie=Tootsie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Paradise_(film)=Trouble in Paradise (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verbena_Tragica=Verbena Tragica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_O'Clock_High=Twelve O'Clock High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transformers:_The_Movie=The Transformers: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_(film)=Vertigo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_My_Children%3F=Where Are My Children?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saludos_Amigos=Saludos Amigos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Success_Spoil_Rock_Hunter%3F=Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Caballeros=The Three Caballeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Bunch=The Wild Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_(1928_film)=The Wind (1928 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_Our_Gates=Within Our Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_of_the_Year=Woman of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Under_the_Influence=A Woman Under the Influence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Doodle_Dandy=Yankee Doodle Dandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_M_for_Murder=Dial M for Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing_Helena=Boxing Helena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossoms_in_the_Dust=Blossoms in the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Mr._Jordan=Here Comes Mr. Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Back_the_Dawn=Hold Back the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Foot_in_Heaven=One Foot in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_York_(film)=Sergeant York (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Row=Kings Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pied_Piper_(1942_film)=The Pied Piper (1942 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Harvest_(film)=Random Harvest (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talk_of_the_Town_(1942_film)=The Talk of the Town (1942 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_of_the_Yankees=The Pride of the Yankees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Island_(film)=Wake Island (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(1943_film)=Heaven Can Wait (1943 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Curie_(film)=Madame Curie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Which_We_Serve=In Which We Serve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_More_the_Merrier=The More the Merrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_on_the_Rhine=Watch on the Rhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_Bernadette_(film)=The Song of Bernadette (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_You_Went_Away=Since You Went Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne's_World_(film)=Wayne's World (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Christian_Andersen_(film)=Hans Christian Andersen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_(film)=Mary Poppins (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleship_Potemkin=Battleship Potemkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Red_Lantern=Raise the Red Lantern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchors_Aweigh_(film)=Anchors Aweigh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bells_of_St._Mary's=The Bells of St. Mary's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Mother=Bachelor Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mnemonic_(film)=Johnny Mnemonic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(1945_film)=Spellbound (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yearling_(film)=The Yearling (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_(1944_film)=Henry V (1944 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop's_Wife=The Bishop's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1948_film)=Hamlet (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snake_Pit=The Snake Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_on_34th_Street=Miracle on 34th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Belinda_(1948_film)=Johnny Belinda (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleground_(film)=Battleground (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_to_Three_Wives=A Letter to Three Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_(1950_film)=Father of the Bride (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Bravo_(film)=Rio Bravo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Temple_of_Doom=Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Weekend_(1993_film)=Dirty Weekend (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosferatu=Nosferatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumping_Iron=Pumping Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_Before_Dawn=Decision Before Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_(1985_film)=Witness (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Craft_(film)=The Craft (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_Me_(film)=Stand by Me (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare_in_Love=Shakespeare in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferris_Bueller's_Day_Off=Ferris Bueller's Day Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_IV:_The_Voyage_Home=Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_O'Brien=China O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_King=The Lion King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_City_(1939_film)=Dodge City (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bridge_Too_Far_(film)=A Bridge Too Far (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practical_Magic=Practical Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Better_Tomorrow=A Better Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Cagliostro=The Castle of Cagliostro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goonies=The Goonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Africa_(film)=Out of Africa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_13th_Warrior=The 13th Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_with_Disaster_(film)=Flirting with Disaster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibes_(film)=Vibes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Monkey_Zetterland=Inside Monkey Zetterland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karate_Kid=The Karate Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Coins_in_the_Fountain_(film)=Three Coins in the Fountain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Many-Splendored_Thing_(film)=Love Is a Many-Splendored Thing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_(1955_film)=Picnic (1955 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_(1956_film)=Giant (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_Persuasion_(film)=Friendly Persuasion (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayonara=Sayonara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Angry_Men_(1957_film)=12 Angry Men (1957 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_for_the_Prosecution_(1957_film)=Witness for the Prosecution (1957 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defiant_Ones=The Defiant Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_at_the_Top_(1959_film)=Room at the Top (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_a_Murder=Anatomy of a Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sundowners=The Sundowners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_at_Nuremberg=Judgment at Nuremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Gate_(film)=Heaven's Gate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wag_the_Dog=Wag the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Intentions=Cruel Intentions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showgirls=Showgirls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tigger_Movie=The Tigger Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Space=Office Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Stage=The Last Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_(film)=Blow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard=Die Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(1963_film)=Tom Jones (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilies_of_the_Field_(1963_film)=Lilies of the Field (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darling_(1965_film)=Darling (1965 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Zhivago_(film)=Doctor Zhivago (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Clowns=A Thousand Clowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_(film)=The Swan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_&_Me=Roger & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russians_Are_Coming,_the_Russians_Are_Coming=The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sand_Pebbles_(film)=The Sand Pebbles (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfie_(1966_film)=Alfie (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogma_(film)=Dogma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel,_Rachel=Rachel, Rachel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle_(film)=Doctor Dolittle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1968_film)=Romeo and Juliet (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Cassidy_and_the_Sundance_Kid=Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_(1994_film)=Speed (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Harbor_(film)=Pearl Harbor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patton_(film)=Patton (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_(1970_film)=Airport (1970 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Connection_(film)=The French Connection (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_and_Alexandra=Nicholas and Alexandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Spinal_Tap=This Is Spinal Tap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Boy=Cabin Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_aventura_llamada_Menudo=Una aventura llamada Menudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Hawk=Hudson Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Q=John Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Girl_(1995_film)=Party Girl (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1990_film)=Hamlet (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(2000_film)=Hamlet (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_(1996_film)=Hamlet (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Father_Was_Away_on_Business=When Father Was Away on Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_and_Silent_Bob_Strike_Back=Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naqoyqatsi=Naqoyqatsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Man=The Family Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliverance=Deliverance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emigrants_(film)=The Emigrants (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Towering_Inferno=The Towering Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Day_Afternoon=Dog Day Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Class_(film)=A Touch of Class (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_for_Glory_(film)=Bound for Glory (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_(film)=Network (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goodbye_Girl=The Goodbye Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Patient_(film)=The English Patient (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enigma_of_Kaspar_Hauser=The Enigma of Kaspar Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Thing_You_Do!=That Thing You Do!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throne_of_Blood=Throne of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unmarried_Woman=An Unmarried Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(1978_film)=Coming Home (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Can_Wait_(1978_film)=Heaven Can Wait (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Express_(film)=Midnight Express (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer_vs._Kramer=Kramer vs. Kramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Rae=Norma Rae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Away=Breaking Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Men_Don't_Wear_Plaid=Dead Men Don't Wear Plaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_to_Come=Things to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_the_Moon_(film)=Man on the Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_IV=Rocky IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohenjo_Daro_(film)=Mohenjo Daro (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_from_Hell=Girlfriend from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toxic_Avenger_(film)=The Toxic Avenger (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tromeo_and_Juliet=Tromeo and Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_Nuke_'Em_High=Class of Nuke 'Em High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainspotting_(film)=Trainspotting (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clueless_(film)=Clueless (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Becomes_Her=Death Becomes Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thelma_&_Louise=Thelma & Louise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Women_Want=What Women Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_People=Ordinary People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Miner's_Daughter_(film)=Coal Miner's Daughter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hawk_Down_(film)=Black Hawk Down (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Man_(film)=The Elephant Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_City_(1980_film)=Atlantic City (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_(film)=Missing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verdict=The Verdict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_and_Deliver=Stand and Deliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Magoo's_Christmas_Carol=Mister Magoo's Christmas Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Charlie_Brown_Christmas=A Charlie Brown Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terms_of_Endearment=Terms of Endearment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dresser=The Dresser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Stuff_(film)=The Right Stuff (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Mercies=Tender Mercies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Story=A Soldier's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_in_the_Heart=Places in the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prizzi's_Honor=Prizzi's Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_the_Spider_Woman_(film)=Kiss of the Spider Woman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_and_Her_Sisters=Hannah and Her Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platoon_(film)=Platoon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_a_Lesser_God=Children of a Lesser God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(1996_film)=Scream (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man=Dead Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topkapi_(film)=Topkapi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranus_(film)=Uranus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix_Reloaded=The Matrix Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fail-Safe_(film)=Fail-Safe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jailhouse_Rock_(film)=Jailhouse Rock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Emperor=The Last Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcast_News_(film)=Broadcast News (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Attraction=Fatal Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_and_Glory_(film)=Hope and Glory (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonstruck=Moonstruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Man=Rain Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Burning=Mississippi Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Girl=Working Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Miss_Daisy=Driving Miss Daisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Poets_Society=Dead Poets Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_of_Dreams=Field of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Left_Foot=My Left Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dances_with_Wolves=Dances with Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakenings=Awakenings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_(1990_film)=Ghost (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Part_III=The Godfather Part III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1991_film)=Beauty and the Beast (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsy=Bugsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Tides=The Prince of Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgiven=Unforgiven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howards_End_(film)=Howards End (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scent_of_a_Woman_(1992_film)=Scent of a Woman (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Road_(film)=Thunder Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_the_Father_(film)=In the Name of the Father (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piano=The Piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minority_Report_(film)=Minority Report (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.I._Artificial_Intelligence=A.I. Artificial Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Does_Dallas=Debbie Does Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Buckaroo_Banzai_Across_the_8th_Dimension=The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundhog_Day_(film)=Groundhog Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_Show_(film)=Quiz Show (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Postino:_The_Postman=Il Postino: The Postman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe_(film)=Babe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_13_(film)=Apollo 13 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_and_Sensibility_(film)=Sense and Sensibility (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo_(film)=Fargo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Maguire=Jerry Maguire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(film)=Shine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Good_as_It_Gets=As Good as It Gets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Full_Monty=The Full Monty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Confidential_(film)=L.A. Confidential (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Will_Hunting=Good Will Hunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_(film)=Elizabeth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Beautiful=Life Is Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Red_Line_(1998_film)=The Thin Red Line (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosford_Park=Gosford Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cries_and_Whispers=Cries and Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider_(film)=The Insider (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge!=Moulin Rouge!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braindead_(film)=Braindead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Boeing_(1965_film)=Boeing Boeing (1965 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patent_Leather_Kid=The Patent Leather Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_(film)=The Circus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_(1929_film)=Thunderbolt (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Goddess_(1930_film)=The Green Goddess (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Pond=The Big Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_(1929_film)=Bulldog Drummond (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condemned_(film)=Condemned (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogue_Song=The Rogue Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_(1910_film)=Thunderbolt (1910 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Kelly_Gang=The Story of the Kelly Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Claus_Conquers_the_Martians=Santa Claus Conquers the Martians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Brown=Mrs Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_to_Tango=Three to Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_Rush_In_(1997_film)=Fools Rush In (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Element=The Fifth Element
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_Brazil_(film)=The Boys from Brazil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceCamp=SpaceCamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphaville_(film)=Alphaville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_Theory_(film)=Conspiracy Theory (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Santa_Clause=The Santa Clause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Thin_Man=After the Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Thin_Man=Another Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Free_Soul=A Free Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Family_of_Broadway=The Royal Family of Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jekyll_and_Mr._Hyde_(1931_film)=Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardsman=The Guardsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Thin_Man=Shadow of the Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Thin_Man=Song of the Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Man_Goes_Home=The Thin Man Goes Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affairs_of_Cellini=The Affairs of Cellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_V:_The_Final_Frontier=Star Trek V: The Final Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Umbrellas_of_Cherbourg=The Umbrellas of Cherbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_Behind_the_Mask_(1941_film)=The Face Behind the Mask (1941 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_with_Dirty_Faces=Angels with Dirty Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Lincoln_in_Illinois_(film)=Abe Lincoln in Illinois (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Serenade=Penny Serenade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_St._Matthew_(film)=The Gospel According to St. Matthew (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/None_but_the_Lonely_Heart_(film)=None but the Lonely Heart (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_for_Columbine=Bowling for Columbine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_Days_Later=28 Days Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dove_(1927_film)=The Dove (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Sun_(film)=Empire of the Sun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_Encounters_of_the_Third_Kind=Close Encounters of the Third Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby_O'Gill_and_the_Little_People=Darby O'Gill and the Little People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Street=Scarlet Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(2002_film)=Spider-Man (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoah_(film)=Shoah (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_in_the_Sky=Castle in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bounty=The Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne's_World_2=Wayne's World 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_II=Rocky II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Roxbury=A Night at the Roxbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_to_Remember=A Song to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Double_Life=A Double Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jolson_Story=The Jolson Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search=The Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zardoz=Zardoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers_in_Goldmember=Austin Powers in Goldmember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers:_International_Man_of_Mystery=Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan's_Reef=Donovan's Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_(film)=Film (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=Beneath the Planet of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_III=Rocky III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Diaboliques_(film)=Les Diaboliques (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Eagle=Iron Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_V=Rocky V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(1993_film)=Blue (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors:_Blue=Three Colors: Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_Pretty_(1948_film)=Sitting Pretty (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hasty_Heart=The Hasty Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(2002_film)=Champion (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sands_of_Iwo_Jima=Sands of Iwo Jima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quo_Vadis_(1951_film)=Quo Vadis (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_11=Ocean's 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Colors:_White=Three Colors: White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_(film)=Heavy Metal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(2001_film)=Blue (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Goofy_Movie=A Goofy Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Extremely_Goofy_Movie=An Extremely Goofy Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_After_Time_(1979_film)=Time After Time (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyz_n_the_Hood=Boyz n the Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Boy_(film)=Baby Boy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Yankee_(1950_film)=The Magnificent Yankee (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Victory=Bright Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Zapata!=Viva Zapata!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lavender_Hill_Mob=The Lavender Hill Mob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_and_the_Beautiful=The Bad and the Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalag_17=Stalag 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Another_Day=Die Another Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Woman=Pretty Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Nemesis=Star Trek: Nemesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Bandits=Time Bandits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Year_at_Marienbad=Last Year at Marienbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Insurrection=Star Trek: Insurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_Are_Forever_(film)=Diamonds Are Forever (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguirre,_the_Wrath_of_God=Aguirre, the Wrath of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Way_Stretch=Two-Way Stretch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_Mail=You've Got Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Angels_(film)=City of Angels (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Negotiator=The Negotiator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Keeble's_Big_Move=Max Keeble's Big Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Fidelity_(film)=High Fidelity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_VI:_The_Undiscovered_Country=Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Chien_Andalou=Un Chien Andalou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_or_Leave_Me_(film)=Love Me or Leave Me (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Golden_Arm=The Man with the Golden Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Day_at_Black_Rock=Bad Day at Black Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_for_Life_(film)=Lust for Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hatful_of_Rain=A Hatful of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Is_the_Wind=Wild Is the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Angry_Man=The Last Angry Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_(1961_film)=The Mark (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Brothers_(miniseries)=Band of Brothers (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_Italian_Style=Divorce Italian Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Sporting_Life=This Sporting Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Wine_and_Roses_(film)=Days of Wine and Roses (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Ballou=Cat Ballou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hud_(film)=Hud (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charly=Charly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Hand_Luke=Cool Hand Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Sang_for_My_Father=I Never Sang for My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit_(1969_film)=True Grit (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotch=Kotch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shock_to_the_System=A Shock to the System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Dracula=Batman Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Fights_Dracula=Batman Fights Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerky_Boys:_The_Movie=The Jerky Boys: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadet_Kelly=Cadet Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hostage_(film)=The Hostage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Movie=American Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleuth_(1972_film)=Sleuth (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronin_(film)=Ronin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruling_Class=The Ruling Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(1977_film)=Julia (1977 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Tango_in_Paris=Last Tango in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Tiger=Save the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Detail=The Last Detail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpico=Serpico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_Tonto=Harry and Tonto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Glass_Booth=The Man in the Glass Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_'em_Hell,_Harry!=Give 'em Hell, Harry!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Special_Day=A Special Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Beauties=Seven Beauties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_(film)=Percy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Creatures=Heavenly Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Prix_du_Danger=Le Prix du Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddy_Holly_Story=The Buddy Holly Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_China_Syndrome=The China Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_There=Being There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Justice_for_All_(film)=...And Justice for All (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Santini=The Great Santini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stunt_Man=The Stunt Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(1981_film)=Arthur (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absence_of_Malice=Absence of Malice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Baron_Munchausen=The Adventures of Baron Munchausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Kisses_(film)=Love and Kisses (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_of_Fire_(film)=Reign of Fire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilo_&_Stitch=Lilo & Stitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desk_Set=Desk Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1997_film)=Hercules (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Babies=All My Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Stallion_(film)=The Black Stallion (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Endless_Summer=The Endless Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Stump_to_Ship=From Stump to Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Ranch=Melody Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch_Drunks=Punch Drunks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Theatre_(film)=Star Theatre (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_Than_Paradise=Stranger Than Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Case_Sound_Test:_Gus_Visser_and_His_Singing_Duck=Theodore Case Sound Test: Gus Visser and His Singing Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_and_Woolly=Wild and Woolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Cinerama=This Is Cinerama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Man_Creates=Why Man Creates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_River_(film)=Wild River (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Close_Shave=A Close Shave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presque_rien=Presque rien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_&_Out=In & Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_in_the_Bronx=Rumble in the Bronx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Not_Enough=The World Is Not Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victim_(1961_film)=Victim (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_(film)=Spartacus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Canterbury_Tale=A Canterbury Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black_(film)=Men in Black (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.S._Your_Cat_Is_Dead=P.S. Your Cat Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Caroline_Lamb_(film)=Lady Caroline Lamb (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Fever=Jungle Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Usual_Suspects=The Usual Suspects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Mike=Like Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Year=My Favorite Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben,_Reuben=Reuben, Reuben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starman_(film)=Starman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Romance=Murphy's Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Train_(film)=Runaway Train (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Money=The Color of Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Midnight_(film)=Round Midnight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisa_(film)=Mona Lisa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Eyes_(film)=Dark Eyes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_(film)=Salvador (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Vietnam=Good Morning, Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashdance=Flashdance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truly,_Madly,_Deeply=Truly, Madly, Deeply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuns_on_the_Run=Nuns on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Elliot=Billy Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th_(1980_film)=Friday the 13th (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Ark=Russian Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atomic_Cafe=The Atomic Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_(1995_film)=Friday (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Enough=Old Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dam_Busters_(film)=The Dam Busters (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Silver=Forgotten Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hudsucker_Proxy=The Hudsucker Proxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_(film)=Harvey (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelle_the_Conqueror=Pelle the Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reversal_of_Fortune=Reversal of Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_(1989_film)=Henry V (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_(1991_film)=Cape Fear (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fear_(1962_film)=Cape Fear (1962 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoration_(1995_film)=Restoration (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fisher_King=The Fisher King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin_(film)=Chaplin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Love_Got_to_Do_with_It_(film)=What's Love Got to Do with It (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madness_of_King_George=The Madness of King George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Fool_(1994_film)=Nobody's Fool (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Holland's_Opus=Mr. Holland's Opus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon_(film)=Nixon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porco_Rosso=Porco Rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sling_Blade=Sling Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_vs._Larry_Flynt=The People vs. Larry Flynt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apostle=The Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulee's_Gold=Ulee's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_and_Monsters_(film)=Gods and Monsters (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affliction_(film)=Affliction (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_History_X=American History X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurricane_(1999_film)=The Hurricane (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_and_Lowdown=Sweet and Lowdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollock_(film)=Pollock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quills=Quills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Training_Day=Training Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Sam=I Am Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_(film)=Ali (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Soldiers=Small Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ship_Comes_In=A Ship Comes In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Angel_(1928_film)=Street Angel (1928 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_Thompson=Sadie Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coquette_(film)=Coquette (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barker=The Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_(1940_film)=The Letter (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_(1929_film)=The Letter (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Lady=The Divine Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capricorn_One=Capricorn One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbo=Dumbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_(1986_film)=Cobra (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_Jack=Kangaroo Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Red_One=The Big Red One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabinet_of_Dr._Caligari=The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Two_Towers=The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Fellowship_of_the_Ring=The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_The_Return_of_the_King=The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_What_a_Lovely_War=Oh! What a Lovely War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Wonka_&_the_Chocolate_Factory=Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Holiday=The Devil's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_and_Son=Sarah and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Aran=Man of Aran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Sacrifice=A Certain Sacrifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Carter=Get Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Versus_the_Volcano=Joe Versus the Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Seal=The Seventh Seal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchists_(film)=Anarchists (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Rider=Whale Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_(1930_film)=Romance (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trespasser=The Trespasser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Own_Desire=Their Own Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Patch_of_Blue=A Patch of Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Min_and_Bill=Min and Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(1930_film)=Holiday (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sin_of_Madelon_Claudet=The Sin of Madelon Claudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Glory_(1933_film)=Morning Glory (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(film)=Dangerous (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Worlds=Private Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Angel_(1935_film)=The Dark Angel (1935 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becky_Sharp=Becky Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrinth_(film)=Labyrinth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerk=The Jerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Nature_(film)=Human Nature (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians_(1996_film)=101 Dalmatians (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_and_One_Dalmatians=One Hundred and One Dalmatians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gun=Top Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moana_(1926_film)=Moana (1926 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjuro=Sanjuro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animatrix=The Animatrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_(film)=Ring (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodora_Goes_Wild=Theodora Goes Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valiant_Is_the_Word_for_Carrie=Valiant Is the Word for Carrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Banners=White Banners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Comrades_(film)=Three Comrades (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_of_Fire=Ball of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now,_Voyager=Now, Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_(film)=The Great Escape (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Skeffington=Mr. Skeffington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Parkington=Mrs. Parkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letters_(1945_film)=Love Letters (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Decision=The Valley of Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_Her_to_Heaven=Leave Her to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Jane_(film)=Lady Jane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(1997_film)=The Edge (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Call_Me_Trinity=They Call Me Trinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_of_the_Fireflies=Grave of the Fireflies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snowman=The Snowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Sir,_with_Love=To Sir, with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Girls_Are_Easy=Earth Girls Are Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLC_Punk!=SLC Punk!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Urethra_Chronicles=The Urethra Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Country:_The_Arturo_Sandoval_Story=For Love or Country: The Arturo Sandoval Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamam_(film)=Hamam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Narcissus=Pink Narcissus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Querelle=Querelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Garden_(film)=The Hanging Garden (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraka_(film)=Baraka (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_in_the_Sun_(film)=Duel in the Sun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Each_His_Own_(film)=To Each His Own (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Kenny=Sister Kenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_(1947_film)=Possessed (1947 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer's_Daughter_(1947_film)=The Farmer's Daughter (1947 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash-Up,_the_Story_of_a_Woman=Smash-Up, the Story of a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Remember_Mama=I Remember Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry,_Wrong_Number=Sorry, Wrong Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Foolish_Heart_(film)=My Foolish Heart (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_to_the_Stable=Come to the Stable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward,_My_Son=Edward, My Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Lost_2:_Revelations=Paradise Lost 2: Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Lost:_The_Child_Murders_at_Robin_Hood_Hills=Paradise Lost: The Child Murders at Robin Hood Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_(film)=Iris (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Together_(1997_film)=Happy Together (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9/11_(film)=9/11 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_with_a_Movie_Camera=Man with a Movie Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Indefinite=Time Indefinite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Schneemann=Der Schneemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verwitterte_Melodie=Verwitterte Melodie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_OS=Revolution OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omen=The Omen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio_(1940_film)=Pinocchio (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caged=Caged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Story_(1951_film)=Detective Story (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Veil=The Blue Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back,_Little_Sheba_(1952_film)=Come Back, Little Sheba (1952 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_(1952_film)=The Star (1952 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Fear=Sudden Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Song_in_My_Heart_(film)=With a Song in My Heart (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashomon=Rashomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Countdown_(film)=The Final Countdown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili=Lili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mogambo=Mogambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Is_Blue=The Moon Is Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Darlings=Little Darlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangs_of_New_York=Gangs of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_Murder=A Perfect Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_River_Plate_(film)=The Battle of the River Plate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(1995_film)=Underground (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intolerance_(film)=Intolerance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Am_I%3F_(1998_film)=Who Am I? (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertime_(1955_film)=Summertime (1955 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Cry_Tomorrow=I'll Cry Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interrupted_Melody=Interrupted Melody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_(1956_film)=Anastasia (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Doll=Baby Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainmaker_(1997_film)=The Rainmaker (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonzy=Fonzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Kings_(1999_film)=Three Kings (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parallax_View=The Parallax View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angoroj=Angoroj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Faces_of_Eve=The Three Faces of Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Knows,_Mr._Allison=Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Live!=I Want to Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillow_Talk_(film)=Pillow Talk (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BUtterfield_8=BUtterfield 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_on_Sunday=Never on Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_at_Campobello=Sunrise at Campobello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Women=Two Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Knights=Shanghai Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones_(film)=The Flintstones (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_(franchise)=Spy Kids (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Kids_3-D:_Game_Over=Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_the_Christ=The Passion of the Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Fly_(film)=Super Fly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straw_Dogs_(1971_film)=Straw Dogs (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Snafu=Private Snafu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters,_Inc.=Monsters, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(1927_film)=Chicago (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punk_Rock_Movie=The Punk Rock Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_(film)=Willow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_Two_Brains=The Man with Two Brains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptation_(film)=Adaptation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks=Clerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(2002_film)=Chicago (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romy_and_Michele's_High_School_Reunion=Romy and Michele's High School Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_400_Blows=The 400 Blows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rules_of_the_Game=The Rules of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_+_Juliet=Romeo + Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lizzie_McGuire_Movie=The Lizzie McGuire Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers_(film)=Starship Troopers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Gentlemen_(film)=The League of Gentlemen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notting_Hill_(film)=Notting Hill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_My_Concubine_(film)=Farewell My Concubine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chinese_Ghost_Story=A Chinese Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Highway_(film)=Lost Highway (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters=Ghostbusters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_(1978_film)=Jubilee (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_The_Meaning_of_Life=Monty Python's The Meaning of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor_in_the_Grass=Splendor in the Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliverance_(1919_film)=Deliverance (1919 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_(1995_film)=Seven (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antz=Antz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_III:_The_Search_for_Spock=Star Trek III: The Search for Spock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_(film)=Nell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Dahlia=The Blue Dahlia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Terrace=From the Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_No_Return_(1993_film)=Point of No Return (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock,_Stock_and_Two_Smoking_Barrels=Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Core=The Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_L-Shaped_Room=The L-Shaped Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_with_the_Proper_Stranger=Love with the Proper Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_la_Douce=Irma la Douce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_Italian_Style=Marriage Italian Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pumpkin_Eater=The Pumpkin Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsinkable_Molly_Brown_(film)=The Unsinkable Molly Brown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_(2002_film)=Gerry (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Mario_Bros._(film)=Super Mario Bros. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix_Revolutions=The Matrix Revolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleen=Charleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Bess=Young Bess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1985_film)=Alice in Wonderland (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbanized=Urbanized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_I_Married_an_Axe_Murderer=So I Married an Axe Murderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1984_(advertisement)=1984 (advertisement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgy_Girl=Georgy Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragtime_(film)=Ragtime (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Noon=Shanghai Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Minnie=Totally Minnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuckTales_the_Movie:_Treasure_of_the_Lost_Lamp=DuckTales the Movie: Treasure of the Lost Lamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Vampire=Shadow of the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien:_Resurrection=Alien: Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_3=Alien 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_III=Back to the Future Part III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_Part_II=Back to the Future Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man's_Land_(2001_film)=No Man's Land (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mood_for_Love=In the Mood for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Replacements_(film)=The Replacements (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2046_(film)=2046 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chungking_Express=Chungking Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_(film)=Aliens (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_Monk=Bulletproof Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_and_a_Woman=A Man and a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shop_on_Main_Street=The Shop on Main Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Violin=The Red Violin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Age_d'Or=L'Age d'Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orpheus_(film)=Orpheus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_If_You_Can=Catch Me If You Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone=Home Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Fight=Day of the Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whisperers=The Whisperers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isadora=Isadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Shoot_Horses,_Don't_They%3F_(film)=They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sterile_Cuckoo=The Sterile Cuckoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Elmo_in_Grouchland=The Adventures of Elmo in Grouchland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Ending=The Happy Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Love_(film)=Women in Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_to_Me_of_Love=Speak to Me of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Mad_Housewife=Diary of a Mad Housewife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan's_Daughter=Ryan's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_'66=Buffalo '66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddyshack=Caddyshack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellcats_of_the_Navy=Hellcats of the Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_for_Bonzo=Bedtime for Bonzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Time_and_Timbuktu=Between Time and Timbuktu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_(film)=Final Destination (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_(1975_film)=Diamonds (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pianist_(1991_film)=The Pianist (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_Me_Up!_Tie_Me_Down!=Tie Me Up! Tie Me Down!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_(film)=20th Century (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_of_Time=Ashes of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_There:_Sweet_16_and_Licensed_to_Drive=Getting There: Sweet 16 and Licensed to Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_and_to_Have=To Be and to Have
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_O'Clock_News_(film)=Six O'Clock News (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Given_Sunday=Any Given Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce_Creatures=Fierce Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Tenenbaums=The Royal Tenenbaums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klute=Klute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Queen_of_Scots_(1971_film)=Mary, Queen of Scots (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Milk=The Price of Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Is_the_Place=Space Is the Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelig=Zelig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_G_Indahouse=Ali G Indahouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sings_the_Blues_(film)=Lady Sings the Blues (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Wishes,_Winter_Dreams=Summer Wishes, Winter Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_Liberty=Cinderella Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Were=The Way We Were
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Doesn't_Live_Here_Anymore=Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_(film)=Claudine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Adele_H.=The Story of Adele H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedda_(film)=Hedda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Cousine=Cousin Cousine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Sonata=Autumn Sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamboozled=Bamboozled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_3:_Rise_of_the_Machines=Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Watch=The Black Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepless_in_Seattle=Sleepless in Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_You_Were_Sleeping_(film)=While You Were Sleeping (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Rain_(film)=Purple Rain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_and_the_Argonauts_(1963_film)=Jason and the Argonauts (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7th_Voyage_of_Sinbad=The 7th Voyage of Sinbad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Cup=Tin Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Schmidt=About Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualties_of_War=Casualties of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Park=Ken Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter's_Friends=Peter's Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Chick=The Hot Chick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Crossroads=Operation Crossroads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Minutes_Older=Ten Minutes Older
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Eye_(1956_film)=The Naked Eye (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Samurai=The Last Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Gun:_From_the_Files_of_Police_Squad!=The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_(film)=Lies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enough_(film)=Enough (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_(film)=Predator (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commando_(1985_film)=Commando (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Burger=Good Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_III_(1995_film)=Richard III (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Home_Alabama_(film)=Sweet Home Alabama (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_(film)=Magnolia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagara_Sangamam=Sagara Sangamam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swati_Mutyam=Swati Mutyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swati_Kiranam=Swati Kiranam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truman_Show=The Truman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promises_(film)=Promises (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park:_Bigger,_Longer_&_Uncut=South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_(2003_film)=Elephant (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equilibrium_(film)=Equilibrium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuosity=Virtuosity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridicule=Ridicule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_Under_Fire=Courage Under Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Beard=Red Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon=Lethal Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_India=Mother India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocksucker_Blues=Cocksucker Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Say_a_Word=Don't Say a Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secretary_(2002_film)=Secretary (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallrats=Mallrats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabaret_(1972_film)=Cabaret (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crush_(2001_film)=Crush (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris,_Texas_(film)=Paris, Texas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Almighty=Bruce Almighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rescuers_Down_Under=The Rescuers Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillie's_Punctured_Romance_(1914_film)=Tillie's Punctured Romance (1914 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_for_One=Dinner for One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Force_One_(film)=Air Force One (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.O.A._(1950_film)=D.O.A. (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Brothers_2000=Blues Brothers 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_a_Thief=To Catch a Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarcord=Amarcord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topaz_(1969_film)=Topaz (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birdcage=The Birdcage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Nemo=Finding Nemo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_with_the_Devil_(film)=Ride with the Devil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interiors=Interiors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(1979_film)=Starting Over (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(1980_film)=Resurrection (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(1980_film)=Gloria (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_(film)=The Rose (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Benjamin_(1980_film)=Private Benjamin (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_When_I_Laugh_(film)=Only When I Laugh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Britain_(film)=Battle of Britain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Day_Care=Daddy Day Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Wasn't_There_(2001_film)=The Man Who Wasn't There (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Science_(film)=Weird Science (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemonium_(film)=Pandemonium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandaemonium_(film)=Pandaemonium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_2=American Pie 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Wedding=American Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Powers:_The_Spy_Who_Shagged_Me=Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Hero=Local Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Weapons=Deadly Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Victoria=Victor Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_(film)=Frances (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testament_(film)=Testament (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Officer_and_a_Gentleman=An Officer and a Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trip_to_Bountiful=The Trip to Bountiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silkwood=Silkwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Anne_Frank_(1959_film)=The Diary of Anne Frank (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Old_Kentucky_Home_(film)=My Old Kentucky Home (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_III:_Season_of_the_Witch=Halloween III: Season of the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caligula_(film)=Caligula (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Wild_West=Wild Wild West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Life=Waking Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanboys_(film)=Fanboys (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Peaks:_Fire_Walk_with_Me=Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manos:_The_Hands_of_Fate=Manos: The Hands of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_After_(1986_film)=The Morning After (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Sue_Got_Married=Peggy Sue Got Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bwana_Devil=Bwana Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_at_Heart_(film)=Wild at Heart (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabotage_(1936_film)=Sabotage (1936 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(1990_film)=Dreams (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_and_the_Furious_(2001_film)=The Fast and the Furious (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Girls=The Land Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Day's_Night_(film)=A Hard Day's Night (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi_Meets_Godzilla=Bambi Meets Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Inn_(film)=Holiday Inn (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_(film)=Bound (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend_It_like_Beckham=Bend It like Beckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit-Proof_Fence_(film)=Rabbit-Proof Fence (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Rider=Pale Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excalibur_(film)=Excalibur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revengers_Tragedy=Revengers Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Hearts_(1966_film)=King of Hearts (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabiria=Cabiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1932_film)=The Mummy (1932 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1999_film)=The Mummy (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_(1959_film)=The Mummy (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Best_Friend=New Best Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_A-ko=Project A-ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windaria=Windaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_&_Ted's_Bogus_Journey=Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Configuration=The Ninth Configuration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Pimlico=Passport to Pimlico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_What_You_Did_Last_Summer=I Know What You Did Last Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Society_(1956_film)=High Society (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(1946_film)=Notorious (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_the_Viking=Erik the Viking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_English=Johnny English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max=Mad Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampopo=Tampopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels:_Full_Throttle=Charlie's Angels: Full Throttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancer_in_the_Dark=Dancer in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_President=The American President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetest_Thing=The Sweetest Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_on_a_Train_(film)=Strangers on a Train (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malicious_(1995_film)=Malicious (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_in_Flames=A Woman in Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_Must_Be_Crazy=The Gods Must Be Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Cody_Banks=Agent Cody Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood:_Prince_of_Thieves=Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Alan_Smithee_Film:_Burn_Hollywood_Burn=An Alan Smithee Film: Burn Hollywood Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max_2=Mad Max 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tango_Lesson=The Tango Lesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Adventure_of_Horus,_Prince_of_the_Sun=The Great Adventure of Horus, Prince of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marnie_(film)=Marnie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeboat_(film)=Lifeboat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_(film)=Nikita (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Jam=Space Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dawn=Red Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brown_Bunny=The Brown Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Race=The Great Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_and_Nancy=Sid and Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utu_(film)=Utu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schtonk!=Schtonk!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista_Social_Club_(film)=Buena Vista Social Club (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarface_(1983_film)=Scarface (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoldenEye=GoldenEye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossus:_The_Forbin_Project=Colossus: The Forbin Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Fortress=The Hidden Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_(1927_film)=It (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrorama=Terrorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Bug=The Love Bug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedda=Jedda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_(film)=Faces (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilwale_Dulhania_Le_Jayenge=Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Medal_for_Benny=A Medal for Benny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_(film)=Selena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Simple=Blood Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Somme_(film)=The Battle of the Somme (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Motion_Picture=Star Trek: The Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_Something_About_Mary=There's Something About Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrapment_(film)=Entrapment (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Sweethearts=America's Sweethearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend's_Wedding=My Best Friend's Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond's_Secret_Police=Bulldog Drummond's Secret Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomcats_(2001_film)=Tomcats (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie=Scary Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tuxedo=The Tuxedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreakers_(2001_film)=Heartbreakers (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_(1979_film)=Jesus (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Arizona=Raising Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skin_Game_(1931_film)=The Skin Game (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad:_Legend_of_the_Seven_Seas=Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa:_Dare_to_Be_Truthful=Medusa: Dare to Be Truthful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_(film)=The Killing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Run=Chicken Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_For=To Die For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rundown=The Rundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_West=Once Upon a Time in the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_(1997_film)=Anastasia (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porky's=Porky's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molson_Canadian_Rocks_for_Toronto=Molson Canadian Rocks for Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Minnesota=Feeling Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Pop=Love & Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalker_(1979_film)=Stalker (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Impact_(film)=Deep Impact (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_and_the_Tramp=Lady and the Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_(film)=Jude (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_and_the_Tramp_II:_Scamp's_Adventure=Lady and the Tramp II: Scamp's Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Smoke!=Holy Smoke!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kid_in_King_Arthur's_Court=A Kid in King Arthur's Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_(film)=Rudy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lodger:_A_Story_of_the_London_Fog=The Lodger: A Story of the London Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradine_Case=The Paradine Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X2_(film)=X2 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gia=Gia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_Wars=Style Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease_2=Grease 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Game=Spy Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiri_(film)=Shiri (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piglet's_Big_Movie=Piglet's Big Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Object_of_My_Affection=The Object of My Affection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Eden_(film)=East of Eden (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugstore_Cowboy=Drugstore Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longshot_(film)=Longshot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manxman=The Manxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigli=Gigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetlejuice=Beetlejuice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_(1936_film)=Secret Agent (1936 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painted_Angels=Painted Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Ausente=El Ausente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serial_Mom=Serial Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone_2:_Lost_in_New_York=Home Alone 2: Lost in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Men=Mystery Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Two_Short_Films_About_Glenn_Gould=Thirty Two Short Films About Glenn Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Fright_(1950_film)=Stage Fright (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Existenz=Existenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Castle_(2001_film)=Haunted Castle (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_the_Train=The Man on the Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Labour's_Lost_(2000_film)=Love's Labour's Lost (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11'09%2201_September_11=11'09"01 September 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservoir_Dogs=Reservoir Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_in_May=Seven Days in May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Blue=Perfect Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Money_and_Run=Take the Money and Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cotton_Club_(film)=The Cotton Club (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Arabian_Knights=Two Arabian Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_Beast=Sexy Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_X_(1992_film)=Malcolm X (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Bill_Volume_1=Kill Bill Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_(1989_film)=The Little Mermaid (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Harry=Dirty Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Majestic_(film)=The Majestic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Justin_to_Kelly=From Justin to Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishtar_(film)=Ishtar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Scissorhands=Edward Scissorhands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_with_Muscles=Santa with Muscles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Death_on_Long_Island=Love and Death on Long Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=Escape from the Planet of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twister_(1996_film)=Twister (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Kisses=Stolen Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_(film)=The Birds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Royale_(film)=Battle Royale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_(film)=Problem Child (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Suit_Gundam_F91=Mobile Suit Gundam F91
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoolander=Zoolander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooters_(2002_film)=Shooters (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Net_(1995_film)=The Net (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Living_Dead_(film_series)=Return of the Living Dead (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Mouse_Detective=The Great Mouse Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Crush=Blue Crush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bamba_(film)=La Bamba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsy_Malone=Bugsy Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_King_II:_Simba's_Pride=The Lion King II: Simba's Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Man_(film)=Renaissance Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Lunch_(film)=Naked Lunch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_1000_Corpses=House of 1000 Corpses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faculty=The Faculty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_(2004_film)=The Phantom of the Opera (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fish_Called_Wanda=A Fish Called Wanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera_(1925_film)=The Phantom of the Opera (1925 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Dozen=The Dirty Dozen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teheran_43=Teheran 43
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstella_5555:_The_5tory_of_the_5ecret_5tar_5ystem=Interstella 5555: The 5tory of the 5ecret 5tar 5ystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primrose_Ring_(film)=The Primrose Ring (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichi_the_Killer_(film)=Ichi the Killer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Darkness_(film)=Prince of Darkness (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Mask_of_the_Phantasm=Batman: Mask of the Phantasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Son_(film)=The Good Son (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_(film)=House Party (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yojimbo_(film)=Yojimbo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron=Tron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Unicorn_(film)=The Last Unicorn (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experiments_in_the_Revival_of_Organisms=Experiments in the Revival of Organisms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys'_Night_Out_(film)=Boys' Night Out (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_as_Ice=Cool as Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_the_Head_of_Alfredo_Garcia=Bring Me the Head of Alfredo Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Dimitrios=The Mask of Dimitrios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Baseball=Mr. Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other=The Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Score_(2001_film)=The Score (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Never_Dies=Tomorrow Never Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_the_Rain_Must_Fall=Baby the Rain Must Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Lucky_Man!=O Lucky Man!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanadu_(film)=Xanadu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(2002_film)=Hero (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Friend=The American Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_to_Love_(film)=Addicted to Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Mayberry=Return to Mayberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Fink=Barton Fink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_(2000_film)=Panic (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_Tract=Terror Tract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadpole_(film)=Tadpole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Santa=Bad Santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Flamingos=Pink Flamingos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_The_Curse_of_the_Black_Pearl=Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendolepsis=Rendolepsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_(film)=Troy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cousin_Vinny=My Cousin Vinny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Shop_of_Horrors=The Little Shop of Horrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Vep=Irma Vep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Mariachi=El Mariachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calendar_Girls=Calendar Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Story_Ever_Told=The Greatest Story Ever Told
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassination_Tango=Assassination Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arachnophobia_(film)=Arachnophobia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October:_Ten_Days_That_Shook_the_World=October: Ten Days That Shook the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Avventura=L'Avventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Crocodile%22_Dundee="Crocodile" Dundee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_(film)=Trick (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Kid=First Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_(2005_film)=Pirates (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character_(film)=Character (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_and_Juliet_(1936_film)=Romeo and Juliet (1936 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_50_Foot_Woman=Attack of the 50 Foot Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Tale=Shark Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story_2=Toy Story 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_Pet_Detective=Ace Ventura: Pet Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease_(film)=Grease (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snuff_(film)=Snuff (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_Stoker's_Dracula=Bram Stoker's Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Starfighter=The Last Starfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_Groove=The Emperor's New Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_Do's_and_Don'ts=Dating Do's and Don'ts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_(film)=Splash (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omega_Man=The Omega Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Colossal_Man=The Amazing Colossal Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(1960_film)=Breathless (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waterboy=The Waterboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon,_Simon=Simon, Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds=Revenge of the Nerds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Hole=The Black Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Live=They Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(film)=Charlie's Angels (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Perdition=Road to Perdition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_of_Dragons=The Flight of Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aristocats=The Aristocats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Withnail_and_I=Withnail and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mouth_of_Madness=In the Mouth of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingers_(1996_film)=Swingers (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.C._Sniper:_23_Days_of_Fear=D.C. Sniper: 23 Days of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pope_Must_Die=The Pope Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenna's_Gold=Mackenna's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_in_the_Shell_2:_Innocence=Ghost in the Shell 2: Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Element_of_Crime=The Element of Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discreet_Charm_of_the_Bourgeoisie=The Discreet Charm of the Bourgeoisie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspiria=Suspiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wes_Craven's_New_Nightmare=Wes Craven's New Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Crystal=The Dark Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Out_the_Dead=Bringing Out the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_(film)=Garfield (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Doubtfire=Mrs. Doubtfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_(film)=Beethoven (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_&_Company=Oliver & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetsons:_The_Movie=Jetsons: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Beware=Boys Beware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inn_of_the_Sixth_Happiness=The Inn of the Sixth Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_John_Malkovich=Being John Malkovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_2000=Cherry 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_(1988_film)=The Vanishing (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altered_States=Altered States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Bites=Reality Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_Hearts_and_Coronets=Kind Hearts and Coronets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoop_Dreams=Hoop Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Shooter_(1999_film)=Straight Shooter (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Slickers=City Slickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reagans=The Reagans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast,_Cheap_&_Out_of_Control=Fast, Cheap & Out of Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_2=Jaws 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonsoir_(film)=Bonsoir (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Heat=Red Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallipoli_(1981_film)=Gallipoli (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Dracula_(1974_film)=Son of Dracula (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Bear=Brother Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Skin_(1999_film)=Second Skin (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Heaven_(film)=Kingdom of Heaven (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard_with_a_Vengeance=Die Hard with a Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedknobs_and_Broomsticks=Bedknobs and Broomsticks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_$20_Million_Is_Always_the_Hardest=The First $20 Million Is Always the Hardest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_(film)=Class (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Player_(film)=The Player (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happiest_Millionaire=The Happiest Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete's_Dragon=Pete's Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Jafar=The Return of Jafar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_and_the_King_of_Thieves=Aladdin and the King of Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Who_and_the_Daleks=Dr. Who and the Daleks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_La_Mancha=Lost in La Mancha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_David_Gale=The Life of David Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hour_Party_People=24 Hour Party People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_World_War_II_in_Europe=End of World War II in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spetters=Spetters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_Desert=Sons of the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_X=Citizen X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_and_Gentlemen,_The_Fabulous_Stains=Ladies and Gentlemen, The Fabulous Stains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Over_the_Guy=All Over the Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_(1978_film)=Superman (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muriel's_Wedding=Muriel's Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_80=Star 80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_Bebop:_The_Movie=Cowboy Bebop: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Saves_Christmas=Ernest Saves Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paras_(film)=Paras (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Jessica_Lynch=Saving Jessica Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_Time_Station:_'Tis_a_Gift=Shining Time Station: 'Tis a Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Movie=Silent Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Days_Seven_Nights=Six Days Seven Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Snaps_(film)=Ginger Snaps (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belly_of_an_Architect=The Belly of an Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_in_Toyland_(1934_film)=Babes in Toyland (1934 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Hal=Shallow Hal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis:_The_Lost_Empire=Atlantis: The Lost Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pom_Poko=Pom Poko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_(film)=Gandhi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Translation_(film)=Lost in Translation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Disguise=The Master of Disguise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Actually=Love Actually
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_to_Paradise=Gates to Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_and_Commander:_The_Far_Side_of_the_World=Master and Commander: The Far Side of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Theft_Parsons=Grand Theft Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Life_(1998_film)=The Book of Life (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_on_the_Hudson=Moscow on the Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_at_the_Gates=Enemy at the Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_Live_at_the_Hollywood_Bowl=Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Saviour=G-Saviour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix_(franchise)=The Matrix (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_(film)=Cube (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandini_(film)=Bandini (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_(film)=The Party (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanners=Scanners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrowsmith_(film)=Arrowsmith (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dish=The Dish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(film)=Maverick (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semi-Tough=Semi-Tough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Dogmen=Last of the Dogmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagaan=Lagaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother,_Mother,_Mother_Pin_a_Rose_on_Me=Mother, Mother, Mother Pin a Rose on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gremlins=Gremlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Green_Door=Behind the Green Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Miss_Jones=The Devil in Miss Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_So_Strange=Nothing So Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death,_Deceit_and_Destiny_Aboard_the_Orient_Express=Death, Deceit and Destiny Aboard the Orient Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Bigha_Zamin=Do Bigha Zamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Misty_for_Me=Play Misty for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Patience=Zero Patience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Lies,_and_Videotape=Sex, Lies, and Videotape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aama_(film)=Aama (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_Roman_Empire_(film)=The Fall of the Roman Empire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Nevsky_(film)=Alexander Nevsky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbershop_(film)=Barbershop (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frisco_Kid=The Frisco Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_chant_d'amour=Un chant d'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Mansion_(film)=The Haunted Mansion (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_Flames=Born in Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UHF_(film)=UHF (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Theater=Family Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Rock_'n'_Roll_Swindle=The Great Rock 'n' Roll Swindle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs=Infernal Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Brown_(film)=Jackie Brown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Street=Beat Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banger_Sisters=The Banger Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_(1978_film)=The Lord of the Rings (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogville=Dogville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_Titans=Remember the Titans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas_Chainsaw_Massacre_2=The Texas Chainsaw Massacre 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_As_We_Go=Sing As We Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Things_I_Hate_About_You=10 Things I Hate About You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(1950_film)=Cinderella (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocahontas_(1995_film)=Pocahontas (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slipper_and_the_Rose=The Slipper and the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgazmo=Orgazmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Gilmore=Happy Gilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_McGinty=The Great McGinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrida_(film)=Derrida (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calcium_Kid=The Calcium Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Bye,_Lenin!=Good Bye, Lenin!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblower_(TV_series)=Hornblower (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_About_Love=It's All About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1996_film)=The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1939_film)=The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_(film)=Pinky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_(2002_film)=Run (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Before_Christmas=The Nightmare Before Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_Silicon_Valley=Pirates of Silicon Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidentially_Yours=Confidentially Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintet_(film)=Quintet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow_(1994_film)=The Crow (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Box=Chinese Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tall_Guy=The Tall Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_After_Tomorrow=The Day After Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_and_the_Furious_(1955_film)=The Fast and the Furious (1955 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Fast_2_Furious=2 Fast 2 Furious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushmore_(film)=Rushmore (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulk_(film)=Hulk (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_IV:_The_Quest_for_Peace=Superman IV: The Quest for Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fat_Liar=Big Fat Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lan_Yu_(film)=Lan Yu (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Vernon_and_Irene_Castle=The Story of Vernon and Irene Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Peak=Dante's Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sniper_(1993_film)=Sniper (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulzana's_Raid=Ulzana's Raid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hire=The Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Lost_Soldier=For a Lost Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_by_Numbers=Drowning by Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Drums=Distant Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(1992_film)=The Bodyguard (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(1998_film)=Taxi (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_(film)=Walker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themroc=Themroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeping_Tom_(film)=Peeping Tom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings_(film_series)=The Lord of the Rings (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something's_Gotta_Give_(film)=Something's Gotta Give (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_and_the_Magic_Railroad=Thomas and the Magic Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXX_(film)=XXX (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Travail=Beau Travail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falls=The Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_for_Night_(film)=Day for Night (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexmission=Sexmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Gate=The Ninth Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amistad_(film)=Amistad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Training_(1985_film)=Basic Training (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Eyed_Jacks=One-Eyed Jacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_du_Lac_(film)=Lancelot du Lac (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Kabul=Christmas in Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_Prefer_Blondes_(1953_film)=Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Liberty_(film)=Lady Liberty (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Lucia=Sex and Lucia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young_(film)=Brigham Young (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lamp=The Blue Lamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_(1997_US_film)=Contact (1997 US film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Family_Vacation=Johnson Family Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letter_(1995_film)=Love Letter (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macross:_Do_You_Remember_Love%3F=Macross: Do You Remember Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things=Wild Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_Fish=Rumble Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_Memories=Stardust Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maborosi=Maborosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wet_Hot_American_Summer=Wet Hot American Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chameli_(film)=Chameli (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistol_Opera=Pistol Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distance_(film)=Distance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targets=Targets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Death=Faces of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Life_(film)=After Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Being_Wild=Days of Being Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mosquito_Coast=The Mosquito Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Club=The Emperor's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Man=Harvard Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cremaster_Cycle=The Cremaster Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fish=Big Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Beloved_(film)=Immortal Beloved (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Greek_Wedding=My Big Fat Greek Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Famous=Almost Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Decree=Murder by Decree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meeting_People_Is_Easy=Meeting People Is Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pee-wee's_Big_Adventure=Pee-wee's Big Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bully_(2001_film)=Bully (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_(1993_film)=Broken (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullitt=Bullitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremors_(film)=Tremors (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hard_2=Die Hard 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Shot_Liberty_Valance=The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accident_(1967_film)=Accident (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yossi_&_Jagger=Yossi & Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seduction_of_Mimi=The Seduction of Mimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler:_The_Last_Ten_Days=Hitler: The Last Ten Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shot_Andy_Warhol=I Shot Andy Warhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiss_(1896_film)=The Kiss (1896 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_&_Joon=Benny & Joon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Master=Drunken Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romero_(film)=Romero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Deal_on_Madonna_Street=Big Deal on Madonna Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Baghdad_(film)=Live from Baghdad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_(film)=Orange County (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackadder:_Back_&_Forth=Blackadder: Back & Forth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Penny=Will Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzcarraldo=Fitzcarraldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_(film)=Dungeons & Dragons (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Romance=True Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_for_Death=Education for Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fistful_of_Dollars=A Fistful of Dollars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Few_Dollars_More=For a Few Dollars More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_America=Once Upon a Time in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_(film)=Mask (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackboot_Mutiny=Jackboot Mutiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Fox=After the Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Frankenstein=Young Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_World,_Part_I=History of the World, Part I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Anxiety=High Anxiety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lara_Croft_Tomb_Raider:_The_Cradle_of_Life=Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(2003_film)=Monster (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Heaven=Days of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_That_Kid=Catch That Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hook_(film)=Hook (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Transfer=Idaho Transfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_(1955_film)=Stella (1955 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffa=Hoffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legally_Blonde=Legally Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabiscuit_(film)=Seabiscuit (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotica_(film)=Exotica (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redhead_from_Wyoming=The Redhead from Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop=RoboCop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Witch_Mountain_(1995_film)=Escape to Witch Mountain (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Horizon_(1973_film)=Lost Horizon (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Wilderness_(film)=White Wilderness (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Rotten_Scoundrels_(film)=Dirty Rotten Scoundrels (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wages_of_Fear=The Wages of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcerer_(film)=Sorcerer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_and_Delilah_(1949_film)=Samson and Delilah (1949 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Icicle_Thief=The Icicle Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_till_Dawn=From Dusk till Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legally_Blonde_2:_Red,_White_&_Blonde=Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoys_(film)=Decoys (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_Action_(film)=Class Action (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowup=Blowup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elf_(film)=Elf (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_II:_Return_to_the_Sea=The Little Mermaid II: Return to the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_of_Iron=Cross of Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Haley's_Queen=Alex Haley's Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licence_to_Kill=Licence to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Future=Bright Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Than_Chocolate=Better Than Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_Room=Panic Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasantville_(film)=Pleasantville (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabid=Rabid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brood=The Brood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Zone_(film)=The Dead Zone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicatessen_(film)=Delicatessen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(2004_film)=Taxi (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuroTrip=EuroTrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_II=Mission: Impossible II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Spot=The Hot Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_(1989_film)=The Killer (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Nights=Boogie Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Butterfly_(film)=M. Butterfly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varalaru=Varalaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(2003_film)=Underworld (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_(1962_film)=Electra (1962 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apu_Trilogy=The Apu Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Diva=Scarlet Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Times_at_Ridgemont_High=Fast Times at Ridgemont High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_Blue=Soldier Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...tick...tick...tick...=...tick...tick...tick...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Night=Big Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Effect=The Butterfly Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_in_Pink=Pretty in Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Singer=The Wedding Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Santa_Clause_2=The Santa Clause 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Dark_Shadows=Night of Dark Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abominable_Dr._Phibes=The Abominable Dr. Phibes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_in_the_Band=The Boys in the Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giv'at_Halfon_Eina_Ona=Giv'at Halfon Eina Ona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inochi=Inochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladyhawke=Ladyhawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamite_Chicken=Dynamite Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_(2003_film)=Cheaper by the Dozen (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videodrome=Videodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly_(1986_film)=The Fly (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Makioka_Sisters_(film)=The Makioka Sisters (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishmaster_(film)=Wishmaster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Joan_of_Arc=The Passion of Joan of Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Box_(1929_film)=Pandora's Box (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kameradschaft=Kameradschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_in_New_York=Hercules in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devils_(film)=The Devils (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_Europa=Europa Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_River_(film)=Mystic River (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bug's_Life=A Bug's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Burn_(2005_film)=Slow Burn (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_God_(2002_film)=City of God (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_House_on_the_Left_(1972_film)=The Last House on the Left (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Sand_and_Fog_(film)=House of Sand and Fog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Mountain_(film)=Cold Mountain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Throat_(film)=Deep Throat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_Western_Civilization=The Decline of Western Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirana_Year_Zero=Tirana Year Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Mind_the_Horrocks=Never Mind the Horrocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_and_Jackie=Hilary and Jackie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_Lola_Run=Run Lola Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Never_Forget_What's'isname=I'll Never Forget What's'isname
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Company_of_Men=In the Company of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impromptu_(1991_film)=Impromptu (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_News_Bears=The Bad News Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westworld=Westworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madigan's_Millions=Madigan's Millions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanking_the_Monkey=Spanking the Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_(2004_film)=Miracle (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cathedral=The Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandragora_(film)=Mandragora (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Egypt=The Prince of Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cinderella_Story=A Cinderella Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medium_Cool=Medium Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specters=Specters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Floyd:_Live_at_Pompeii=Pink Floyd: Live at Pompeii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_(film)=Philadelphia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_America_(film)=In America (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Grams=21 Grams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cooler=The Cooler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_April=Pieces of April
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_(2003_film)=Thirteen (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbirds_(film)=Thunderbirds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_(1990_film)=Avalon (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_(1979_film)=Hardcore (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_and_the_7_Hoods=Robin and the 7 Hoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_of_the_Condor=Three Days of the Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opening_of_Misty_Beethoven=The Opening of Misty Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triplets_of_Belleville=The Triplets of Belleville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Dog:_The_Way_of_the_Samurai=Ghost Dog: The Way of the Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Werewolf_in_London=An American Werewolf in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Boy=Boogie Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_(film)=Blade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muckland=Muckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Lost_Children=The City of Lost Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Face=Funny Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee's_Partner=Tennessee's Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_(2005_film)=King Kong (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(1990_film)=Alice (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_of_Strangers=The Business of Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_and_the_King=Anna and the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Ending=Hollywood Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_III=Jurassic Park III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Else=Anything Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasabi_(film)=Wasabi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_(2002_film)=Justice (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Canyon_(film)=Laurel Canyon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_News_Bears=Bad News Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Teenage_Drama_Queen=Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Divorce=Le Divorce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_&_Emma=Alex & Emma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_Mystery_of_the_Batwoman=Batman: Mystery of the Batwoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_to_Kill=Branded to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Oharu=The Life of Oharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Hardly_Wait=Can't Hardly Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Statement_(film)=The Statement (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Pride=Celtic Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_End_of_the_Day:_The_Sue_Rodriguez_Story=At the End of the Day: The Sue Rodriguez Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanshiro_Sugata=Sanshiro Sugata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_First_Dates=50 First Dates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Married=Just Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraser_(film)=Eraser (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Nino=Uncle Nino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_II=Blade II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_in_the_Hall:_Brain_Candy=Kids in the Hall: Brain Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast:_The_Enchanted_Christmas=Beauty and the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Begins=Batman Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instinct=Basic Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Comedy_(1983_film)=The King of Comedy (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expiration_(film)=Expiration (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Priscilla,_Queen_of_the_Desert=The Adventures of Priscilla, Queen of the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Break=Point Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court_Jester=The Court Jester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Genius=Real Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Einstein=Young Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(1948_film)=Miranda (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Room=The War Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Annihilation=Mortal Kombat: Annihilation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_and_Alexander=Fanny and Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Perfect_Day=One Perfect Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitch_Black_(film)=Pitch Black (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Heat_(1988_film)=Dead Heat (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Phibes_Rises_Again=Dr. Phibes Rises Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Man_Tate=Little Man Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Hour_(1998_film)=Rush Hour (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Never_Again=Never Say Never Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiki's_Delivery_Service=Kiki's Delivery Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_(1995_film)=Memories (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destino=Destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beastmaster=The Beastmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limey=The Limey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiva_(1990_film)=Shiva (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_(film)=Doom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob's_Ladder_(film)=Jacob's Ladder (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_on_the_Range_(2004_film)=Home on the Range (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.B._(film)=S.O.B. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_(film)=Toys (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohtalon_kirja=Kohtalon kirja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Helen_of_Troy=The Private Life of Helen of Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Appointments_of_Dennis_Jennings=The Appointments of Dennis Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Zone=Forbidden Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbarian_Invasions=The Barbarian Invasions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_(film)=Chance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_in_the_Kitchen=War in the Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Haine=La Haine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Monster_(2003_film)=Party Monster (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapons_of_Mass_Distraction=Weapons of Mass Distraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delinquents_(1957_film)=The Delinquents (1957 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Milo_and_Otis=The Adventures of Milo and Otis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Order_(2003_film)=The Order (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_of_Montreal=Jesus of Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackboard_Jungle=Blackboard Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Lovers=The Music Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mighty_Wind=A Mighty Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_Pizza=Mystic Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Daddy_(1999_film)=Big Daddy (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckett_on_Film=Beckett on Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_(2003_film)=Sylvia (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slacker_(film)=Slacker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazed_and_Confused_(film)=Dazed and Confused (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenity_(film)=Serenity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Darkness:_A_Filmmaker's_Apocalypse=Hearts of Darkness: A Filmmaker's Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Sight=Out of Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferry_Tales=Ferry Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_2000=Fantasia 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenzy=Frenzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandit_Queen=Bandit Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterglow_(film)=Afterglow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_of_the_Seven_Seas=Sinbad of the Seven Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_(1989_film)=Glory (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida=Frida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_(2002_film)=Heaven (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poseidon_Adventure_(1972_film)=The Poseidon Adventure (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderpants=Thunderpants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Vacation=National Lampoon's Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolls_(2002_film)=Dolls (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie_Goes_to_Monte_Carlo=Herbie Goes to Monte Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Scroll=Ninja Scroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Dogs_Go_to_Heaven=All Dogs Go to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Holocaust=Cannibal Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_the_Darkness=The Ghost and the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthquake_(film)=Earthquake (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_King_(1980_film)=The Return of the King (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit_(1977_film)=The Hobbit (1977 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daana_Veera_Soora_Karna=Daana Veera Soora Karna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boondock_Saints=The Boondock Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Got_Fingered=Freddy Got Fingered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mughal-e-Azam=Mughal-e-Azam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_(1976_film)=King Kong (1976 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_(1963_film)=The Raven (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Window=Secret Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Places=Trading Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_(film)=Primary (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly_(film)=Piccadilly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottle_Rocket=Bottle Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sex_Monster=The Sex Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow_(1996_film)=Broken Arrow (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_(film)=Tombstone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Bill_Volume_2=Kill Bill Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidalgo_(film)=Hidalgo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Fire_(2004_film)=Man on Fire (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_2=Shrek 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mission_(1986_film)=The Mission (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Toy=Tin Toy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_of_the_Antarctic_(film)=Scott of the Antarctic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_on_Mars=Christmas on Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schizopolis=Schizopolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal!_The_Musical=Cannibal! The Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Trip_to_the_Moon=A Trip to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corruptor=The Corruptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_and_Melinda=Melinda and Melinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wood_(film)=Ed Wood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenweenie_(1984_film)=Frankenweenie (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Head_(film)=Diamond Head (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws:_The_Revenge=Jaws: The Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frequency_(film)=Frequency (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Crazy_Nights=Eight Crazy Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_2=Scary Movie 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1971_film)=Macbeth (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Eye_(1985_film)=Cat's Eye (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Shift_(film)=Night Shift (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_and_Kill_Again=Kill and Kill Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Taste=Bad Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_3=Child's Play 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_(1988_film)=Child's Play (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_2=Child's Play 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Worlds_(2005_film)=War of the Worlds (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_Highway=Quicksilver Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prick_Up_Your_Ears=Prick Up Your Ears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulie=Paulie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodsport_(film)=Bloodsport (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysterical_Blindness_(film)=Hysterical Blindness (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talented_Mr._Ripley_(film)=The Talented Mr. Ripley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepshow=Creepshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Sunshine_of_the_Spotless_Mind=Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roustabout_(film)=Roustabout (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_(2003_film)=Honey (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_When_Nature_Calls=Ace Ventura: When Nature Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo's_Oil=Lorenzo's Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Dead_(2004_film)=Dawn of the Dead (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_Soccer=Shaolin Soccer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Running=Silent Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Heat=Body Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Games_(film)=The Games (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopussy=Octopussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_(2002_film)=Cabin Fever (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Ballroom=Strictly Ballroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_and_the_Lake_of_Sharks=Tintin and the Lake of Sharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_and_the_Golden_Fleece=Tintin and the Golden Fleece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Don't_Cry_(film)=Boys Don't Cry (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaches_(film)=Beaches (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_League_of_Their_Own=A League of Their Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Desire=Fear and Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_(film)=Speak (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_(1997_film)=Volcano (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipolochagos_Natassa=Ipolochagos Natassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Verdoux=Monsieur Verdoux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Chill_(film)=The Big Chill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_(2001_film)=The One (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_Paris=A Woman of Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_Polly=Along Came Polly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starsky_&_Hutch_(film)=Starsky & Hutch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbershop_2:_Back_in_Business=Barbershop 2: Back in Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Were_Expendable=They Were Expendable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogfight_(film)=Dogfight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Helsing_(film)=Van Helsing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_Man_(film)=Demolition Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Works_(film)=The Works (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitki=Mitki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possession_(2002_film)=Possession (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnal_Knowledge=Carnal Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_(franchise)=Police Academy (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MirrorMask=MirrorMask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_What_You_Want=I Am Not What You Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Free=Born Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_of_John_(film)=The Gospel of John (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Fire_(1992_film)=Rapid Fire (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Ducks=The Mighty Ducks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly_(1958_film)=The Fly (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Life_and_Death_(film)=A Matter of Life and Death (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Rooms=Four Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannonball_Run=The Cannonball Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Ivy_(1992_film)=Poison Ivy (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood:_Men_in_Tights=Robin Hood: Men in Tights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangeela_(film)=Rangeela (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Dolce_Vita=La Dolce Vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_State_(film)=Garden State (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas,_Mr._Lawrence=Merry Christmas, Mr. Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_NIMH=The Secret of NIMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_Air=Con Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Petrified_Forest=The Petrified Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_on_the_Third_Floor=Stranger on the Third Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Sierra_(film)=High Sierra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripes_(film)=Stripes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Work_(1998_film)=Dirty Work (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Worst_That_Could_Happen%3F=What's the Worst That Could Happen?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risky_Business=Risky Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_on_Their_Birthdays=Children on Their Birthdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Oz_(1939_film)=The Wizard of Oz (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bus_Stop_(1956_film)=Bus Stop (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopscotch_(film)=Hopscotch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Ibrahim=Monsieur Ibrahim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blondie_(1938_film)=Blondie (1938 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Soldiers_(film)=Dog Soldiers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Robot_(film)=I, Robot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_God_Created_Woman_(1956_film)=And God Created Woman (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries_(film)=The Princess Diaries (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Space_(film)=Lost in Space (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yards=The Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredibles=The Incredibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(video_series)=The Stranger (video series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Daylights=The Living Daylights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlightenment_Guaranteed=Enlightenment Guaranteed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Earth_(1959_film)=Journey to the Center of the Earth (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy=Free Willy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(1967_film)=The Stranger (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Girl_(2004_film)=Jersey Girl (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Cut=Prime Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_(1999_film)=Romance (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Mechagodzilla=Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Hedorah=Godzilla vs. Hedorah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Gigan=Godzilla vs. Gigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Monsters_Attack=All Monsters Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_Astro-Monster=Invasion of Astro-Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothra_vs._Godzilla=Mothra vs. Godzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghidorah,_the_Three-Headed_Monster=Ghidorah, the Three-Headed Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_Raids_Again=Godzilla Raids Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Lose_a_Guy_in_10_Days=How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Odds_(film)=Against All Odds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_Years_B.C.=One Million Years B.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(2001_film)=Down to Earth (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Americans=The New Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Angel_at_My_Table=An Angel at My Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exorcist_II:_The_Heretic=Exorcist II: The Heretic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall_(1973_film)=Walking Tall (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wedding_for_Bella=A Wedding for Bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe:_Pig_in_the_City=Babe: Pig in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Banquet=The Wedding Banquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_17=Formula 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Bobby_Fischer=Searching for Bobby Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_Without_Me=My Life Without Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tezaab=Tezaab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Big=Something Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxanne_(film)=Roxanne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Nation_(film)=Alien Nation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affair_in_Trinidad=Affair in Trinidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Babysitting=Adventures in Babysitting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiding_Out=Hiding Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousins_(1989_film)=Cousins (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_Mom_the_Babysitter's_Dead=Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matthew_Shepard_Story=The Matthew Shepard Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_It_Forward_(film)=Pay It Forward (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Boiled=Hard Boiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_(1992_film)=Singles (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romancing_the_Stone=Romancing the Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Harry=The Trouble with Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Gray_Flannel_Suit=The Man in the Gray Flannel Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Goldmine=Velvet Goldmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Khushi_Kabhie_Gham...=Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_to_5_(film)=9 to 5 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambo:_First_Blood_Part_II=Rambo: First Blood Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limelight_(1952_film)=Limelight (1952 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Oz=Return to Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Run_II=Cannonball Run II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_View_to_a_Kill=A View to a Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboat_Bill_Jr.=Steamboat Bill Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Again_Doctor=Carry On Again Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Behind=Carry On Behind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_England=Carry On England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_at_Your_Convenience=Carry On at Your Convenience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_in_Little_Tokyo=Showdown in Little Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Blues=Genghis Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(1999_film)=Go (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getaway_(1972_film)=The Getaway (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Magnificent_Men_in_their_Flying_Machines=Those Magnificent Men in their Flying Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeper_(1973_film)=Sleeper (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audition_(1999_film)=Audition (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_in_Show_(film)=Best in Show (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutty_Professor=The Nutty Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Now_for_Something_Completely_Different=And Now for Something Completely Different
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_the_Army=This Is the Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Mexico=Once Upon a Time in Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_to_Hell_(film)=Straight to Hell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bronx_Tale=A Bronx Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Darkside:_The_Movie=Tales from the Darkside: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Next_Door_(2004_film)=The Girl Next Door (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backdraft_(film)=Backdraft (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Ho_Naa_Ho=Kal Ho Naa Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Placid_(film)=Lake Placid (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pillow_Book_(film)=The Pillow Book (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rehearsal_(film)=The Rehearsal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacrifice=The Sacrifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Deeds=Mr. Deeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_and_the_King_of_Siam_(film)=Anna and the King of Siam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_&_Leopold=Kate & Leopold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkabout_(film)=Walkabout (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(1996_film)=Fear (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulin_Rouge_(1952_film)=Moulin Rouge (1952 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_Glass_(film)=Shattered Glass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Lies_Beneath=What Lies Beneath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name_of_the_Rose_(2003_film)=Name of the Rose (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Angels_(film)=Evil Angels (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Boy!=Good Boy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whales_of_August=The Whales of August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_and_a_Baby=Three Men and a Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpkinhead_(film)=Pumpkinhead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_and_Wooly=Wild and Wooly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Blue_Line_(1988_film)=The Thin Blue Line (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capturing_the_Friedmans=Capturing the Friedmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_of_the_Dead=Shaun of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Max_Beyond_Thunderdome=Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Pork_Pie=Goodbye Pork Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Magnolias=Steel Magnolias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahrenheit_9/11=Fahrenheit 9/11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_of_Scotland_(film)=Mary of Scotland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_World=Cool World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalifornia=Kalifornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_'Burbs=The 'Burbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhunter_(film)=Manhunter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_2=Scream 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_3=Scream 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazes_and_Monsters=Mazes and Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddyshack_II=Caddyshack II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Rhapsody=An American Rhapsody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Harry_Crumb%3F=Who's Harry Crumb?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny_(1965_film)=The Nanny (1965 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Captain_and_the_World_of_Tomorrow=Sky Captain and the World of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrim_(film)=Pilgrim (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(1988_film)=The Beast (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_(film)=The Doors (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koi..._Mil_Gaya=Koi... Mil Gaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Private_Idaho=My Own Private Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them!=Them!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_(film)=Akira (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_at_the_Races_(film)=A Day at the Races (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Anything...=Say Anything...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_(film)=Buster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canadian_Conspiracy=The Canadian Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Going_on_30=13 Going on 30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elmo's_Fire_(film)=St. Elmo's Fire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocktail_(1988_film)=Cocktail (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enclave=The Enclave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corporation_(film)=The Corporation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteout_(2000_film)=Whiteout (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Core_Logo=Hard Core Logo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yodha_(1992_film)=Yodha (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lessons_of_Darkness=Lessons of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones_in_Viva_Rock_Vegas=The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_2=Spider-Man 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funeral_(1984_film)=The Funeral (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funeral_(1996_film)=The Funeral (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Rose_Hotel_(film)=New Rose Hotel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_(film)=Wizards (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Dead=Survival of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If....=If....
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_&_Lies_(film)=Secrets & Lies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(film)=After Hours (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_a_Date_with_Tad_Hamilton!=Win a Date with Tad Hamilton!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Ghost=The Crimson Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Intervention_(film)=Divine Intervention (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamers_(film)=The Dreamers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_(film)=Kids (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatred_(film)=Hatred (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Blandings_Builds_His_Dream_House=Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(1995_film)=Kiss of Death (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(1947_film)=Kiss of Death (1947 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Numbers=Murder by Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper_(film)=Hooper (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasen=Rasen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trog=Trog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty=The Mighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters_II=Ghostbusters II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled=Tangled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_One_(film)=The Big One (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_2=Predator 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Your_Mark=On Your Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Mice_and_Men_(1992_film)=Of Mice and Men (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Old_Naughty_Days=The Good Old Naughty Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_(film)=Hannibal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Christ_Vampire_Hunter=Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_Chelouche_Street=The House on Chelouche Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_Gray:_Terrors_of_Pleasure=Spalding Gray: Terrors of Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_Along_the_Mohawk=Drums Along the Mohawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angels_(1995_film)=Fallen Angels (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridges_at_Toko-Ri=The Bridges at Toko-Ri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titfield_Thunderbolt=The Titfield Thunderbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Kahuna_(film)=The Big Kahuna (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuck_Everlasting_(1981_film)=Tuck Everlasting (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Caruso=The Great Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist_(1948_film)=Oliver Twist (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_of_the_Vampire=Mark of the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_After_Midnight_(film)=London After Midnight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_on_Haunted_Hill=House on Haunted Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Eight_(film)=Hard Eight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Man_from_Rio=That Man from Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Theft_Auto_(film)=Grand Theft Auto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_Generation=The Beat Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_English_Girls=Two English Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch-Drunk_Love=Punch-Drunk Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scum_(film)=Scum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciao!_Manhattan=Ciao! Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inglourious_Basterds=Inglourious Basterds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avengers_(1998_film)=The Avengers (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contender_(2000_film)=The Contender (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Streak_(film)=Silver Streak (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Pretty_Things_(film)=Dirty Pretty Things (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart's_War=Hart's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_Notice=Two Weeks Notice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Death:_The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Fred_A._Leuchter,_Jr.=Mr. Death: The Rise and Fall of Fred A. Leuchter, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.I.S.T.=F.I.S.T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Bucks=Twenty Bucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Borders=Beyond Borders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterworld=Waterworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Yesterday_(1991_film)=Only Yesterday (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hindenburg_(film)=The Hindenburg (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conqueror_(film)=The Conqueror (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Destoroyah=Godzilla vs. Destoroyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Got_Served=You Got Served
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(1980_film)=Fame (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Cold_in_Alex=Ice Cold in Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperado_(film)=Desperado (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissar_(film)=Commissar (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Size_Me=Super Size Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastiane=Sebastiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein's_Daughter=Frankenstein's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_from_the_Mummy's_Tomb=Blood from the Mummy's Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanchenjungha_(film)=Kanchenjungha (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven's_4th=Beethoven's 4th
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven's_2nd=Beethoven's 2nd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicycle_Thieves=Bicycle Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earthling=The Earthling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(1984_film)=The River (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Periscope=Down Periscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Count_on_Me=You Can Count on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickson_Greeting=Dickson Greeting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDtv=EDtv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Python_(film)=Python (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_(1993_film)=Alive (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirvana_(film)=Nirvana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon:_The_Bruce_Lee_Story=Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholay=Sholay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Planet=Treasure Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face/Off=Face/Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutthroat_Island=Cutthroat Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Married_Couple_in_America=The Last Married Couple in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_Johnson_(film)=Jeremiah Johnson (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen:_A_Hip_Hopera=Carmen: A Hip Hopera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogtown_and_Z-Boys=Dogtown and Z-Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Mechagodzilla_II=Godzilla vs. Mechagodzilla II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula:_Dead_and_Loving_It=Dracula: Dead and Loving It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Dad=Ghost Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Thunder=Days of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1958_film)=Dracula (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nanny=Mr. Nanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_and_Little_Wong_Tin_Bar=Big and Little Wong Tin Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Nice_Guy_(1997_film)=Mr. Nice Guy (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_in_the_Eagle's_Shadow=Snake in the Eagle's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_of_God_(film)=Armour of God (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_of_God_II:_Operation_Condor=Armour of God II: Operation Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_A=Project A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Hour_2=Rush Hour 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medallion=The Medallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_the_Fall=Legends of the Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Neutron:_Boy_Genius=Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan's_Childhood=Ivan's Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Eating_Gilbert_Grape=What's Eating Gilbert Grape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_of_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=Conquest of the Planet of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_Liar=Liar Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Buck=Uncle Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Still_Know_What_You_Did_Last_Summer=I Still Know What You Did Last Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Karate_Kid=The Next Karate Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona_(film)=Barcelona (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_&_Crane_Arts_of_Shaolin=Snake & Crane Arts of Shaolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricks_(film)=Tricks (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One,_Two,_Three=One, Two, Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_of_Habit=Change of Habit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirivennela=Sirivennela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhoot_Bungla=Bhoot Bungla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Zoe=Killing Zoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_as_Sin=Guilty as Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Kuch_Hota_Hai=Kuch Kuch Hota Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Seduction=The Last Seduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Story_(1985_film)=Police Story (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Dragons=Twin Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lucky_Stars=My Lucky Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Brawl=The Big Brawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Experiment_(film)=The Philadelphia Experiment (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World:_Jurassic_Park=The Lost World: Jurassic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cool,_Dry_Place=A Cool, Dry Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cell=The Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Law_(film)=Criminal Law (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gigolo=American Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Philosopher's_Stone_(film)=Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Goblet_of_Fire_(film)=Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Prisoner_of_Azkaban_(film)=Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Chamber_of_Secrets_(film)=Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_Wooden_Men=Shaolin Wooden Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persona_(1966_film)=Persona (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_Don't_Dance=Cats Don't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Liquid_Sword=Legend of the Liquid Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_(film)=The Company (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Fools_(film)=Ship of Fools (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pather_Panchali=Pather Panchali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fantasy_VII:_Advent_Children=Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Riddick=The Chronicles of Riddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburbia_(film)=Suburbia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1991:_The_Year_Punk_Broke=1991: The Year Punk Broke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Durham=Bull Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Order_of_the_Phoenix_(film)=Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Tender_(film)=Love Me Tender (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Huck=Tom and Huck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_III=Infernal Affairs III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Stories=Kitchen Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawnmower_Man_(film)=The Lawnmower Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaggy_Dog_(1959_film)=The Shaggy Dog (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Advocate_(1997_film)=The Devil's Advocate (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Ghouls=Night of the Ghouls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girl_(film)=My Girl (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatliners=Flatliners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Boys=The Lost Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black_II=Men in Black II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_(1995_film)=Bad Boys (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Heart=Angel Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Guns_(film)=Young Guns (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Own=The Devil's Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Guns_II=Young Guns II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Race_(film)=Rat Race (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Wolf=Teen Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Action_Hero=Last Action Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_White_Hype=The Great White Hype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Hill=Hamburger Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_(1996_film)=Matilda (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Cuts=Short Cuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Line_of_Fire=In the Line of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Watch_(1973_film)=Night Watch (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminal=The Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._T_&_the_Women=Dr. T & the Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_(film)=23 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Cigarettes=200 Cigarettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Baked=Half Baked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Feast=Blood Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Images=Precious Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gross_Anatomy_(film)=Gross Anatomy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Quest=Vision Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Plane=Soul Plane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bacon=Canadian Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Warning_(1994_film)=Without Warning (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Your_Eyes_(1997_film)=Open Your Eyes (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book_(1967_film)=The Jungle Book (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthless_People=Ruthless People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing=Dirty Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop=Beverly Hills Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_Aliens=Mutant Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Lake=Lady in the Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_It_Off_(film)=Set It Off (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consenting_Adults_(1992_film)=Consenting Adults (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preacher's_Wife=The Preacher's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menace_II_Society=Menace II Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Permanent_Assurance=The Crimson Permanent Assurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi=Bambi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazaam=Kazaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Man_(film)=Little Big Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_(1969_film)=The Damned (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_of_the_State_(film)=Enemy of the State (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedazzled_(1967_film)=Bedazzled (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Tycoon_(1976_film)=The Last Tycoon (1976 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Wolf_Too=Teen Wolf Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerspace=Innerspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_2=Problem Child 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_(1990_film)=It (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loaded_Weapon_1=Loaded Weapon 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixteen_Candles=Sixteen Candles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_(film)=Major League (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_of_Eagles=The Wings of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_(1994_film)=Wolf (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_Will_Rock=Cradle Will Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jack_City=New Jack City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/54_(film)=54 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Girl=Birthday Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_the_Heart=Music of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Dreams_May_Come_(film)=What Dreams May Come (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_(film)=Species (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accused_(1988_film)=The Accused (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_Soldiers=The Horse Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Election_(1999_film)=Election (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Rising=Mercury Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Kiss_Goodnight=The Long Kiss Goodnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunted_(2003_film)=The Hunted (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_(1994_film)=Bad Girls (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_(film)=Rio Grande (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entity=The Entity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alone_in_the_Dark_(2005_film)=Alone in the Dark (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teahouse_of_the_August_Moon_(film)=The Teahouse of the August Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_Woman=Marked Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Melodrama=Manhattan Melodrama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stakeout_(1987_film)=Stakeout (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlito's_Way=Carlito's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Presidents=Dead Presidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_on_the_Moon=A Walk on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly_II=The Fly II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(1996_film)=Jack (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_(1993_film)=The Vanishing (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Official_Story=The Official Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_(film)=Head (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_(film)=Dave (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloved_(film)=Beloved (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefox_(film)=Firefox (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_(2002_film)=The Star (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Hazzard_(film)=The Dukes of Hazzard (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Parents=Meet the Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_2=Lethal Weapon 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Alone_3=Home Alone 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_3=Lethal Weapon 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Weapon_4=Lethal Weapon 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Learning=Higher Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Circus=At the Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25th_Hour=25th Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_(film)=Casino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frontier_(film)=The Frontier (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trip_(1967_film)=The Trip (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_in_Little_China=Big Trouble in Little China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Returns=The Cat Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Calm_(film)=Dead Calm (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dragon_(film)=Red Dragon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_Whisperer_(film)=The Horse Whisperer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Treasure_(film)=National Treasure (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Months=Nine Months
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thavory_Meas_Bong=Thavory Meas Bong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_L.A.=Escape from L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluke_(film)=Fluke (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Roy_(1995_film)=Rob Roy (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_3=Spider-Man 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_51st_State=The 51st State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Palace_(film)=White Palace (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_2:_The_Adventure_Home=Free Willy 2: The Adventure Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster's_Ball=Monster's Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers:_The_Movie=Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Wonderful_(film)=Some Kind of Wonderful (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaconda_(film)=Anaconda (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Wish=A Simple Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box-Office_Bunny=Box-Office Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_II=Species II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Summer=Stolen Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Cut=In the Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Zorro=The Mask of Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_and_Away=Far and Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Force=Magnum Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit:_Stallion_of_the_Cimarron=Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Cats_&_Dogs=The Truth About Cats & Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_in_the_Face=Blue in the Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeans_(film)=Jeans (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Jane=G.I. Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Guffman=Waiting for Guffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Knight=Demon Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordello_of_Blood=Bordello of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Boy_Scout=The Last Boy Scout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved!=Saved!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Commander_(film)=Wing Commander (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snatch_(film)=Snatch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Freedom=Cry Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Streak_(film)=Blue Streak (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_DeMarco=Don Juan DeMarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Wives_(2004_film)=The Stepford Wives (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Weeping_Camel=The Story of the Weeping Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(2004_film)=Around the World in 80 Days (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DodgeBall:_A_True_Underdog_Story=DodgeBall: A True Underdog Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorman:_The_Legend_of_Ron_Burgundy=Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Arthur_(film)=King Arthur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_for_the_Planet_of_the_Apes=Battle for the Planet of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peacemaker_(1997_film)=The Peacemaker (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pinocchio_(1996_film)=The Adventures of Pinocchio (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girl_2=My Girl 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_(film)=Lucas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Dance_(film)=Square Dance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoroughly_Modern_Millie=Thoroughly Modern Millie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Stepmother_Is_an_Alien=My Stepmother Is an Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jimmy_Timmy_Power_Hour=The Jimmy Timmy Power Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikiru=Ikiru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_vs._Jason=Freddy vs. Jason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrophenia_(film)=Quadrophenia (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepaway_Camp=Sleepaway Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Joe_Black=Meet Joe Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaane_Bhi_Do_Yaaro=Jaane Bhi Do Yaaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_and_the_Flying_Dutchman=Pandora and the Flying Dutchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3000_Miles_to_Graceland=3000 Miles to Graceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deewaar_(1975_film)=Deewaar (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenon:_Girl_of_the_21st_Century_(film)=Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taken_(TV_miniseries)=Taken (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Sky=Fire in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newton_Boys=The Newton Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Robin_Hood_and_His_Merrie_Men=The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_(film)=Mission: Impossible (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Room_(film)=Control Room (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_of_Death=Brotherhood of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(1936_film)=Circus (1936 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeiram=Zeiram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepers_(film)=Sleepers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Death=Murder by Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcist_(film)=The Exorcist (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book_2=The Jungle Book 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Adam_(film)=Young Adam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Tracy_(1990_film)=Dick Tracy (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudyard_Kipling's_The_Jungle_Book=Rudyard Kipling's The Jungle Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Man_Loves_a_Woman_(film)=When a Man Loves a Woman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets_or_Meat:_The_Return_to_Flint=Pets or Meat: The Return to Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_perros=Amores perros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Academy=Combat Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_2:_Monsters_Unleashed=Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_(1998_American_film)=Soldier (1998 American film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Cover=Deep Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Last_Resort=National Lampoon's Last Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Padre=Flying Padre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Enemy_Lines_(2001_film)=Behind Enemy Lines (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decalogue_(TV_series)=The Decalogue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Colors_trilogy=The Three Colors trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries_2:_Royal_Engagement=The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_County,_USA=Harlan County, USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Cleo=Carry On Cleo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_Betty=Nurse Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posse_(1993_film)=Posse (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Honors_(film)=With Honors (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Stakeout=Another Stakeout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outbreak_(film)=Outbreak (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldboy_(2003_film)=Oldboy (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_(1969_film)=More (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Cody_Banks_2:_Destination_London=Agent Cody Banks 2: Destination London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dolittle_2=Dr. Dolittle 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonwalker=Moonwalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplicity_(film)=Multiplicity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Madison=Billy Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sure_Thing=The Sure Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Circuit_(1986_film)=Short Circuit (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rains_Came=The Rains Came
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobsters=Mobsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1969_(film)=1969 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Home,_Roxy_Carmichael=Welcome Home, Roxy Carmichael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumber=Dumb and Dumber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Werewolf_in_Paris=An American Werewolf in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Date_(1987_film)=Blind Date (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_(2004_film)=The Village (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_(1989_film)=Scandal (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.A.R.Y.L.=D.A.R.Y.L.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Traffic=Heavy Traffic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(2003_film)=Peter Pan (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_and_the_Dead_(1995_film)=The Quick and the Dead (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Town_(film)=Boys Town (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_A.E.=Titan A.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Edge_(film)=Over the Edge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_from_a_Marriage=Scenes from a Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Were_Kings=When We Were Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolya=Kolya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_and_the_Giant_Peach_(film)=James and the Giant Peach (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_or_Cure_(1962_film)=Kill or Cure (1962 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffhanger_(film)=Cliffhanger (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_(film)=Hair (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring,_Summer,_Fall,_Winter..._and_Spring=Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... and Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Cop=Violent Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scene_at_the_Sea=A Scene at the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonatine_(1993_film)=Sonatine (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Any%3F=Getting Any?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Return=Kids Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana-bi=Hana-bi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikujiro=Kikujiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_(2000_film)=Brother (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little_2=Stuart Little 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homerun_(film)=Homerun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spit_on_Your_Grave=I Spit on Your Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunting_of_the_President=The Hunting of the President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Wilderness=Man in the Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_(1987_film)=The Dead (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Jury=Runaway Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Rails=The Battle of the Rails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_of_the_Nerds=Triumph of the Nerds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josie_and_the_Pussycats_(film)=Josie and the Pussycats (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishonen_(film)=Bishonen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Paradise=Children of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'_Better_Blues=Mo' Better Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_I_Live_In_(1945_film)=The House I Live In (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabberwocky_(film)=Jabberwocky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debt_of_Honour=Debt of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenon_(film)=Phenomenon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Claudel_(film)=Camille Claudel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Park_(film)=Dog Park (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Round=The Third Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_(1922_film)=Bulldog Drummond (1922 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blob=The Blob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witness_(1969_French_film)=The Witness (1969 French film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Year_Itch=The Seven Year Itch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_of_State_(film)=Head of State (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apartment_(1996_film)=The Apartment (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Bang=Dead Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back_to_the_Five_and_Dime,_Jimmy_Dean,_Jimmy_Dean_(film)=Come Back to the Five and Dime, Jimmy Dean, Jimmy Dean (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It_On_(film)=Bring It On (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_and_the_Rose=The Sword and the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_in_the_Moon=Woman in the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baise-moi=Baise-moi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baby-Sitters_Club_(film)=The Baby-Sitters Club (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frighteners=The Frighteners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1951_film)=Alice in Wonderland (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_(film)=Country (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_(1987_film)=Anna (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Dreams_(1985_film)=Sweet Dreams (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steamboy=Steamboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Screen=Behind the Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Box_(film)=Music Box (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Baker_Boys=The Fabulous Baker Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/But_I'm_a_Cheerleader=But I'm a Cheerleader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grifters_(film)=The Grifters (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._and_Mrs._Bridge=Mr. and Mrs. Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_Conquers_the_Universe=Flash Gordon Conquers the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indochine_(film)=Indochine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Boys=For the Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_Fish=Passion Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_(film)=Blue Sky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Lives_(film)=Taking Lives (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Again=Dead Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_(1991_film)=Father of the Bride (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_One=The Wild One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faster,_Pussycat!_Kill!_Kill!=Faster, Pussycat! Kill! Kill!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_(film)=Wilson (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berserker_(1987_film)=Berserker (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berserker_(2004_film)=Berserker (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore_Hates_America=Michael Moore Hates America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revue=Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly_(1954_film)=Suddenly (1954 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_Mission=Laser Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Man_and_Little_Boy=Fat Man and Little Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Lives_of_Elizabeth_and_Essex=The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Patrullero=El Patrullero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner_(1996_film)=The Winner (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_the_Compass_(film)=Death and the Compass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(1987_film)=Promised Land (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phone_Booth_(film)=Phone Booth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Fire=Green Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourteen_Hours=Fourteen Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_and_the_Assassin=The Emperor and the Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaching_Mrs._Tingle=Teaching Mrs. Tingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptress_Moon=Temptress Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.W.A.T._(film)=S.W.A.T. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_&_Viv=Tom & Viv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1994_film)=Little Women (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin's_Room_(film)=Marvin's Room (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Waves=Breaking the Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_April=Enchanted April
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_of_Bensonhurst=Spike of Bensonhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Ringing_Tree=The Singing Ringing Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dickson_Experimental_Sound_Film=The Dickson Experimental Sound Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casshern_(film)=Casshern (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cid_(film)=El Cid (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colors_(1991_film)=True Colors (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenic_and_Old_Lace_(film)=Arsenic and Old Lace (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Minute_(film)=New York Minute (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia:_A_Portrait_of_the_Woman=Antonia: A Portrait of the Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwoman_(film)=Catwoman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_Dress=A Summer Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Nicotine;_or,_The_Smoke_Fairy=Princess Nicotine; or, The Smoke Fairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Death_II=Faces of Death II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Mutiny=Space Mutiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_(film)=Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_My_Skin_(film)=Under My Skin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothika=Gothika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Behind_the_Sun=Men Behind the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialogues_with_Madwomen=Dialogues with Madwomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangmen_Also_Die!=Hangmen Also Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Brew=Strange Brew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bay_Boy=The Bay Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_(1938_film)=Olympia (1938 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omagh_(film)=Omagh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Apocalypse=Resident Evil: Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Mouton_noir=Le Mouton noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor_or_Patriot=Traitor or Patriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/61*=61*
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobb_(film)=Cobb (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_6th_Day=The 6th Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartan_(film)=Spartan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_Grizzly_Adams=The Life and Times of Grizzly Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navigators_(film)=The Navigators (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perils_of_Gwendoline_in_the_Land_of_the_Yik-Yak=The Perils of Gwendoline in the Land of the Yik-Yak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Eclipse_(film)=Total Eclipse (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bleak_Midwinter_(film)=In the Bleak Midwinter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitcom_(film)=Sitcom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_of_Courage:_An_Ewok_Adventure=Caravan of Courage: An Ewok Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crush_(1993_film)=The Crush (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Sunrise=Before Sunrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Rock=School of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Sunset=Before Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewoks:_The_Battle_for_Endor=Ewoks: The Battle for Endor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Cauldron_(film)=The Black Cauldron (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Life_(1964_film)=Wonderful Life (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Robin_Hood=Miss Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_on_the_Side=Boys on the Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_II=Beverly Hills Cop II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Family_Robinson_(1960_film)=Swiss Family Robinson (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrorists:_The_Kids_They_Sentenced=Terrorists: The Kids They Sentenced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Side_of_the_Moon_(film)=Dark Side of the Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Downtime=Freedom Downtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_a_Woman,_She's_a_Man=He's a Woman, She's a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_a_Thief_(1991_film)=Once a Thief (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouge_(film)=Rouge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Well,_Ends_Well=All's Well, Ends Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Lonely_Place=In a Lonely Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohabbatein=Mohabbatein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_After=Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outland_(film)=Outland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Boy=Tommy Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_Ho-Tep=Bubba Ho-Tep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Sky=Liquid Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Jeopardy_(film)=Double Jeopardy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Night_(film)=Judgment Night (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_with_a_Stranger=Dance with a Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spies_Like_Us=Spies Like Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Lady=The Wicked Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(1998_film)=Twilight (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Ralph=King Ralph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Love_(1981_film)=Endless Love (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collateral_(film)=Collateral (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_II=Death Wish II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ringers_(film)=Dead Ringers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Munch_(film)=Edvard Munch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Inkwell=Out of the Inkwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savior_(film)=Savior (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(1988_film)=Alice (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Actress=Millennium Actress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thin_Line_Between_Love_and_Hate=A Thin Line Between Love and Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_(film)=10 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culloden_(film)=Culloden (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_New_York=King of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_In-Laws_(1979_film)=The In-Laws (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_Race=The Rat Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiler_Room_(film)=Boiler Room (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fetishes_(film)=Fetishes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolberg_(film)=Kolberg (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Order_(film)=Point of Order (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Lady_Macbeth=Siberian Lady Macbeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Mr._Lincoln=Young Mr. Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Hit=The Big Hit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/42nd_Street_(film)=42nd Street (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_(1995_film)=Sebastian (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belly_of_the_Beast=Belly of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Bee_Girls=Invasion of the Bee Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Giant=The Iron Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_Flint=Our Man Flint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_and_the_Bandit=Smokey and the Bandit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Libertine_(1969_film)=The Libertine (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitter_Tears_of_Petra_von_Kant=The Bitter Tears of Petra von Kant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_de_Jour_(film)=Belle de Jour (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seduction:_The_Cruel_Woman=Seduction: The Cruel Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Decadence=Tokyo Decadence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanking_Love=Spanking Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bondage_Master=The Bondage Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Whispers=Moonlight Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Freaks_and_Men=Of Freaks and Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Up_There_Likes_Me_(1956_film)=Somebody Up There Likes Me (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frantic_(film)=Frantic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_(1964_film)=Zulu (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preaching_to_the_Perverted_(film)=Preaching to the Perverted (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Image_(film)=The Image (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettie_Page:_Dark_Angel=Bettie Page: Dark Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_and_Dangerous_(film)=Armed and Dangerous (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Story=Tokyo Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_Flower=Equinox Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Moon=Bitter Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Spring=Late Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Porter=The Night Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Who's_Talking=Look Who's Talking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piano_Teacher_(film)=The Piano Teacher (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinevere_(film)=Guinevere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_(1989_film)=Always (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tales_of_Beatrix_Potter=The Tales of Beatrix Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclo_(film)=Cyclo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Witches=The Night of the Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Commando=Suburban Commando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Varrick=Charley Varrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Style=Wild Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Leopard_Woman=Tarzan and the Leopard Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full-Court_Miracle=Full-Court Miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looney_Tunes:_Back_in_Action=Looney Tunes: Back in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andaz_Apna_Apna=Andaz Apna Apna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_America_(film)=Air America (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kama_Sutra:_A_Tale_of_Love=Kama Sutra: A Tale of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De-Lovely=De-Lovely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeway_(1996_film)=Freeway (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_to_Remember=A Walk to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shampoo_(film)=Shampoo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_in_the_Dark_(1964_film)=A Shot in the Dark (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heartbreak_Kid_(1972_film)=The Heartbreak Kid (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Angry_Man=God's Angry Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Cancun=The Real Cancun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Roan_Inish=The Secret of Roan Inish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Potter_and_the_Half-Blood_Prince_(film)=Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_and_Cover_(film)=Duck and Cover (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_and_Natasha:_The_Movie=Boris and Natasha: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalathur_Kannamma=Kalathur Kannamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landru_(film)=Landru (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Detective_(film)=The Singing Detective (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampyr=Vampyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Folks_Call_It_a_Sling_Blade=Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Time_of_the_Butterflies_(film)=In the Time of the Butterflies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_XXX-Mas=Black XXX-Mas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumb_(film)=Crumb (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indecent_Proposal=Indecent Proposal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Care_Bears_Movie=The Care Bears Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Does_Not_Believe_in_Tears=Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiness_(1998_film)=Happiness (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quatermass_Xperiment=The Quatermass Xperiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat_(film)=Ararat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stray_Dog_(film)=Stray Dog (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_and_Low_(1963_film)=High and Low (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Angel=Drunken Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatermass_2=Quatermass 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Supremacy_(film)=The Bourne Supremacy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepover_(film)=Sleepover (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Chicks=White Chicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatermass_and_the_Pit_(film)=Quatermass and the Pit (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Brothers=Two Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Helen=Raising Helen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambler_(1974_film)=The Gambler (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_(2001_film)=Avalon (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Gorgeous_(film)=Drop Dead Gorgeous (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praying_with_Anger=Praying with Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papillon_(film)=Papillon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Blood=First Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprenticeship_of_Duddy_Kravitz_(film)=The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(2002_film)=The Count of Monte Cristo (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_the_Unknown=X the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Girl_from_Mars=Devil Girl from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Wong_Foo,_Thanks_for_Everything!_Julie_Newmar=To Wong Foo, Thanks for Everything! Julie Newmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_&_Kumar_Go_to_White_Castle=Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenous=Ravenous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_(2002_film)=Spider (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Sleep_Well=The Bad Sleep Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Island_Earth=This Island Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Came_from_Beneath_the_Sea=It Came from Beneath the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Movie=The Muppet Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addams_Family_Values=Addams Family Values
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_and_the_Blue_Oranges=Tintin and the Blue Oranges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocketship_X-M=Rocketship X-M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Moonbase=Project Moonbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_City_of_Angels=The Crow: City of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_Salvation=The Crow: Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footloose_(1984_film)=Footloose (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong-Bak:_Muay_Thai_Warrior=Ong-Bak: Muay Thai Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Men_in_the_Moon_(1964_film)=First Men in the Moon (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escaflowne_(film)=Escaflowne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronos_(film)=Kronos (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Moon_(film)=Destination Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile_to_the_Moon=Missile to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studs_Lonigan=Studs Lonigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Movie_3=Scary Movie 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Drink_Man_Woman=Eat Drink Man Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannequin_(1987_film)=Mannequin (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Dynamite=Napoleon Dynamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_War=Murphy's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4D_Man=4D Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_in_60_Seconds_(2000_film)=Gone in 60 Seconds (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Grave=Shallow Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Red_Planet=The Angry Red Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisa_Smile=Mona Lisa Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_for_Insomnia=The Cure for Insomnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Most_Meaningless_Movie_in_the_World=The Longest Most Meaningless Movie in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_of_the_Red_Lotus_Temple=The Burning of the Red Lotus Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Affair_to_Remember=An Affair to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_American=The Ugly American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakin'_All_the_Rules=Breakin' All the Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laws_of_Attraction=Laws of Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cable_Guy=The Cable Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooged=Scrooged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Fire=Streets of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_Out_(1987_film)=No Way Out (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duplessis=Duplessis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_109_(film)=PT 109 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaker_Morant_(film)=Breaker Morant (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preppie_Murder=The Preppie Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishcraft=Wishcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portrait_of_a_Lady_(film)=The Portrait of a Lady (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_Bureau=The Assassination Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonslayer=Dragonslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimfan=Swimfan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Days_and_40_Nights=40 Days and 40 Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Teacher_(film)=Please Teacher (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitch!_The_Movie=Stitch! The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_and_Wives=Husbands and Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Play_in_the_Fields_of_the_Lord=At Play in the Fields of the Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_(film)=Celebrity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psycho_2=American Psycho 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratz:_Starrin'_&_Stylin'=Bratz: Starrin' & Stylin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiend_Without_a_Face=Fiend Without a Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrooms_(film)=Shrooms (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1492:_Conquest_of_Paradise=1492: Conquest of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robots_(2005_film)=Robots (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asphalt_Jungle=The Asphalt Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_from_20,000_Fathoms=The Beast from 20,000 Fathoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Triad=Shanghai Triad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_November_(2001_film)=Sweet November (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_in_the_Shadows_of_Motown=Standing in the Shadows of Motown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(1978_film)=Magic (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Trousers=The Wrong Trousers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grand_Day_Out=A Grand Day Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyton_Place_(film)=Peyton Place (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It!_The_Terror_from_Beyond_Space=It! The Terror from Beyond Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Gwangi=The Valley of Gwangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Million_Miles_to_Earth=20 Million Miles to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X:_The_Man_with_the_X-ray_Eyes=X: The Man with the X-ray Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trollenberg_Terror=The Trollenberg Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outfoxed=Outfoxed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_One_of_the_Guys=Just One of the Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_(2002_film)=Simone (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagabond_(film)=Vagabond (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Info_Wars=Info Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwone_Fisher_(film)=Antwone Fisher (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Light=Visions of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(film)=Evolution (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charade_(1963_film)=Charade (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Dog=Wolf Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Toilet_(film)=Public Toilet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_America:_World_Police=Team America: World Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Sign=The Seventh Sign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Jesse=Dear Jesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/200_Motels=200 Motels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_vs._Predator_(film)=Alien vs. Predator (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_House_(1989_film)=Road House (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_High=High School High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(1926_film)=The Magician (1926 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Littles=Here Come the Littles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Within_the_Woods=Within the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kentucky_Fried_Movie=The Kentucky Fried Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munna_Bhai_M.B.B.S.=Munna Bhai M.B.B.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(2002_film)=Spellbound (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxfire_(1996_film)=Foxfire (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek_the_Third=Shrek the Third
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_President_(2006_film)=Death of a President (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caveman_(film)=Caveman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwise_(film)=Clockwise (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basquiat_(film)=Basquiat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twonky=The Twonky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitcher_(1986_film)=The Hitcher (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basque_Ball:_Skin_Against_Stone=The Basque Ball: Skin Against Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1921_film)=The Three Musketeers (1921 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopper_(film)=Chopper (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickup_on_South_Street=Pickup on South Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedford_Incident=The Bedford Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Records=Empire Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Water_(film)=Open Water (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startup.com=Startup.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentist_on_the_Job=Dentist on the Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Shadow=The Emperor's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(2000_film)=Circus (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulworth=Bulworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleine_Freiheit=Kleine Freiheit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Which_Annie_Gives_It_Those_Ones=In Which Annie Gives It Those Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1900_(film)=1900 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Anarchy=Love and Anarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Odessa=Little Odessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Birthday,_Wanda_June=Happy Birthday, Wanda June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualties_of_Love:_The_%22Long_Island_Lolita%22_Story=Casualties of Love: The "Long Island Lolita" Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Roberts=Bob Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpio_Rising_(film)=Scorpio Rising (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_(1979_film)=Real Life (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_(film)=Chicken (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Marry_a_Millionaire=How to Marry a Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Wonderland_(1966_TV_play)=Alice in Wonderland (1966 TV play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Square_(film)=Berkeley Square (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_and_Colette=Antoine and Colette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_(film)=Daylight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunhyang_(2000_film)=Chunhyang (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_Less_Ordinary=A Life Less Ordinary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Off_Dead_(film)=Better Off Dead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugrats_Go_Wild=Rugrats Go Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gun_in_Betty_Lou's_Handbag=The Gun in Betty Lou's Handbag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Dead=Land of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maggie=The Maggie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Eagle=The Mountain Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Heaven=Children of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_with_Pancho_Villa=Let's Go with Pancho Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Death=Love and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Curious_(Yellow)=I Am Curious (Yellow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_(film)=Orlando (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Birds_(film)=For the Birds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easter_Parade_(film)=Easter Parade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Queen's_Men=All the Queen's Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Time=Swing Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Road_(film)=Two for the Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(2000_film)=Restless (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recruit=The Recruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_(film)=Dinosaur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exorcist:_The_Beginning=Exorcist: The Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimacy_(film)=Intimacy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_Time_(film)=Somewhere in Time (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Act=Sister Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_(film)=Cars (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notorious_Bettie_Page=The Notorious Bettie Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Valley_of_the_Dolls=Beyond the Valley of the Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_2_the_Grave=Cradle 2 the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Majesty_O'Keefe=His Majesty O'Keefe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(1985_film)=Legend (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_Dawn=Zulu Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronos_(film)=Chronos (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_2:_Hypercube=Cube 2: Hypercube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motorcycle_Diaries_(film)=The Motorcycle Diaries (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dames=Dames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounders_(film)=Rounders (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_(2000_film)=Together (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilya_4-ever=Lilya 4-ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankurt_(1990_film)=Mankurt (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink_(film)=Blink (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_by_Heart=Playing by Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Enemy=Sleeping with the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey,_I_Blew_Up_the_Kid=Honey, I Blew Up the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Isaiah=Losing Isaiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airheads=Airheads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heroes_of_Telemark=The Heroes of Telemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thamizhan=Thamizhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Bwana=Call Me Bwana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Man_(1941_film)=The Wolf Man (1941 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Fred=Drop Dead Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacondas:_The_Hunt_for_the_Blood_Orchid=Anacondas: The Hunt for the Blood Orchid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Waltz=The Last Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_(1928_film)=The Crowd (1928 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_for_Your_Life,_Charlie_Brown=Race for Your Life, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumumba_(film)=Lumumba (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Girl=The Good Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Wall=A Great Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_the_Distance_(2004_film)=Going the Distance (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(2006_film)=Casino Royale (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remo_Williams:_The_Adventure_Begins=Remo Williams: The Adventure Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovin'_Molly=Lovin' Molly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat*21=Bat*21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_(film)=Gorgeous (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostwatch=Ghostwatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Services=Personal Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoon_(film)=Cocoon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoon:_The_Return=Cocoon: The Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainscan=Brainscan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_El_Dorado=The Road to El Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sea_(film)=Beyond the Sea (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Story=A Christmas Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hour_Photo=One Hour Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly's_Heroes=Kelly's Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Skeleton_of_Cadavra=The Lost Skeleton of Cadavra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taegukgi_(film)=Taegukgi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Petticoat=Operation Petticoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Harm's_Way=In Harm's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manderlay=Manderlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Legend_(film)=Urban Legend (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Hawaii=Blue Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambada_(film)=Lambada (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_(1990_film)=Revenge (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_(film)=The Wizard (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Hawk_(1940_film)=The Sea Hawk (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Mile_(film)=Miracle Mile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Fu_Manchu=The Mask of Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Teamed=Double Teamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Last_Night_(1986_film)=About Last Night (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds_II:_Nerds_in_Paradise=Revenge of the Nerds II: Nerds in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Out=Side Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_(film)=Heavy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Smile=Mister Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Back_to_Oz=Journey Back to Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(1994_film)=North (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Adventure=Alien Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspect_Zero=Suspect Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hole_(2001_film)=The Hole (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Hands_(film)=Pushing Hands (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_Wedding=Monsoon Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasure_Garden_(film)=The Pleasure Garden (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsies=Newsies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Real_Girls=All the Real Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analyze_This=Analyze This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Dangerous_Mind=Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ator=Ator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ator_l'invincibile_2=Ator l'invincibile 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Mile_(film)=The Green Mile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Bob%3F=What About Bob?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Science_Theater_3000:_The_Movie=Mystery Science Theater 3000: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Lady=Funny Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_with_Mussolini=Tea with Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_on_Haunted_Hill_(1999_film)=House on Haunted Hill (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Destiny=Mr. Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate_(2004_film)=The Manchurian Candidate (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Titans_(1981_film)=Clash of the Titans (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Moon=The Man in the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginning_of_the_End_(film)=Beginning of the End (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Boy_(film)=Bubble Boy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Act_2:_Back_in_the_Habit=Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shoes_of_the_Fisherman=The Shoes of the Fisherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_Where_I'm_Going!=I Know Where I'm Going!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Drink_with_Me=Come Drink with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_(film)=Angus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Arnold!:_The_Movie=Hey Arnold!: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_Pool_(film)=Swimming Pool (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_(1963_film)=The Haunting (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insecticidal=Insecticidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Boys_of_Sudan_(film)=Lost Boys of Sudan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izzy_and_Moe=Izzy and Moe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_of_Blood=Theatre of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_Sam=Summer of Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaters_(film)=Cheaters (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crickets_(film)=Crickets (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_and_the_Brave=The Bold and the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Saintly_Switch=A Saintly Switch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Delancey=Crossing Delancey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemora=Lemora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Pelham_One_Two_Three_(1974_film)=The Taking of Pelham One Two Three (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Legged_Freaks=Eight Legged Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_(1999_film)=The Haunting (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skydivers=The Skydivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Young_Things_(film)=Bright Young Things (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpion_King=The Scorpion King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy:_Tomb_of_the_Dragon_Emperor=The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_Returns=The Mummy Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanga_(film)=Tanga (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_&_Dogs=Cats & Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pod_People=The Pod People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Tokyo=Destination Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_H20:_20_Years_Later=Halloween H20: 20 Years Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tequila_Sunrise_(film)=Tequila Sunrise (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Sun_(1945_film)=A Walk in the Sun (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Hell_and_Back_(film)=To Hell and Back (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Justice_(1984_film)=Final Justice (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Chasers=Time Chasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SST:_Death_Flight=SST: Death Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Tale_(film)=Tall Tale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Death_of_Colonel_Blimp=The Life and Death of Colonel Blimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiki-Jitsu=Shiki-Jitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_(film)=Congo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Town=Girls Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredibly_Strange_Creatures_Who_Stopped_Living_and_Became_Mixed-Up_Zombies=The Incredibly Strange Creatures Who Stopped Living and Became Mixed-Up Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Bulge_(film)=Battle of the Bulge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overdrawn_at_the_Memory_Bank=Overdrawn at the Memory Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mermaids_(film)=Mermaids (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Wax_(1953_film)=House of Wax (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers'_Day_(film)=Fathers' Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Fockers=Meet the Fockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_(film)=Midway (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_Days_at_Peking=55 Days at Peking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_(film)=Flirting (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_(film)=Titus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_and_Die_in_L.A._(film)=To Live and Die in L.A. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Dirt=Joe Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swordfish_(film)=Swordfish (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Identity_(2002_film)=The Bourne Identity (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Queen_(TV_serial)=The Virgin Queen (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windtalkers=Windtalkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_at_Remagen=The Bridge at Remagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Top_Pee-wee=Big Top Pee-wee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Jack=Billy Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_(1990_film)=The Guardian (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_School_(1987_film)=Summer School (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eegah=Eegah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(_)_(film)=( ) (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Late_the_Hero_(film)=Too Late the Hero (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness_(1943_film)=Edge of Darkness (1943 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SpongeBob_SquarePants_Movie=The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Prix_(1966_film)=Grand Prix (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mirror_of_Maya_Deren=In the Mirror of Maya Deren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(2004_film)=Twisted (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_and_Dangerous_(series)=Young and Dangerous (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PG_Tips=PG Tips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Desert_(film)=Blue Desert (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwatchers=Clockwatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(film)=Millennium (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transporter=The Transporter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_to_Exhale=Waiting to Exhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail=An American Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(2000_film)=Shaft (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill:_The_Hollywood_Years=Churchill: The Hollywood Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_School_(film)=Old School (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eroica_(1958_film)=Eroica (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_the_Tracks=Man on the Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Mars=Ghosts of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampires_(film)=Vampires (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Parker_and_the_Vicious_Circle=Mrs. Parker and the Vicious Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Treatment=Shock Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doom_Generation=The Doom Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommersby=Sommersby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pork_Chop_Hill=Pork Chop Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babette's_Feast=Babette's Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Experiment=Das Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_Here=It Happened Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex:_The_Annabel_Chong_Story=Sex: The Annabel Chong Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tape_(film)=Tape (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_My_Success_(1987_film)=The Secret of My Success (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Grace_(film)=State of Grace (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Godfathers=Tokyo Godfathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Lake=Eden Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(1973_film)=Robin Hood (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_(1953_film)=Peter Pan (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover_Dangerfield=Rover Dangerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watership_Down_(film)=Watership Down (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carter_(film)=John Carter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(film)=The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat_(film)=Mortal Kombat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_at_Last:_The_Movie=Free at Last: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machuca=Machuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Time_Dead=Long Time Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Secret!=Top Secret!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Frontal_(film)=Full Frontal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Bleep_Do_We_Know!%3F=What the Bleep Do We Know!?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knick_Knack=Knick Knack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(1932_film)=Vanity Fair (1932 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Las_Vegas=Viva Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaming_Star=Flaming Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Blessing=Deadly Blessing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Quatermain_and_the_Lost_City_of_Gold=Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Stories=New York Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberman_(film)=Cyberman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Boum=La Boum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimbledon_(film)=Wimbledon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Gunfighter=Death of a Gunfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Thornberrys_Movie=The Wild Thornberrys Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_Without_a_Mexican=A Day Without a Mexican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days_(film)=Dark Days (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_Express=Festival Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'n'_Roll_High_School=Rock 'n' Roll High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Sunset=After the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_(film)=Gothic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawks_(film)=Hawks (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shogun_Assassin=Shogun Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(2003_film)=The Return (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_(film)=Ray (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Arrow_(1950_film)=Broken Arrow (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downfall_(2004_film)=Downfall (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Dawn's_Early_Light=By Dawn's Early Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hole_in_My_Heart=A Hole in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hired!=Hired!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Night_in_Paris=1 Night in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullies=Bullies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_Disturbance=Domestic Disturbance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Brother_(1999_film)=Hello Brother (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_(1996_film)=Ransom (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindergarten_Cop=Kindergarten Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Who's_Talking_Too=Look Who's Talking Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bored_of_Education=Bored of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_Dead_Man's_Chest=Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repulsion=Repulsion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Lone_Ranger=The Legend of the Lone Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divorce_of_Lady_X=The Divorce of Lady X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose_Steps_Out=The Goose Steps Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_of_the_Few=The First of the Few
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Learned_Friend=My Learned Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_Fire=Breathing Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foul_Play_(1978_film)=Foul Play (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_American_Uncle=My American Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Monster=Robot Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sabbath_(film)=Black Sabbath (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nam's_Angels=Nam's Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Heaven=The Other Side of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_Italiano_(film)=Mambo Italiano (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duct_Tape_Forever=Duct Tape Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(1994_film)=Sirens (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautician_and_the_Beast=The Beautician and the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Irresistible_(film)=Simply Irresistible (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Kong=The Mighty Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commandments_(film)=Commandments (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_and_Me=Tintin and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck,_You_Sucker!=Duck, You Sucker!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Skin=The Soft Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Club=Fight Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._3000=Mr. 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicker_Park_(film)=Wicker Park (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blue_World=Dark Blue World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gate_(1987_film)=The Gate (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neria=Neria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer's_Wife=The Farmer's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonheart=Dragonheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screamers_(1995_film)=Screamers (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Soldiers=We Were Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nicky=Little Nicky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekromantik=Nekromantik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Silence=Sacred Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_(1963_film)=Passenger (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somersault_(film)=Somersault (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Baby_(1978_film)=Pretty Baby (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Honor=Stolen Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_New_Partner=My New Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_and_Samantha=Napoleon and Samantha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Feathers=Horse Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winged_Migration=Winged Migration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Revenge=Angels Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitter_(film)=Glitter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerboy=Hammerboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1980_film)=Out of the Blue (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nousukausi=Nousukausi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Nightmare=Red Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Race_2000=Death Race 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocity_Trap=Velocity Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang_(1991_film)=White Fang (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Daughter_(2004_film)=First Daughter (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_of_Heaven_and_Earth=Warriors of Heaven and Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball_(TV_series)=Baseball (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Cut_(2004_film)=The Final Cut (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Spirits_(film)=The House of the Spirits (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immoral_Mr._Teas=The Immoral Mr. Teas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Creole=King Creole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Force_(film)=G-Force (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Horatio_Hornblower_R.N.=Captain Horatio Hornblower R.N.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel's_Egg=Angel's Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Pizza=Fat Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Destroyer=Conan the Destroyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_'73=Winchester '73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Story_3:_Super_Cop=Police Story 3: Super Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_(2004_film)=Saw (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Crime=Once Upon a Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Voyage=Fantastic Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayor_of_the_Sunset_Strip=Mayor of the Sunset Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Ten_Yards=The Whole Ten Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth:_The_Golden_Age=Elizabeth: The Golden Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Playground_(2002_film)=Devil's Playground (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_with_Love=Down with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barber=The Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon's_Trip_to_Mars=Flash Gordon's Trip to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_White_Suit=The Man in the White Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catlow=Catlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Army_(film)=God's Army (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_(film)=Meteor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_(film)=City Hall (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Modesty=My Name Is Modesty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cat,_White_Cat=Black Cat, White Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_of_the_Wolf=Brotherhood of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Upriver=Going Upriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushido_Blade_(film)=Bushido Blade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Blood_(1985_film)=Flesh and Blood (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Liberty=Chasing Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Cuba=I Am Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozart_and_the_Whale=Mozart and the Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladder_49=Ladder 49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey,_I_Shrunk_the_Kids=Honey, I Shrunk the Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boyfriend's_Back_(1993_film)=My Boyfriend's Back (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_a_Black_Hat=Fear of a Black Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Gas_(film)=Laughing Gas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Test_(film)=Rabbit Test (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf_(1999_film)=Beowulf (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil_(film)=Resident Evil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godsend_(film)=Godsend (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.F.O._(1993_film)=U.F.O. (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Football_Factory_(film)=The Football Factory (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Manson_Superstar=Charles Manson Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahrenhype_9/11=Fahrenhype 9/11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Reeds=Wild Reeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Story=L.A. Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delivering_Milo=Delivering Milo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_Sharks=Pool Sharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Suede=Johnny Suede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Paddle=Without a Paddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Flying_Daggers=House of Flying Daggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Ropes=Against the Ropes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Blue_Eyes=Mickey Blue Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_That_Rocks_the_Cradle_(film)=The Hand That Rocks the Cradle (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_II=Bad Boys II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Kelly_(1970_film)=Ned Kelly (1970 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dog_Skip_(film)=My Dog Skip (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_(1996_film)=Black Sheep (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blank_Check_(film)=Blank Check (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Games=Forbidden Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._Demented=Cecil B. Demented
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankman=Blankman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavyweights=Heavyweights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Phoenix=Enter the Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombi_2=Zombi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Education_(film)=Bad Education (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Summer=Early Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalingrad_(1993_film)=Stalingrad (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Beyond:_Return_of_the_Joker=Batman Beyond: Return of the Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Radio=Freedom Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_(1998_film)=Wide Awake (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhouse_(1990_film)=Madhouse (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_(film)=Cellular (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Heart_Huckabees=I Heart Huckabees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln_(1930_film)=Abraham Lincoln (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layer_Cake_(film)=Layer Cake (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_School=Back to School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiots=The Idiots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_(2004_film)=The Forgotten (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Neverland=Finding Neverland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_and_Carla=Connie and Carla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Land=Cop Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean's_Twelve=Ocean's Twelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Tears_Go_By_(film)=As Tears Go By (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1931_English-language_film)=Dracula (1931 English-language film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_2:_Cruise_Control=Speed 2: Cruise Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_(1958_film)=The Goddess (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Florette=Jean de Florette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manon_des_Sources_(1986_film)=Manon des Sources (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_Must_Die=Romeo Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Boss=The Big Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_Fury=Fist of Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_of_the_Dragon=Way of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Death=Game of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Shots!=Hot Shots!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1979_film)=Dracula (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guys_and_Balls=Guys and Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Luck_Tomorrow=Better Luck Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollerball_(1975_film)=Rollerball (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollerball_(2002_film)=Rollerball (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beaver_Trilogy=The Beaver Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_All_That=She's All That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machinist=The Machinist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topsy-Turvy=Topsy-Turvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_(film)=Clean (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullets_over_Broadway=Bullets over Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Moon_(film)=Paper Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Dreams=E-Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Games=Spy Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primal_Fear_(film)=Primal Fear (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Bassett:_England_Manager=Mike Bassett: England Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latter_Days=Latter Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Fall=Silent Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_48_Hrs.=Another 48 Hrs.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_People_(1942_film)=Cat People (1942 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_People_(1982_film)=Cat People (1982 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_(film)=Bombay (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gidget_(film)=Gidget (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_Bottom_of_the_Sea=Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Are_Ringing_(film)=Bells Are Ringing (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyman's_Feast=Everyman's Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacombe,_Lucien=Lacombe, Lucien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1985_film)=Anna Karenina (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switching_Channels=Switching Channels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_II=Superman II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Bed=The Burning Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Spring_(1956_film)=Early Spring (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floating_Weeds=Floating Weeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_(film)=Good Morning (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_III=Superman III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathtrap_(film)=Deathtrap (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsignor_(film)=Monsignor (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Full_of_Grace=Maria Full of Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10th_Kingdom=The 10th Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Little_Animals=All the Little Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Stewart's_Coming_Home=Morgan Stewart's Coming Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Sobibor=Escape from Sobibor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Fusion_Reborn=Dragon Ball Z: Fusion Reborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_God_He_Met_Lizzie=Thank God He Met Lizzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyaa_Dil_Ne_Kahaa=Kyaa Dil Ne Kahaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(film)=Woodstock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metroland_(film)=Metroland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Women=Thirteen Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Sangre=Santa Sangre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_(film)=Amadeus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Lights_(film)=Friday Night Lights (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skulls_(film)=The Skulls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandits_(2001_film)=Bandits (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Affairs_II=Infernal Affairs II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivans_Xtc=Ivans Xtc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.S._(film)=P.S. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(2005_film)=The Island (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishima:_A_Life_in_Four_Chapters=Mishima: A Life in Four Chapters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Dead_Zone=Dragon Ball Z: Dead Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Nacht_und_Eis=In Nacht und Eis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toy_(1982_film)=The Toy (1982 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Crypt_(film)=Tales from the Crypt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Warrior=The Princess and the Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(2004_film)=Shall We Dance? (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Flyer_(film)=Radio Flyer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wild_(1986_film)=Something Wild (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Work_(film)=Blood Work (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_(film)=Scooby-Doo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsara_Kanavu=Minsara Kanavu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Mr._Right=Making Mr. Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Food_(film)=Soul Food (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver's_Story_(film)=Oliver's Story (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Marias=The Three Marias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Aquatic_with_Steve_Zissou=The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Englishman_Who_Went_Up_a_Hill_But_Came_Down_a_Mountain=The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_'77=Airport '77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_G.I._Joe=The Story of G.I. Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_a_Living=Making a Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Files_(film)=The X-Files (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_a_Soldier=Ballad of a Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_Film_About_Love=A Short Film About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowards_Bend_the_Knee=Cowards Bend the Knee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dussehra_(film)=Dussehra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humorous_Phases_of_Funny_Faces=Humorous Phases of Funny Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundhay_Garden_Scene=Roundhay Garden Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Returns=Superman Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsara_(2001_film)=Samsara (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindhunters=Mindhunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgasmo=Orgasmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Servant_(1963_film)=The Servant (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Architect_(film)=The Architect (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quill_(film)=Quill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Blue_Sea_(1999_film)=Deep Blue Sea (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_Zorro_(1940_film)=The Mark of Zorro (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_Zorro_(1920_film)=The Mark of Zorro (1920 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eating_Raoul=Eating Raoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Draughtsman's_Contract=The Draughtsman's Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Delight_(film)=Turkish Delight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(1922_film)=Robin Hood (1922 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superbabies:_Baby_Geniuses_2=Superbabies: Baby Geniuses 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge_(1970_film)=Scrooge (1970 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(1913_film)=Atlantis (1913 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Ott's_Sneeze=Fred Ott's Sneeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_with_Orson_Welles=Around the World with Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis:_Milo's_Return=Atlantis: Milo's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guru_(2002_film)=The Guru (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_When_It_Sizzles=Paris When It Sizzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfie_(2004_film)=Alfie (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(2001_film)=Go (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Confess_(film)=I Confess (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Mike's_Mondo_Video=Mr. Mike's Mondo Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You_Need_Is_Cash=All You Need Is Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongwater_(film)=Bongwater (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_on_Wood_(film)=Knock on Wood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrington_V.C._(film)=Carrington V.C. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grudge=The Grudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_0:_Birthday=Ring 0: Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_City=Cat City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoko_wa_Tsurai_yo=Otoko wa Tsurai yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Pow!_Enter_the_Fist=Kung Pow! Enter the Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiot's_Delight_(film)=Idiot's Delight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Command_(1928_film)=The Last Command (1928 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnome-Mobile=The Gnome-Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_Me=The Prince and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Rock=Let's Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Knock_the_Rock=Don't Knock the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_Take_Manhattan=The Muppets Take Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigma_(1983_film)=Enigma (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Souls=Carnival of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild=The Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_N.=Monsieur N.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Rwanda=Hotel Rwanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enduring_Love_(film)=Enduring Love (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer's_Kiss=Killer's Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainstorm_(1983_film)=Brainstorm (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Antoinette_(1938_film)=Marie Antoinette (1938 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silsila_(film)=Silsila (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_(film)=Birth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo's_Last_Raid=Geronimo's Last Raid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_(film)=Kinsey (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micki_&_Maude=Micki & Maude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_2:_Their_First_Assignment=Police Academy 2: Their First Assignment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karate_Kid,_Part_II=The Karate Kid, Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempting_Heart=Tempting Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxo_Jr.=Luxo Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(1996_film)=Lone Star (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustin,_King_of_Kung-Fu=Augustin, King of Kung-Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contempt_(film)=Contempt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_Sky=October Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Heroes=The Blood of Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuva=Yuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_and_Julie_Go_Boating=Celine and Julie Go Boating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._SpaceGodzilla=Godzilla vs. SpaceGodzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedazzled_(2000_film)=Bedazzled (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulletproof_(1996_film)=Bulletproof (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackrock_(film)=Blackrock (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandramukhi=Chandramukhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Purandara_Dasaru=Sri Purandara Dasaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_Girl=Beat Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Amour_fou_(1969_film)=L'Amour fou (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Sale=G-Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Knows_(2004_film)=Nobody Knows (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grave_(film)=The Grave (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_is_Such_a_Woman=She is Such a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Baby=Spider Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Crocodile%22_Dundee_II="Crocodile" Dundee II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenthood_(film)=Parenthood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Butterfly=Purple Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_(film)=Timeline (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_Out_Fall_In=Fall Out Fall In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musketeers_of_Pig_Alley=The Musketeers of Pig Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean's_Holiday=Mr. Bean's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Run=Midnight Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coca-Cola_Kid=The Coca-Cola Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fright_Night=Fright Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagdad_(film)=Bagdad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_(1946_film)=Shock (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21-87=21-87
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_2=Taxi 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_3=Taxi 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Christmas_Vacation=National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Majestyk=Mr. Majestyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfaithful_(2002_film)=Unfaithful (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Wilder=Van Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Girl_Wants_(film)=What a Girl Wants (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightbreed=Nightbreed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Mr._Chips_(1939_film)=Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_Story=Japanese Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_Scared=I'm Not Scared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_Windows=Facing Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_and_Cigarettes=Coffee and Cigarettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Creek=Mean Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_in_the_Floor=The Door in the Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sound_of_Thunder_(film)=A Sound of Thunder (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_2=Final Destination 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_(film)=The Mother (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paparazzi_(2004_film)=Paparazzi (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_(2003_film)=Willard (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(2002_film)=Crossroads (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_the_Sun=Tears of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_One_Less=Not One Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Animator=Re-Animator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Days_(film)=Thirteen Days (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_of_Night=Dead of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade:_Trinity=Blade: Trinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevil_(film)=Daredevil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger:_The_Story_of_Joan_of_Arc=The Messenger: The Story of Joan of Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektra_(2005_film)=Elektra (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravaggio_(1986_film)=Caravaggio (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girls_and_Make_Them_Die=Kiss the Girls and Make Them Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Christmas_Carol=The Muppet Christmas Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_End_(2003_film)=Dead End (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Very_Merry_Muppet_Christmas_Movie=It's a Very Merry Muppet Christmas Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(1956_film)=Around the World in 80 Days (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Divers=Hell Divers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Realm_of_the_Senses=In the Realm of the Senses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfits_(film)=The Misfits (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Monster_(film)=Some Kind of Monster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primer_(film)=Primer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lagoon_(1980_film)=The Blue Lagoon (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Ghosts=13 Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Ghosts=Thirteen Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Meets_Nixon=Elvis Meets Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Garden_(1993_film)=The Secret Garden (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathwatch_(2002_film)=Deathwatch (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_and_Prejudice=Bride and Prejudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Cop_III=Beverly Hills Cop III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5x2=5x2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_(2004_film)=Alexander (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Stories_(film)=True Stories (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_and_Get_It_(film)=Come and Get It (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_(1983_film)=The Hunger (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_(film)=O (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Thunder=Blue Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clearing=The Clearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red-Headed_Woman=Red-Headed Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aviator_(2004_film)=The Aviator (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjour_Tristesse_(film)=Bonjour Tristesse (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry:_Portrait_of_a_Serial_Killer=Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_and_the_Three_Bears=Santa and the Three Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Berets_(film)=The Green Berets (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideways=Sideways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delgo_(film)=Delgo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submission_(2004_film)=Submission (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Eagles_Dare=Where Eagles Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_Myself_&_Irene=Me, Myself & Irene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_the_Dunes=The Woman in the Dunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Symphony_No._1=Industrial Symphony No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Killer=Office Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Jane_(film)=Calamity Jane (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilsa,_She_Wolf_of_the_SS=Ilsa, She Wolf of the SS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Freetown=Cry Freetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diner_(film)=Diner (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_(1998_film)=Fallen (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Human_(1994_film)=Being Human (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_of_the_Spirits=Juliet of the Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Beyond_the_Stars=Battle Beyond the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antitrust_(film)=Antitrust (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3:_The_Dale_Earnhardt_Story=3: The Dale Earnhardt Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(1996_film)=Earth (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe_(1960_film)=Universe (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Station_Agent=The Station Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones:_The_Edge_of_Reason_(film)=Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_to_Smoochy=Death to Smoochy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Tension=High Tension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill_(film)=King of the Hill (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_(2001_film)=Conspiracy (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up,_Doc%3F_(1972_film)=What's Up, Doc? (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambo_III=Rambo III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrityudata=Mrityudata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass:_The_Movie=Jackass: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_for_the_Sky=Reach for the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_(2004_film)=Closer (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-9_(film)=K-9 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taxing_Woman=A Taxing Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_of_Julia=Dreaming of Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Trip_(film)=Road Trip (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(film)=Identity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_Falls_(2003_film)=Darkness Falls (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girls_(film)=Kiss the Girls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Snaps_2:_Unleashed=Ginger Snaps 2: Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Jawed_Angels=Iron Jawed Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Shall_Not_Have_Them=The Sea Shall Not Have Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_Beach_Party=Psycho Beach Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men_(2006_film)=All the King's Men (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Lord=The War Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mifune's_Last_Song=Mifune's Last Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Is_Alive=The King Is Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Donkey-Boy=Julien Donkey-Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_in_Bold=Jim in Bold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Twice_Upon_a_Christmas=Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_Below=The Enemy Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Powerpuff_Girls_Movie=The Powerpuff Girls Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stigmata_(film)=Stigmata (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Narayama_(1958_film)=The Ballad of Narayama (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhvin_Ka_Chand=Chaudhvin Ka Chand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimic_(film)=Mimic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okinawa_Rendez-vous=Okinawa Rendez-vous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_Stage_(1992_film)=Centre Stage (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Tap_(film)=Double Tap (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Grand=Shanghai Grand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_to_Live=My Life to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Light_of_Reverence=In the Light of Reverence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Mr._Chips_(1969_film)=Goodbye, Mr. Chips (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Rocky_and_Bullwinkle=The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Dream=Czech Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sink_the_Bismarck!=Sink the Bismarck!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Academy=Voodoo Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_Patrol_(1930_film)=The Dawn Patrol (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_the_Bullet_(film)=Riding the Bullet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_All_Flesh_(film)=The Way of All Flesh (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_10_from_Navarone_(film)=Force 10 from Navarone (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_3-D=Jaws 3-D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_(film)=The Warriors (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrooge_(1951_film)=Scrooge (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(1992_film)=Hero (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummo=Gummo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line,_the_Cross_and_the_Curve=The Line, the Cross and the Curve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rejected=Rejected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sicko=Sicko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch_(2001_film)=Scratch (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Imagine=Just Imagine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enforcer_(1976_film)=The Enforcer (1976 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Impact=Sudden Impact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Pool=The Dead Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hunter_Black_Heart=White Hunter Black Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Knight=First Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Teenage_Werewolf=I Was a Teenage Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Glass_(film)=Heart of Glass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_as_a_House=Life as a House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_Is_Deceitful_Above_All_Things=The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Ruth=Citizen Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Brother=Undercover Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagemusha=Kagemusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Never_Was=The Man Who Never Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor_of_Panama_(film)=The Tailor of Panama (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladies_Man=The Ladies Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Lover=The War Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodes'ka-den=Dodes'ka-den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beguiled=The Beguiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Bear_(1980_film)=Teddy Bear (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shining_(film)=The Shining (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Yard_(1974_film)=The Longest Yard (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_East_L.A._(film)=Born in East L.A. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_60_(film)=Interstate 60 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corvette_K-225=Corvette K-225
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecstasy_(film)=Ecstasy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Seabees=The Fighting Seabees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bounce_(2004_film)=The Big Bounce (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_2=Ring 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Shadows:_Blair_Witch_2=Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Score=The Perfect Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Live_by_Night=They Live by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermission_(film)=Intermission (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presumed_Innocent_(film)=Presumed Innocent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaat=Zaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagining_Argentina_(film)=Imagining Argentina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Seek_(2005_film)=Hide and Seek (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Seconds_Over_Tokyo=Thirty Seconds Over Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Pacific=Operation Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_R.N.=Albert R.N.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_(1998_film)=Godzilla (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilde_(film)=Wilde (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ninja=American Ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wooden_Horse=The Wooden Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Cowboy=Urban Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cockleshell_Heroes=The Cockleshell Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robotech:_The_Shadow_Chronicles=Robotech: The Shadow Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CKY_(video_series)=CKY (video series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Man_Out=Odd Man Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Kill_Your_Neighbor's_Dog=How to Kill Your Neighbor's Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Order_(2001_film)=The Order (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_of_the_Tide=Turn of the Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Little_(2005_film)=Chicken Little (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_in_the_Pacific=Hell in the Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hill_in_Korea=A Hill in Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino_(film)=Domino (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywatch:_Hawaiian_Wedding=Baywatch: Hawaiian Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Red=Beach Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Love_Song_for_Bobby_Long=A Love Song for Bobby Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype!=Hype!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_(film)=2010 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titicut_Follies=Titicut Follies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Wash_(film)=Car Wash (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_and_Double_Check=Check and Double Check
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder,_My_Sweet=Murder, My Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_and_the_Short_and_the_Tall_(film)=The Long and the Short and the Tall (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/633_Squadron=633 Squadron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(film)=Rules of Engagement (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Max=The Blue Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aces_High_(film)=Aces High (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Embrace=Lost Embrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_and_Howard=Melvin and Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Eyes_(1934_film)=Bright Eyes (1934 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Rat_(film)=King Rat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin-Roh:_The_Wolf_Brigade=Jin-Roh: The Wolf Brigade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policewomen_(film)=Policewomen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sallah_Shabati=Sallah Shabati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Lover=The Phantom Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_Your_Voice=Raise Your Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Wrecked=Love Wrecked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_David_(film)=King David (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1953_film)=Titanic (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Bud=Air Bud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puss_in_Boots_(1999_film)=Puss in Boots (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chorus_(2004_film)=The Chorus (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat_(1997_film)=That Darn Cat (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Darn_Cat!=That Darn Cat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opposite_of_Sex=The Opposite of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaway_(film)=Castaway (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Claudia=I, Claudia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Long_Engagement=A Very Long Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Hearts_Club:_A_Romantic_Comedy=The Broken Hearts Club: A Romantic Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_Akbar_Anthony=Amar Akbar Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stratton_Story=The Stratton Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Voltage_(1929_film)=High Voltage (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Jay=Jay Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testaments_of_One_Fold_and_One_Shepherd=The Testaments of One Fold and One Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_Me_(film)=Look at Me (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Like_You_(film)=Someone Like You (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Spanky=General Spanky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bus=The Big Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colditz_Story=The Colditz Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Rascals_(film)=The Little Rascals (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_(film)=Constantine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Guest=The Winter Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bee_(film)=Queen Bee (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pootie_Tang=Pootie Tang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Take_(2004_film)=The Take (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Troopers=Super Troopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geri's_Game=Geri's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_a_Loaf_of_Kung_Fu=Half a Loaf of Kung Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumshoe_(film)=Gumshoe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeward_Bound:_The_Incredible_Journey=Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_at_Bernie's_II=Weekend at Bernie's II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story_3=Toy Story 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billboard_Dad=Billboard Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_musique=Notre musique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Orpheus=Black Orpheus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cocoanuts=The Cocoanuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_That_Got_Away_(film)=The One That Got Away (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Fields_(film)=The Killing Fields (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_in_the_Sky=Cabin in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Human_Remains=Love and Human Remains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atanarjuat:_The_Fast_Runner=Atanarjuat: The Fast Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Gate_(film)=Devil's Gate (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_2000=Dracula 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Ryan's_Express=Von Ryan's Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment!_III=That's Entertainment! III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Dancing!=That's Dancing!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment!=That's Entertainment!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Dr._Kildare=Young Dr. Kildare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_(1994_film)=Junior (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_(1975_film)=Tommy (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_(1982_film)=Vincent (1982 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Surprise=Shanghai Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkirk_(film)=Dunkirk (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curdled_(film)=Curdled (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_6=Girl 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend's_Birthday=My Best Friend's Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Was_Then..._This_Is_Now=That Was Then... This Is Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_(film)=Nowhere (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(1976_film)=Face to Face (1976 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station_(film)=Central Station (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_True_Thing=One True Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veer-Zaara=Veer-Zaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Heaven=Far from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Died_at_Dawn=The General Died at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topper_(film)=Topper (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Destruction=Introduction to Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affairs_of_Annabel=The Affairs of Annabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_the_Child=Bless the Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1946_film)=Beauty and the Beast (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller_Get_Killed=Penn & Teller Get Killed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Retreat,_No_Surrender=No Retreat, No Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_City_(2004_film)=Silver City (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Heels_(film)=High Heels (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Murder_Mystery=Manhattan Murder Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemony_Snicket's_A_Series_of_Unfortunate_Events=Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Well,_Ends_Well_Too=All's Well, Ends Well Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Business_(1931_film)=Monkey Business (1931 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundin'=Boundin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_into_Danger=Flight into Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York,_New_York_(film)=New York, New York (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_of_the_Game_(film)=For Love of the Game (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patch_Adams_(film)=Patch Adams (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_X_(1987_film)=Project X (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harvey_Girls=The Harvey Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_&_Spice=Sugar & Spice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzumaki_(film)=Uzumaki (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(1988_film)=Twins (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_Casablanca=A Night in Casablanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_110th_Street=Across 110th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_at_Bernie's=Weekend at Bernie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Even_with_Dad=Getting Even with Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_(1993_film)=Gettysburg (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanya_on_42nd_Street=Vanya on 42nd Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumberer:_When_Harry_Met_Lloyd=Dumb and Dumberer: When Harry Met Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(1964_film)=Empire (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Fire=Hearts of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackmail_(1929_film)=Blackmail (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Sweetback's_Baadasssss_Song=Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baadasssss!=Baadasssss!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Lieutenant=Bad Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_the_Pink_Panther=Trail of the Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Irritate_People=How to Irritate People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_the_Kranks=Christmas with the Kranks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matewan=Matewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Living_(1937_film)=Easy Living (1937 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time=The Land Before Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Seesaw=Two for the Seesaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_All_Right_Jack=I'm All Right Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones_Rock_and_Roll_Circus=The Rolling Stones Rock and Roll Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_the_Sea_in_Ships_(1922_film)=Down to the Sea in Ships (1922 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigma_(2001_film)=Enigma (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Brockovich_(film)=Erin Brockovich (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu-Gi-Oh!_The_Movie:_Pyramid_of_Light=Yu-Gi-Oh! The Movie: Pyramid of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobruk_(1967_film)=Tobruk (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Riddance_(film)=Good Riddance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Minutes_of_Love=Twenty Minutes of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mockingbird_Don't_Sing=Mockingbird Don't Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creep_(2004_film)=Creep (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reap_the_Wild_Wind=Reap the Wild Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owning_Mahowny=Owning Mahowny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingle_All_the_Way=Jingle All the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumb_Wars=Thumb Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heimat_(film_series)=Heimat (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Pat=It's Pat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_&_Mr._Freeze:_SubZero=Batman & Mr. Freeze: SubZero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Shelley's_Frankenstein_(film)=Mary Shelley's Frankenstein (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Innocent_(film)=Born Innocent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Part_6=Leonard Part 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Happy=Love Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Range=Open Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_High=Volcano High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray's_Anatomy_(film)=Gray's Anatomy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_in_the_Water=Knife in the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Klowns_from_Outer_Space=Killer Klowns from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Paradiso=Cinema Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Boycott_(film)=Captain Boycott (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_2_Jungle=Jungle 2 Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_(film)=Leo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_on_the_Verge_of_a_Nervous_Breakdown=Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneakers_(1992_film)=Sneakers (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla,_Mothra_and_King_Ghidorah:_Giant_Monsters_All-Out_Attack=Godzilla, Mothra and King Ghidorah: Giant Monsters All-Out Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_Against_Mechagodzilla=Godzilla Against Mechagodzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Hollywood=Jimmy Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacas=Vacas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefon_(film)=Telefon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Kingdom_of_the_Crystal_Skull=Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cursed_(2005_film)=Cursed (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venger=Venger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivers_(film)=Shivers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Living_Dead_(1990_film)=Night of the Living Dead (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_(film)=Thursday (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hebrew_Hammer=The Hebrew Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_(film)=Europa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenagers_from_Outer_Space=Teenagers from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_Straight!=Scared Straight!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candyman_(film)=Candyman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Perfect_(2004_film)=Nobody's Perfect (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elementary_School=The Elementary School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onegin_(film)=Onegin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_(1940_film)=Rebecca (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Bodies=Student Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_Meets_Wendy=Casper Meets Wendy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ref=The Ref
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Orange_(film)=Agent Orange (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Bali=Road to Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Kings_(1927_film)=The King of Kings (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossessione=Ossessione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(1968_film)=Candy (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Squirrel=The Red Squirrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brassed_Off=Brassed Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostage_(film)=Hostage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagemaster=The Pagemaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nest_(2002_film)=The Nest (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_of_the_Deep=Aliens of the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesis=Tesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Machine_(film)=Mean Machine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Inside=The Sea Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wedding=A Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Others_(2001_film)=The Others (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aparajito=Aparajito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_of_Space=Conquest of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Is_East_(film)=East Is East (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Auberge_Espagnole=L'Auberge Espagnole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwaidan_(film)=Kwaidan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter_(1994_film)=Street Fighter (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_81=Downtown 81
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke_&_Wills=Burke & Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_of_the_Arctic_Circle=Lovers of the Arctic Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheaters_(1945_film)=The Cheaters (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front=The Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_the_Opera_(1943_film)=Phantom of the Opera (1943 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_in_the_Dust=Lust in the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyester_(film)=Polyester (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Christmas=Surviving Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_in_Black=The Spy in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contraband_(1940_film)=Contraband (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/49th_Parallel_(film)=49th Parallel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Volunteer=The Volunteer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Our_Aircraft_Is_Missing=One of Our Aircraft Is Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_River=The End of the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Back_Room=The Small Back Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_to_Earth_(film)=Gone to Earth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elusive_Pimpernel=The Elusive Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tales_of_Hoffmann_(film)=The Tales of Hoffmann (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh..._Rosalinda!!=Oh... Rosalinda!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_Met_by_Moonlight_(film)=Ill Met by Moonlight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six-String_Samurai=Six-String Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanglish_(film)=Spanglish (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Aur_Ek_Gyarah=Ek Aur Ek Gyarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_Smoke=Up in Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterns_(film)=Patterns (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheech_&_Chong's_Next_Movie=Cheech & Chong's Next Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Hunter_D:_Bloodlust=Vampire Hunter D: Bloodlust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Local_Stigmatic=The Local Stigmatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_the_Damned=Voyage of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi!_Warning=Oi! Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Service_(1938_film)=Room Service (1938 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Store=The Big Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_(film)=Anatomy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrender_of_General_Toral=Surrender of General Toral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_and_the_Chocolate_Factory_(film)=Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_No_Evil_(2006_film)=See No Evil (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marine=The Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_World_(2005_film)=The New World (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Noon=Purple Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiled:_A_Law_&_Order_Movie=Exiled: A Law & Order Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Father's_Den_(film)=In My Father's Den (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free,_White_and_21=Free, White and 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredibly_True_Adventure_of_Two_Girls_in_Love=The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotti_(1996_film)=Gotti (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Angels_(film)=Hell's Angels (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks_II=Clerks II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F/X=F/X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_Camelot=Quest for Camelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_(film)=The Men (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballistic:_Ecks_vs._Sever=Ballistic: Ecks vs. Sever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Queen_(2001_film)=Jungle Queen (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Baby=Million Dollar Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeaters=Repeaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millions=Millions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Replacement_Killers=The Replacement Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untold_Scandal=Untold Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Has_Secrets=Everybody Has Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamscape_(1984_film)=Dreamscape (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_oncle_Antoine=Mon oncle Antoine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Summer_Story=My Summer Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(2004_film)=Vanity Fair (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booty_Call=Booty Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_West_(film)=Into the West (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla:_Tokyo_S.O.S.=Godzilla: Tokyo S.O.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa's_Slay=Santa's Slay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(1986_film)=Crossroads (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Drake=Vera Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol_(1938_film)=A Christmas Carol (1938 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Skies_(film)=Blue Skies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiles_of_a_Summer_Night=Smiles of a Summer Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maqbool=Maqbool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_(1951_film)=M (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PpilKu=PpilKu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trekkies_2=Trekkies 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Last_Sword_Is_Drawn=When the Last Sword Is Drawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock_Holmes=Young Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.H.U.D.=C.H.U.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptown_Girls=Uptown Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_Brezhnev=Letter to Brezhnev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_II_(film)=Edward II (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamango=Tamango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_in_the_Sun_(film)=Island in the Sun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchfinder_General_(film)=Witchfinder General (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Town_(film)=London Town (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere_(1998_film)=Sphere (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Beauty=Stage Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mack=The Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekicks_(1992_film)=Sidekicks (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repossessed_(film)=Repossessed (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don's_Plum=Don's Plum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Ready_to_Be_Boyzvoiced=Get Ready to Be Boyzvoiced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_of_Heaven=Gates of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Circuit_2=Short Circuit 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Odyssey_2002=Chinese Odyssey 2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legong_(film)=Legong (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Royale_II:_Requiem=Battle Royale II: Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Deal_(1986_film)=Raw Deal (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father_the_Hero_(1991_film)=My Father the Hero (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(2000_film)=The Gift (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Gift=It's a Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Is_Right=Wrong Is Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5,000_Fingers_of_Dr._T=The 5,000 Fingers of Dr. T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_The_Return_of_Cooler=Dragon Ball Z: The Return of Cooler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CB4=CB4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Girl_(film)=American Girl (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Tide_(film)=Crimson Tide (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Out=Blow Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Zone:_The_Movie=Twilight Zone: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla:_Final_Wars=Godzilla: Final Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(1996_film)=Shall We Dance? (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_and_Misdemeanors=Crimes and Misdemeanors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_(2001_film)=Made (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackal_(1997_film)=The Jackal (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battery_(2007_film)=The Battery (2007 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gremlins_2:_The_New_Batch=Gremlins 2: The New Batch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_(TV_miniseries)=Merlin (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Ne_Jise_Apna_Kahaa=Dil Ne Jise Apna Kahaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujhse_Dosti_Karoge!=Mujhse Dosti Karoge!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_&_Dagger_(1984_film)=Cloak & Dagger (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Maange_More=Dil Maange More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chori_Chori_Chupke_Chupke=Chori Chori Chupke Chupke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Days=Wonderful Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Jai_Jagadish=Om Jai Jagadish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiza=Fiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Naa_Kaho=Kuch Naa Kaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Living=Desperate Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiple_Maniacs=Multiple Maniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Trouble=Female Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_of_Fear=Cradle of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_Scholar=Flirting Scholar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Your_Makeup=Eat Your Makeup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Candles_(film)=Roman Candles (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1941_(film)=1941 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bananas_(film)=Bananas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Trasho=Mondo Trasho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Caligari_(film)=Dr. Caligari (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastlines=Coastlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_2=RoboCop 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Aphrodite=Mighty Aphrodite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintin_and_the_Temple_of_the_Sun=Tintin and the Temple of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_(film)=Thief (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dirty_Shame=A Dirty Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diane_Linkletter_Story=The Diane Linkletter Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pluto_Nash=The Adventures of Pluto Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Noise_(film)=White Noise (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_and_the_Bandit_II=Smokey and the Bandit II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Man=Hollow Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosters=Roosters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_(1994_film)=Brave (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare_Wallah=Shakespeare Wallah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Game=The Family Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minbo=Minbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Dreams_(film)=Electric Dreams (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_(1960_film)=Exodus (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Impossible_to_Learn_to_Plow_by_Reading_Books=It's Impossible to Learn to Plow by Reading Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Women=True Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_Re-Animator=Bride of Re-Animator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Re-Animator=Beyond Re-Animator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_City_(film)=Sin City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursued=Pursued
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(1959_film)=Warlock (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backlash_(1956_film)=Backlash (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandingo_(film)=Mandingo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Kings=Suicide Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_of_Mothra_III=Rebirth of Mothra III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebirth_of_Mothra=Rebirth of Mothra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdy_(film)=Birdy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Lake_Is_Missing=Bunny Lake Is Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visitors_(2003_film)=Visitors (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popeye_(1980_film)=Popeye (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Days_(film)=Strange Days (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squeeze_(1977_film)=The Squeeze (1977 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swades=Swades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolemite=Dolemite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bronx_Morning=A Bronx Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_(1996_film)=Flipper (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Day_(film)=The Longest Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alamo_(2004_film)=The Alamo (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alamo_(1960_film)=The Alamo (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_46=Code 46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_(1961_film)=Fanny (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hur_(1907_film)=Ben Hur (1907 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben-Hur_(1925_film)=Ben-Hur (1925 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hur_(2003_film)=Ben Hur (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben-Hur_(1959_film)=Ben-Hur (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_in_the_Clouds=Head in the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Move=Don't Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(1926_film)=Faust (1926 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_Smith=Nevada Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flubber_(film)=Flubber (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fastest_Guitar_Alive=The Fastest Guitar Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matrix_Revisited=The Matrix Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Heights=Liberty Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Plains_Drifter=High Plains Drifter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algiers_(film)=Algiers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_III_(1955_film)=Richard III (1955 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Innocents=The Savage Innocents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othello_(1965_film)=Othello (1965 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heist_(film)=Heist (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dorado_(1966_film)=El Dorado (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kremlin_Letter=The Kremlin Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Ceremony=Secret Ceremony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_(1999_film)=The Kid (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_(1921_film)=The Kid (1921 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_The_Kid=Disney's The Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Card_Stud=5 Card Stud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Master_(film)=Puppet Master (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadlier_Than_the_Male=Deadlier Than the Male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls_Do=Some Girls Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(1932_film)=Emma (1932 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Rebel_Breed=This Rebel Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(1948_film)=Joan of Arc (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protector_(1985_film)=The Protector (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Librarian:_Quest_for_the_Spear=The Librarian: Quest for the Spear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Departed=The Departed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Tontons_flingueurs=Les Tontons flingueurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cardinal=The Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Wave=Killer Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Back_to_School=Fight Back to School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Riddick:_Dark_Fury=The Chronicles of Riddick: Dark Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_at_Home_(film)=The War at Home (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Guitar=Johnny Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fearless_Vampire_Killers=The Fearless Vampire Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Strikes_Back=The Saint Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testament_of_Dr._Mabuse=The Testament of Dr. Mabuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_the_City=Prince of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Kings_(1961_film)=King of Kings (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory's_Girl=Gregory's Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaldo_and_Clara=Renaldo and Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalte_Chalte_(2003_film)=Chalte Chalte (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMX_Bandits_(film)=BMX Bandits (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Ship_(2002_film)=Ghost Ship (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pledge_(film)=The Pledge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Lanes=Changing Lanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Compass_(film)=The Golden Compass (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_liaisons_dangereuses_(film)=Les liaisons dangereuses (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeboy_(film)=Homeboy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(1954_film)=Sabrina (1954 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_(1995_film)=Sabrina (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houseguest=Houseguest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affair_of_the_Necklace=The Affair of the Necklace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Field_(film)=Love Field (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapeheads=Tapeheads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igby_Goes_Down=Igby Goes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Holiday_(1963_film)=Summer Holiday (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(1976_film)=Obsession (1976 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Doom=The Sword of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Point_(1971_film)=Vanishing Point (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_and_the_Lion=The Wind and the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_(franchise)=Back to the Future (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travellers_and_Magicians=Travellers and Magicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smallest_Show_on_Earth=The Smallest Show on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Couple_(film)=Odd Couple (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_Girls=Material Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Pimpernel%22_Smith="Pimpernel" Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rad_(film)=Rad (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune_Cookie=The Fortune Cookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barefoot_Contessa=The Barefoot Contessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Eager=Johnny Eager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Westerner_(film)=The Westerner (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_(film)=Kentucky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurricane_(1937_film)=The Hurricane (1937 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_King=If I Were King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Knew_What_They_Wanted_(film)=They Knew What They Wanted (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Miss_Jones=The Devil and Miss Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortilla_Flat_(film)=Tortilla Flat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(1943_film)=Sahara (1943 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Dangerous_Ground=On Dangerous Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8mm_(film)=8mm (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_London=The Saint in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luck_of_the_Irish_(1948_film)=The Luck of the Irish (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Pink_Horse=Ride the Pink Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_880=Mister 880
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fill_the_Cup=Come Fill the Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cousin_Rachel_(film)=My Cousin Rachel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_(1955_film)=Trial (1955 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_on_the_Wind=Written on the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Pet_(1958_film)=Teacher's Pet (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Karamazov_(1958_film)=The Brothers Karamazov (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Philadelphians=The Young Philadelphians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder,_Inc._(film)=Murder, Inc. (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocketful_of_Miracles=Pocketful of Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Newman,_M.D.=Captain Newman, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_Honor=Twilight of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_(1964_film)=The Best Man (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_&_Carol_&_Ted_&_Alice=Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_and_Other_Strangers=Lovers and Other Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_and_Lightfoot=Thunderbolt and Lightfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueprint_(film)=Blueprint (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needing_You...=Needing You...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comes_a_Horseman=Comes a Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greystoke:_The_Legend_of_Tarzan,_Lord_of_the_Apes=Greystoke: The Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Creek_(film)=Cross Creek (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_Route_(film)=En Route (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagged_Edge_(film)=Jagged Edge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dorrit_(film)=Little Dorrit (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_on_Empty_(1988_film)=Running on Empty (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_the_Mob=Married to the Mob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dry_White_Season=A Dry White Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker:_The_Man_and_His_Dream=Tucker: The Man and His Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longtime_Companion=Longtime Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_Mississippi=Ghosts of Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Saturday_Night=Mr. Saturday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Civil_Action_(film)=A Civil Action (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog_of_War=The Fog of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freejack=Freejack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roller_Boogie=Roller Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juarez_(film)=Juarez (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxina=Galaxina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recruiter_(2004_film)=The Recruiter (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_Illusions=Lord of Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepfather_(1987_film)=The Stepfather (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cul-de-sac_(1966_film)=Cul-de-sac (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celsius_41.11=Celsius 41.11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint's_Return=The Saint's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Midnight_Express=Chinese Midnight Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Julia=Being Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Hound=The Fox and the Hound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_(1961_film)=The Rebel (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Eye_on_X=An Eye on X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantic_Englishwoman=The Romantic Englishwoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_(2004_film)=Immortal (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_to_Brighton=London to Brighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_(2002_film)=Darkness (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Brassiere=La Brassiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheetah_Girls_(film)=The Cheetah Girls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Dancing:_Havana_Nights=Dirty Dancing: Havana Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_(film)=My Family (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_High=How High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_the_Dragon=Kiss of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Troubled_Times=Children of Troubled Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Silverman=Saving Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Crimes=High Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_(1994_film)=To Live (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levity_(film)=Levity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Divide_(film)=Continental Divide (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raid_(1954_film)=The Raid (1954 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw=The Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romper_Stomper=Romper Stomper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billion_Dollar_Brain=Billion Dollar Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_Cold_(2001_film)=Out Cold (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Movie=Tom and Jerry: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_Stripes=Racing Stripes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach_Carter=Coach Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silmido_(film)=Silmido (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Decent_Criminal=Ordinary Decent Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(1995_film)=Georgia (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Blue_Heaven_(1990_film)=My Blue Heaven (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/View_from_the_Top=View from the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Trip_(film)=Boat Trip (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Midnight=Permanent Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendell_Baker_Story=The Wendell Baker Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Turn=Wrong Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Deal=How to Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pure_Hell_of_St_Trinian's=The Pure Hell of St Trinian's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_St_Trinian's_Train_Robbery=The Great St Trinian's Train Robbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Murder_at_St_Trinian's=Blue Murder at St Trinian's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belles_of_St_Trinian's=The Belles of St Trinian's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private's_Progress=Private's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to_Harold_Smith%3F=Whatever Happened to Harold Smith?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Jungle=The Naked Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedomland_(film)=Freedomland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeepers_Creepers_2=Jeepers Creepers 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inauguration_of_the_Pleasure_Dome=Inauguration of the Pleasure Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Crashers=Wedding Crashers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minus_Man=The Minus Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuf_mois=Neuf mois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Ninjas=Surf Ninjas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Dog=White Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_a_Rich_Man_(film)=If I Were a Rich Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon_and_the_Snowman=The Falcon and the Snowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Creek_Manor=Cold Creek Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Tuscan_Sun_(film)=Under the Tuscan Sun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dude,_Where's_My_Car%3F=Dude, Where's My Car?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing=The Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Since_Otar_Left=Since Otar Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Moves=Inside Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyla=Koyla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wannabe_(film)=Wannabe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Vision_(2002_film)=Double Vision (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Other_People=Seeing Other People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Chahta_Hai=Dil Chahta Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Grimm_(film)=The Brothers Grimm (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loopy_De_Loop=Loopy De Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guest_House_Paradiso=Guest House Paradiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Girls=100 Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_(film)=Basic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_Kelly_(2003_film)=Ned Kelly (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Town_(1940_film)=Our Town (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guy_Thing=A Guy Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blue_(film)=Dark Blue (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockstoppers=Clockstoppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_in_Africa=Shaft in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loafing_and_Camouflage=Loafing and Camouflage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Tin=Pushing Tin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rog=Rog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jezebel_(film)=Jezebel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Lie=The Great Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Largo_(film)=Key Largo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_V.I.P.s=The V.I.P.s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterflies_Are_Free=Butterflies Are Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planes,_Trains_and_Automobiles=Planes, Trains and Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spawn_(film)=Spawn (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadkill_(1989_film)=Roadkill (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Story_(film)=Crime Story (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_Precinct_13_(2005_film)=Assault on Precinct 13 (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra's_Project=Alexandra's Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assault_on_Precinct_13_(1976_film)=Assault on Precinct 13 (1976 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_There_Yet%3F_(film)=Are We There Yet? (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_(2002_film)=Max (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groove_(film)=Groove (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghe_Dhaka_Tara=Meghe Dhaka Tara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osama_(film)=Osama (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_Effect=The Twins Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Ties=School Ties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keep_(film)=The Keep (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Out,_Sister=Swing Out, Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruel_Sea_(1953_film)=The Cruel Sea (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy_Delirious=Eddie Murphy Delirious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Mask=Son of the Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Mars=Mission to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akele_Hum_Akele_Tum=Akele Hum Akele Tum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Life_in_the_Universe=Last Life in the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Babylon=Berlin Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_R.M.=The R.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rules_of_Attraction_(film)=The Rules of Attraction (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Two_Years=The Best Two Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singles_Ward=The Singles Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Now=Don't Look Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Pitch_(1985_film)=Fever Pitch (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seafarers=The Seafarers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seducing_Doctor_Lewis=Seducing Doctor Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvie_Krumpet=Harvie Krumpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schultze_Gets_the_Blues=Schultze Gets the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Over:_Kasparov_and_the_Machine=Game Over: Kasparov and the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(1999_film)=Endgame (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Moves=Dangerous Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastard_out_of_Carolina_(film)=Bastard out of Carolina (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Friday=Next Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowfinger=Bowfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Fiction=Samurai Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_The_Tree_of_Might=Dragon Ball Z: The Tree of Might
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Moon_(film)=Waiting for the Moon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Rublev_(film)=Andrei Rublev (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Martin_Guerre=The Return of Martin Guerre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Spring=The Virgin Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navigator:_A_Medieval_Odyssey=The Navigator: A Medieval Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_and_Fog=Shadows and Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Long_Last_Love=At Long Last Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slap_Shot_(film)=Slap Shot (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_All_Laughed=They All Laughed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head-On_(film)=Head-On (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Dwarfs_Started_Small=Even Dwarfs Started Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamerica=Lamerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Albert_(film)=Fat Albert (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaho_Naa..._Pyaar_Hai=Kaho Naa... Pyaar Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroszek=Stroszek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zozo=Zozo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Duel=The Quiet Duel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Suburbia=The End of Suburbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Yu's_Train=Zhou Yu's Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wattstax=Wattstax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_New_Pussycat%3F=What's New Pussycat?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Shots!_Part_Deux=Hot Shots! Part Deux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Mr._Limpet=The Incredible Mr. Limpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_and_the_Glory_(1933_film)=The Power and the Glory (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_(2001_film)=The Brothers (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_from_Grace_(film)=Falling from Grace (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Copied=The Man Who Copied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Guerin_(film)=Veronica Guerin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Me_Outside=Dance Me Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_America=Lost in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Joker=Lady Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Horses=Fresh Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Harry_Kellerman_and_Why_Is_He_Saying_Those_Terrible_Things_About_Me%3F=Who Is Harry Kellerman and Why Is He Saying Those Terrible Things About Me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guatemalan_Handshake=The Guatemalan Handshake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Polka=The Last Polka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft's_Big_Score=Shaft's Big Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons_Movie=The Simpsons Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierrot_le_Fou=Pierrot le Fou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_Man=Cinderella Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Close=So Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Stage_(2000_film)=Center Stage (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha,_Meet_Frank,_Daniel_and_Laurence=Martha, Meet Frank, Daniel and Laurence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Common_Thread=A Common Thread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartaches_(film)=Heartaches (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Time=Straight Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans_(1992_film)=The Last of the Mohicans (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Runnings=Cool Runnings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kes_(film)=Kes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Good_Friday=The Long Good Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_(film)=Performance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beautiful_Laundrette=My Beautiful Laundrette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Metal_Parking_Lot=Heavy Metal Parking Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deranged_(1974_film)=Deranged (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_Were_Started=Fires Were Started
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Joe=My Name Is Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Voices,_Still_Lives=Distant Voices, Still Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Faces_(film)=Small Faces (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On..._Up_the_Khyber=Carry On... Up the Khyber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Sweet_(film)=Life Is Sweet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genevieve_(film)=Genevieve (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpse_Bride=Corpse Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_It_Is_in_Heaven=As It Is in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_(film)=Ryan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Boy_(film)=Birthday Boy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiot_(1951_film)=The Idiot (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committed_(2000_film)=Committed (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday_(2004_film)=Yesterday (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_Kelly=Reckless Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delinquents_(1989_film)=The Delinquents (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_McCoy_(film)=The Real McCoy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Blues=Oxford Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_McCloud=Brewster McCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjali_(film)=Anjali (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaforce=Megaforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Double=Body Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uprising_(2001_film)=Uprising (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Floor=The Thirteenth Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin's_Shop_of_Mystical_Wonders=Merlin's Shop of Mystical Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruise_(1998_film)=The Cruise (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug's_1st_Movie=Doug's 1st Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Kids_(film)=Swing Kids (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Gardens=Grey Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Absent-Minded_Professor=The Absent-Minded Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Art=High Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Meetings=Love Meetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Anna=Dawn Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_History_of_Time_(film)=A Brief History of Time (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog=The Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professionals_(1966_film)=The Professionals (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappin'=Rappin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Only_(film)=If Only (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salton_Sea=The Salton Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mambo_Kings=The Mambo Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Oncle=Mon Oncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_(2009_film)=Cuckoo (2009 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_(1998_film)=More (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi-Facial=Multi-Facial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank_Remembered=Anne Frank Remembered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajnigandha=Rajnigandha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Pitch_(2005_film)=Fever Pitch (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robotix=Robotix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_Little_Toaster_(film)=The Brave Little Toaster (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Bouffe=La Grande Bouffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Blank_(1967_film)=Point Blank (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chinese_Odyssey=A Chinese Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coup_de_Torchon=Coup de Torchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry-Baby=Cry-Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Lasts_Forever_(film)=Nothing Lasts Forever (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal_(2003_film)=Normal (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memron=Memron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Rio=Road to Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Season=The Final Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tail:_Fievel_Goes_West=An American Tail: Fievel Goes West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Hoon_Na=Main Hoon Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Muppet_Caper=The Great Muppet Caper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppet_Treasure_Island=Muppet Treasure Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppets_from_Space=Muppets from Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finest_Hour=The Finest Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goldwyn_Follies=The Goldwyn Follies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_Pyar_Kiya=Maine Pyar Kiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clan_of_the_Cave_Bear_(film)=The Clan of the Cave Bear (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemonade_Joe=Lemonade Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sun_of_the_Desert=White Sun of the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Osterman_Weekend_(film)=The Osterman Weekend (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_at_the_Beach=A Day at the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Running_Jumping_&_Standing_Still_Film=The Running Jumping & Standing Still Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Carol_for_Another_Christmas=A Carol for Another Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiendish_Plot_of_Dr._Fu_Manchu=The Fiendish Plot of Dr. Fu Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Castle=The Last Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_with_Brooms=Men with Brooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Deep_Throat=Inside Deep Throat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serving_Sara=Serving Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Without_Thieves=A World Without Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/52_Pick-Up=52 Pick-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_of_the_Wolf=Scream of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogeyman_(film)=Boogeyman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Date=The Wedding Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_Signals_(film)=Smoke Signals (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gulf_Between_(1917_film)=The Gulf Between (1917 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_House_(2005_crime_comedy_film)=Man of the House (2005 crime comedy film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meatballs_(film)=Meatballs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLintock!=McLintock!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Spree=Crime Spree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Apu=The World of Apu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Making_Sense=Stop Making Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodyguard_(1979_film)=The Bodyguard (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Out_in_Beverly_Hills=Down and Out in Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_of_Fire=Miles of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage_(film)=Northwest Passage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld:_Evolution=Underworld: Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serendipity_(film)=Serendipity (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boy_Bubby=Bad Boy Bubby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtles_Can_Fly=Turtles Can Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floris_(film)=Floris (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Bridge_(film)=Marion Bridge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_&_Garnet=Flower & Garnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Mary,_Crazy_Larry=Dirty Mary, Crazy Larry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oil,_the_Baby_and_the_Transylvanians=The Oil, the Baby and the Transylvanians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Minds=Dangerous Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bait_(1973_film)=The Bait (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Jennie=Portrait of Jennie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_and_Fancy_Free=Fun and Fancy Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_Act=Class Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_2=House Party 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_3=House Party 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dinner_with_Andre=My Dinner with Andre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_3=Saturn 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inchon_(film)=Inchon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorgeous_Hussy=The Gorgeous Hussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Hearts=Of Human Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Three=These Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrily_We_Live=Merrily We Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Waltz_(film)=The Great Waltz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freebie_and_the_Bean=Freebie and the Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Proudly_We_Hail!=So Proudly We Hail!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Seed_(film)=Dragon Seed (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Trunk=Saratoga Trunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiral_Staircase_(1946_film)=The Spiral Staircase (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Cry_(film)=Battle Cry (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunfight_at_the_O.K._Corral_(film)=Gunfight at the O.K. Corral (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Lisa=David and Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_(1964_film)=The Train (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Melody_of_1940=Broadway Melody of 1940
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(2004_film)=Perfect Strangers (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(2003_film)=Perfect Strangers (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(1950_film)=Perfect Strangers (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_(film)=The Mask (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(film)=Richie Rich (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Reaction_(film)=Chain Reaction (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulogy_(film)=Eulogy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balto_(film)=Balto (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolita_(1962_film)=Lolita (1962 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killdozer!_(film)=Killdozer! (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asterix_Versus_Caesar=Asterix Versus Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_for_Fake=F for Fake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marrying_Kind=The Marrying Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby's_Day_Out=Baby's Day Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timecop=Timecop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarnation_(film)=Tarnation (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Nice,_Very_Nice=Very Nice, Very Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Planet_(film)=Red Planet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucible_(1996_film)=The Crucible (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_World=The Heart of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Many_Adventures_of_Winnie_the_Pooh=The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_of_Wolves=The Company of Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lean_on_Me_(film)=Lean on Me (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Life_(film)=Boys Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Life_3=Boys Life 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Life_2=Boys Life 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Life_4:_Four_Play=Boys Life 4: Four Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanya_(film)=Tanya (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southland_Tales=Southland Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Florida_Enchantment=A Florida Enchantment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_You_Always_Wanted_to_Know_About_Sex*_(*But_Were_Afraid_to_Ask)=Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex* (*But Were Afraid to Ask)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooh's_Heffalump_Movie=Pooh's Heffalump Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Feet=Happy Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Baba_Goes_to_Town=Ali Baba Goes to Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets'_Wizard_of_Oz=The Muppets' Wizard of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptations_(miniseries)=The Temptations (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_My_Brother_Laid=Getting My Brother Laid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_the_Document=Eat the Document
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Scandals=Roman Scandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Gun=The Way of the Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Fries_(film)=Home Fries (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent_(film)=Rent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Cried=The Man Who Cried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1925_film)=Body and Soul (1925 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_and_Soul_(1947_film)=Body and Soul (1947 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Over_It_(film)=Get Over It (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_a_Raggy_Boy=Song for a Raggy Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rugrats_Movie=The Rugrats Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_in_Toyland_(1961_film)=Babes in Toyland (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Songs=9 Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent_and_the_Rainbow_(film)=The Serpent and the Rainbow (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Cool=Be Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Stories=Robot Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Shaft=Blind Shaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratosphere_Girl=Stratosphere Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_If_You_Dare=Love Me If You Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Mad_Black_Woman=Diary of a Mad Black Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayside_Shakedown_2=Bayside Shakedown 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawmps!=Hawmps!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Chips=Blue Chips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascist_Legacy=Fascist Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nude_on_the_Moon=Nude on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wash_(2001_film)=The Wash (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingzhe_(film)=Jingzhe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostly_Martha_(film)=Mostly Martha (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hips,_Hips,_Hooray!=Hips, Hips, Hooray!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monument_Ave.=Monument Ave.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugrats_in_Paris:_The_Movie=Rugrats in Paris: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Wide_World=The Whole Wide World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pacifier=The Pacifier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamer_of_Oz:_The_L._Frank_Baum_Story=The Dreamer of Oz: The L. Frank Baum Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Another_Teen_Movie=Not Another Teen Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four_(film)=Fantastic Four (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(1973_film)=Sisters (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Life_of_the_Marionettes=From the Life of the Marionettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent's_Egg_(film)=The Serpent's Egg (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antropophagus=Antropophagus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Conquered_the_World=It Conquered the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(1983_film)=Sahara (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(2005_film)=Sahara (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitch_(film)=Hitch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lianna=Lianna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Bagger_Vance=The Legend of Bagger Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Day_Closes_(film)=The Long Day Closes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_(film)=Liam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancin'_thru_the_Dark=Dancin' thru the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_in_the_Valley=2 Days in the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeforce_(film)=Lifeforce (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_United_States_of_Leland=The United States of Leland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autism_Is_a_World=Autism Is a World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_First_(film)=Murder in the First (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavis_and_Butt-head_Do_America=Beavis and Butt-head Do America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deterrence_(film)=Deterrence (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_vs._Guiron=Gamera vs. Guiron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_Who_Tread_on_the_Tiger's_Tail=The Men Who Tread on the Tiger's Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Wild=Flying Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCU_(film)=PCU (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Star_(2001_film)=Rock Star (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairy_Bird=The Hairy Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_in_Gold_Boots=Girl in Gold Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Having_a_Baby=She's Having a Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_of_the_Bowery=Pride of the Bowery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Blank=Grosse Pointe Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mortal_Storm=The Mortal Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holocaust_(miniseries)=Holocaust (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Men_Out=Eight Men Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alatriste=Alatriste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(1953_film)=Inferno (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_Strikes_Again=The Pink Panther Strikes Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_the_American_Empire=The Decline of the American Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Brown_(film)=Foxy Brown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yours,_Mine_and_Ours_(1968_film)=Yours, Mine and Ours (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Cruz_(film)=Vera Cruz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkened_Room=Darkened Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbits_(film)=Rabbits (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Gang_of_Mine=That Gang of Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Gotta_Have_It=She's Gotta Have It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octobre=Octobre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Devil_(film)=Beat the Devil (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_&_Earth_(1993_film)=Heaven & Earth (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Returner=Returner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Du_Barry_(1934_film)=Madame Du Barry (1934 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7:35_in_the_Morning=7:35 in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie:_Fully_Loaded=Herbie: Fully Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Top_(film)=Over the Top (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slums_of_Beverly_Hills=Slums of Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cars_That_Ate_Paris=The Cars That Ate Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_of_the_Human_Heart=Map of the Human Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faust_(1994_film)=Faust (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_into_Brothels=Born into Brothels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Back_to_School_III=Fight Back to School III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Payne=Major Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_U.S.A._(1985_film)=Invasion U.S.A. (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_of_Natty_Gann=The Journey of Natty Gann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Days_in_September=Four Days in September
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustler_White=Hustler White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edukators=The Edukators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphins_(2000_film)=Dolphins (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Eyes_(film)=Snake Eyes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorile=Fiorile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torn_Curtain=Torn Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Condition_(film_series)=The Human Condition (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Trilogy=Samurai Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Another_Missing_Kid=Just Another Missing Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Debt=Life and Debt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kull_the_Conqueror=Kull the Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blood=Dark Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sassy_Girl=My Sassy Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Young_(1992_film)=Forever Young (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/September_Tapes=September Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Rock_City_(film)=Detroit Rock City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chipmunk_Adventure=The Chipmunk Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manhattan_Project_(film)=The Manhattan Project (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pump_Up_the_Volume_(film)=Pump Up the Volume (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Citizen_Kane=Beyond Citizen Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Corner=The Dark Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shanghai_Gesture=The Shanghai Gesture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Heat=The Big Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Combo=The Big Combo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Pit=The Money Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraband=Saraband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_(film)=The Saint (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swept_Away_(2002_film)=Swept Away (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Showers=Between Showers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Busy_Day=A Busy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Page_of_Madness=A Page of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Care_Bears_Movie_II:_A_New_Generation=Care Bears Movie II: A New Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Last_Dance=Save the Last Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Set-Up_(1949_film)=The Set-Up (1949 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_Have_Eyes_(1977_film)=The Hills Have Eyes (1977 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._&_Mrs._Smith_(1941_film)=Mr. & Mrs. Smith (1941 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judex_(1916_film)=Judex (1916 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eragon_(film)=Eragon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrow_Margin=The Narrow Margin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangal_Pandey:_The_Rising=Mangal Pandey: The Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Balloon=The Red Balloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebestraum_(film)=Liebestraum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacket=The Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuts_in_May=Nuts in May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Plot=Family Plot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tale_of_the_Mummy=Tale of the Mummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Gonna_Git_You_Sucka=I'm Gonna Git You Sucka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_Zero=Cube Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saboteur_(film)=Saboteur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harder_They_Come=The Harder They Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remains_of_the_Day_(film)=The Remains of the Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stir_of_Echoes=Stir of Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Lives_of_Altar_Boys=The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.R.:_Mysteries_of_the_Organism=W.R.: Mysteries of the Organism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_from_the_Boulevard_des_Capucines=A Man from the Boulevard des Capucines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Among_the_Ruins_(film)=Love Among the Ruins (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_(film)=Beta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_Alive_(1983_film)=Staying Alive (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph:_King_of_Dreams=Joseph: King of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deewana_(1992_film)=Deewana (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raju_Ban_Gaya_Gentleman=Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Boss_(film)=Yes Boss (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Communist_for_the_FBI=I Was a Communist for the FBI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptilicus=Reptilicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musketeer=The Musketeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Man=The Wrong Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_the_Beehive=The Spirit of the Beehive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Little_Rich_Girl_(1965_film)=Poor Little Rich Girl (1965 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Studios=Edison Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_of_Richard_Nixon=The Assassination of Richard Nixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Hulot's_Holiday=Monsieur Hulot's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CQ_(film)=CQ (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Capricorn=Under Capricorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Christmas_(1974_film)=Black Christmas (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltzes_from_Vienna=Waltzes from Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter_II:_The_Animated_Movie=Street Fighter II: The Animated Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Hair_2=Yellow Hair 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Toon_Adventures:_How_I_Spent_My_Vacation=Tiny Toon Adventures: How I Spent My Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Frankie=Dear Frankie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin_in_Paris=Lenin in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggie_&_Tupac=Biggie & Tupac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_(film)=Martin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Robe_(film)=Black Robe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen_Wuornos:_The_Selling_of_a_Serial_Killer=Aileen Wuornos: The Selling of a Serial Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_in_Paris_(film)=An American in Paris (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_and_Release_(film)=Catch and Release (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason's_Lyric=Jason's Lyric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_Fleiss:_Hollywood_Madam=Heidi Fleiss: Hollywood Madam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ideal_Husband_(1999_film)=An Ideal Husband (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Angel=The Blue Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Bad_Things=Very Bad Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leader,_His_Driver_and_the_Driver's_Wife=The Leader, His Driver and the Driver's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Care_Bears_Adventure_in_Wonderland=The Care Bears Adventure in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aileen:_Life_and_Death_of_a_Serial_Killer=Aileen: Life and Death of a Serial Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Symphonie_Pastorale_(film)=La Symphonie Pastorale (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundun=Kundun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_of_the_Paradise=Phantom of the Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Change_(film)=Small Change (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonelyhearts=Lonelyhearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_Party=The Bachelor Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Kelly's_Blues_(film)=Pete Kelly's Blues (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Lance=Broken Lance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_and_the_Mighty_(film)=The High and the Mighty (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Suite=Executive Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_Song_(film)=Torch Song (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mating_Season_(film)=The Mating Season (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curley_(film)=Curley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roman_Spring_of_Mrs._Stone=The Roman Spring of Mrs. Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Daisy_Clover=Inside Daisy Clover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_(film)=Hawaii (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Big_Boy_Now=You're a Big Boy Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Summer=Last Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Doc_Robbin=Who Killed Doc Robbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Melody_of_1938=Broadway Melody of 1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Century_of_the_Self=The Century of the Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peluca=Peluca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Bear=Barney Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umrao_Jaan_(1981_film)=Umrao Jaan (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Out_West_(1937_film)=Way Out West (1937 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Not_Stupid=I Not Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown_25:_Yesterday,_Today,_Forever=Motown 25: Yesterday, Today, Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo:_A_Power_Rangers_Movie=Turbo: A Power Rangers Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Seed=Demon Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Never_Land=Return to Never Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_Knights=The Hollywood Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon_Wars=The Pentagon Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Dollar_Hotel=The Million Dollar Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreak_Ridge=Heartbreak Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encino_Man=Encino Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Shadow=Distant Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Brother=Love's Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_White_(film)=Tom White (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Sleep_When_I'm_Dead_(film)=I'll Sleep When I'm Dead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Romeo=Dancing Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intolerable_Cruelty=Intolerable Cruelty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooster_Cogburn_(film)=Rooster Cogburn (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Dragon_Inn=Goodbye, Dragon Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesame_Street_Presents_Follow_That_Bird=Sesame Street Presents Follow That Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Heroes=Almost Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Grizzly_(film)=Project Grizzly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Princess=Ice Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched_(2005_film)=Bewitched (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Good_Company_(2004_film)=In Good Company (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upside_of_Anger=The Upside of Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbird_6=Thunderbird 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbirds_Are_Go=Thunderbirds Are Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Believer_(film)=The Believer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(1985_film)=Revolution (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Mine_Music=Make Mine Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peking_Opera_Blues=Peking Opera Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_This_Movie!=Steal This Movie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Ranch_(film)=Chicken Ranch (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Jack_and_Rose=The Ballad of Jack and Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_Than_the_Sky=Bigger Than the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_(2005_film)=Smile (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Bullet_(film)=Silver Bullet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man_(film)=The Invisible Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodsman=The Woodsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_Charlie_(1944_film)=Champagne Charlie (1944 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondovino=Mondovino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_(film)=Noel (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animalympics=Animalympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Black_Book=Little Black Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_That_Shadows_Built=The House That Shadows Built
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Child_(2003_film)=Moon Child (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sockbaby=Sockbaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prefontaine_(film)=Prefontaine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Hustle=Kung Fu Hustle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Gun_for_Hire=This Gun for Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Sun_(film)=Behind the Sun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frailty_(film)=Frailty (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_or_Three_Things_I_Know_About_Her=Two or Three Things I Know About Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospero's_Books=Prospero's Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Breakdown=Afghan Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhimaan_(1973_film)=Abhimaan (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_on_Water_(film)=Walk on Water (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanjeer_(1973_film)=Zanjeer (1973 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Die_Alone=Never Die Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_(film)=Agatha (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Zombie_(film)=White Zombie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_(1994_film)=Fresh (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_toten_Winkel=Im toten Winkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_(1927_film)=The Ring (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scanner_Darkly_(film)=A Scanner Darkly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_in_Acapulco=Fun in Acapulco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Northside_777=Call Northside 777
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_in_the_Streets_(film)=Panic in the Streets (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_That_Panicked_America=The Night That Panicked America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encrypt_(film)=Encrypt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween:_Resurrection=Halloween: Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadhalan=Kadhalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_27th_Day=The 27th Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brush_with_Fate=Brush with Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_the_Window=The Woman in the Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairspray_(1988_film)=Hairspray (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Summer=Almost Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Cross_(film)=Criss Cross (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hating_Alison_Ashley_(film)=Hating Alison Ashley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Time=Melody Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ichabod_and_Mr._Toad=The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaked=Freaked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookie_(2002_film)=The Rookie (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_All_Engines!=Calling All Engines!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgiveness_(2004_film)=Forgiveness (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_Ado_About_Nothing_(1993_film)=Much Ado About Nothing (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Kansas=Rolling Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Might_Be_Giants_(film)=They Might Be Giants (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_mon_amour=Hiroshima mon amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_for_a_Day=Queen for a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergirl_(film)=Supergirl (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_Me_Guilty=Find Me Guilty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_Glide_in_Blue=Electra Glide in Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_and_Present_Danger_(film)=Clear and Present Danger (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Water_(2002_film)=Dark Water (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromwell_(film)=Cromwell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_Out_(1950_film)=No Way Out (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticket_to_Heaven=Ticket to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushwhacked_(film)=Bushwhacked (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_(film)=Marooned (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downhill_(1927_film)=Downhill (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Talks=Money Talks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Shock=Deep Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up,_Tiger_Lily%3F=What's Up, Tiger Lily?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Joe_Young_(1949_film)=Mighty Joe Young (1949 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Cat_People=The Curse of the Cat People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Pacific_(film)=Kansas Pacific (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared_Stiff_(1953_film)=Scared Stiff (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypher_(film)=Cypher (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Seventeen=Number Seventeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_and_Strange=Rich and Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder!=Murder!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dragon=The Last Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Fingers=5 Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chump_Change_(film)=Chump Change (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Holds_Barred_(1989_film)=No Holds Barred (1989 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Bullet=The Seventh Bullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brokeback_Mountain=Brokeback Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bug_Goes_to_Town=Mr. Bug Goes to Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krays_(film)=The Krays (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elusive_Avengers=The Elusive Avengers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dersu_Uzala_(1975_film)=Dersu Uzala (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_to_Cambodia=Swimming to Cambodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Pomegranates=The Color of Pomegranates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatch_(1997_film)=Nightwatch (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Heartbeats=The Five Heartbeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Dragon_(film)=Year of the Dragon (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Hindustani=Raja Hindustani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy_Raw=Eddie Murphy Raw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Steal_a_Million=How to Steal a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbolt_(1995_film)=Thunderbolt (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Tiger_of_Canton=Little Tiger of Canton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Island_(film)=Children's Island (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Second_Avenue=The Prisoner of Second Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extra_Girl=The Extra Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karan_Arjun=Karan Arjun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hockey_Sweater=The Hockey Sweater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Zed_&_Two_Noughts=A Zed & Two Noughts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_2000=Godzilla 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Kid_and_the_Green_Baize_Vampire=Billy the Kid and the Green Baize Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Target=Hard Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009:_Lost_Memories=2009: Lost Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_News_Bears_in_Breaking_Training=The Bad News Bears in Breaking Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepmom_(film)=Stepmom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowlands_(film)=Shadowlands (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_(1953_film)=Niagara (1953 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saathiya_(film)=Saathiya (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baadshah_(1999_film)=Baadshah (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(1946_film)=The Stranger (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Vampires=Les Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Rose_of_Cairo=The Purple Rose of Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Inferno_(1935_film)=Dante's Inferno (1935 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo_(film)=The Cuckoo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Jakes=The Two Jakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_and_Cleopatra_(film)=Caesar and Cleopatra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedgehog_in_the_Fog=Hedgehog in the Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Near_Dark=Near Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fandango_(1985_film)=Fandango (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_Western_Civilization_III=The Decline of Western Civilization III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_MPH=10 MPH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_in_the_Hole_(film)=Ace in the Hole (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asphalt_Warriors=Asphalt Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Used_Cars=Used Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_on_Fire_(1987_film)=City on Fire (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Ride_(film)=Let It Ride (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_Among_Strangers=At Home Among Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_II=Saw II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Poisoner's_Handbook=The Young Poisoner's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Line=Walk the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Snakes=Baby Snakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valiant_(film)=Valiant (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anand_(1971_film)=Anand (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Mr_Porter!=Oh, Mr Porter!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interpreter=The Interpreter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joan_(film)=Saint Joan (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Drain=From the Drain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_the_Water=Lady in the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Got_Game=He Got Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Is_a_Woman=A Woman Is a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Teri_Ganga_Maili=Ram Teri Ganga Maili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sleep_(1946_film)=The Big Sleep (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sleep_(1978_film)=The Big Sleep (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Navigator=Flight of the Navigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sugarland_Express=The Sugarland Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_vs._Megaguirus=Godzilla vs. Megaguirus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mare_Nostrum_(film)=Mare Nostrum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Glennascaul=Return to Glennascaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Mermaid=Mississippi Mermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_the_Piano_Player=Shoot the Piano Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Virtue_(1928_film)=Easy Virtue (1928 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_(film)=Champagne (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bible:_In_the_Beginning...=The Bible: In the Beginning...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Even_Chance=The Even Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Party_(1975_film)=The Wild Party (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberiade=Siberiade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth=The Sixth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_ECW=The Rise and Fall of ECW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_in_Atlantis_(film)=Hearts in Atlantis (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangster_No._1=Gangster No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliding_Doors=Sliding Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Generation=A Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_To_Pagal_Hai=Dil To Pagal Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin_of_Youth=Assassin of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Dumpling_Gang_(film)=The Apple Dumpling Gang (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandor_slash_Ida_(film)=Sandor slash Ida (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_a_Go-Go=Monster a Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_in_Common=Nothing in Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Snow=April Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pompatus_of_Love=The Pompatus of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_Who_(film)=Guess Who (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clockwork_Orange_(film)=A Clockwork Orange (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Lawrence_Live:_Runteldat=Martin Lawrence Live: Runteldat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfalfa's_Aunt=Alfalfa's Aunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_(1956_film)=Shadow (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Dumbo_Drop=Operation Dumbo Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintertime=Wintertime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabethtown_(film)=Elizabethtown (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Hour!=Zero Hour!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark,_My_Sweet=After Dark, My Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odds_Against_Tomorrow=Odds Against Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Night_(1947_film)=The Long Night (1947 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Their_Lives_(2005_film)=The Game of Their Lives (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bird_in_China=Big Bird in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_My_Luck_(2006_film)=Just My Luck (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_Mimi_(film)=Screaming Mimi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Allnighter_(film)=The Allnighter (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_(1959_film)=Night Train (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Us_from_Eva=Deliver Us from Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Copy_(film)=Carbon Copy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Men_Can't_Jump=White Men Can't Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Dear_to_My_Heart=So Dear to My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Joan_of_the_Angels=Mother Joan of the Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Moves_(1975_film)=Night Moves (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Strong_(film)=Only the Strong (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Budd_(film)=Billy Budd (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musafir_(2004_film)=Musafir (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_Before_Dying_(1991_film)=A Kiss Before Dying (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embrace_of_the_Vampire=Embrace of the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Romance=A Little Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuo:_The_Iron_Man=Tetsuo: The Iron Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Passage_(film)=Dark Passage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Million_Ways_to_Die=8 Million Ways to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_with_Sharks=Swimming with Sharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Leaves_(film)=Autumn Leaves (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera:_The_Motion_Picture=The Phantom of the Opera: The Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Tuned_(film)=Stay Tuned (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(1999_film)=Life (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brother_from_Another_Planet=The Brother from Another Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda=Gilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bullshitters:_Roll_Out_The_Gunbarrel=The Bullshitters: Roll Out The Gunbarrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namukku_Parkkan_Munthiri_Thoppukal=Namukku Parkkan Munthiri Thoppukal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Guts,_Bullets_and_Octane=Blood, Guts, Bullets and Octane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Apart=A Man Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_It_Rich_(1990_film)=Strike It Rich (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Game_(1995_film)=Fair Game (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Raisin_in_the_Sun_(1961_film)=A Raisin in the Sun (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Corners_(film)=Five Corners (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_of_Cookery=The God of Cookery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Below=Phantom Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Giant_Leeches=Attack of the Giant Leeches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insignificance_(film)=Insignificance (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cutting_Edge=The Cutting Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_I'm_a_Fish=Help! I'm a Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Tum=Hum Tum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Mantis=The Deadly Mantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_5:_Assignment_Miami_Beach=Police Academy 5: Assignment Miami Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Crusoe_on_Mars=Robinson Crusoe on Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_Nights=Harlem Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebrahead_(film)=Zebrahead (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_on_the_Bridge=Girl on the Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Way_to_Go!=What a Way to Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/102_Dalmatians=102 Dalmatians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Pet_(1930_film)=Teacher's Pet (1930 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Stone=The Family Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Buddha=Little Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahogany_(film)=Mahogany (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Socialisme=Film Socialisme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mudge_Boy=The Mudge Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pups_Is_Pups=Pups Is Pups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Heroes=Imaginary Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Dog=Alpha Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Man_(film)=Trouble Man (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Cottage_(1945_film)=The Enchanted Cottage (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_Dogtown=Lords of Dogtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Honor=Men of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_Time=Nice Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashed_(film)=Unleashed (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cloud=Black Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ley's_Line=Ley's Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premonition_(2004_film)=Premonition (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Takitani=Tony Takitani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Samurai=The Twilight Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_Fighter=The Street Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_revoir_les_enfants=Au revoir les enfants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leprechaun_(film)=Leprechaun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mischief_(film)=White Mischief (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_&_Quentin=Ruby & Quentin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangar_18_(film)=Hangar 18 (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Legends:_Final_Cut=Urban Legends: Final Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They're_a_Weird_Mob_(film)=They're a Weird Mob (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Turned_Yellow=The Boy Who Turned Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Fleet=The Silver Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Presence_of_a_Clown=In the Presence of a Clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sade_(film)=Sade (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_At_World's_End=Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlarged_to_Show_Detail=Enlarged to Show Detail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlarged_to_Show_Detail_2=Enlarged to Show Detail 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_the_World=The Edge of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Consent_(film)=Age of Consent (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeepers_Creepers_(2001_film)=Jeepers Creepers (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Women_Have_Curves=Real Women Have Curves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_(1946_film)=Crisis (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Parts=Elephant Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling_(film)=The Howling (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooley_High=Cooley High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grotesque_(film)=The Grotesque (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_(TV_series)=Jazz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varsity_Blues_(film)=Varsity Blues (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(1985_film)=Underworld (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_(1971_film)=Willard (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_the_Rich_(film)=Eat the Rich (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Obsession=Twisted Obsession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_(film)=Century (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_and_the_Moment=The Night and the Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Carter_(2000_film)=Get Carter (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_(film)=Kansas City (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evening_Star=The Evening Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Designated_Mourner=The Designated Mourner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ives_(1998_film)=St. Ives (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Brass_Ring=The Big Brass Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairdresser's_Husband=The Hairdresser's Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Heights_(film)=Pacific Heights (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_Limit=Vertical Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack-Jack_Attack=Jack-Jack Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ender's_Game_(film)=Ender's Game (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetta_(film)=Rosetta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Girl_Out=Odd Girl Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Bounds_(1986_film)=Out of Bounds (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duplex_(film)=Duplex (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Left,_Turn_Right=Turn Left, Turn Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(1933_film)=Secrets (1933 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Armed_Swordsman=One-Armed Swordsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saat_Hindustani=Saat Hindustani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_of_a_Kind_(1983_film)=Two of a Kind (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Legs_Conti:_Zen_and_the_Art_of_Competitive_Eating=Crazy Legs Conti: Zen and the Art of Competitive Eating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotna=Lotna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_on_Broadway=Babes on Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgt._Pepper's_Lonely_Hearts_Club_Band_(film)=Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Contra_los_Zombis=Santo Contra los Zombis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Crack'd=The Mirror Crack'd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_vie_en_rose=Ma vie en rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ship_Bound_for_India=A Ship Bound for India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_(2002_film)=Big Trouble (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissing_Jessica_Stein=Kissing Jessica Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stendhal_Syndrome=The Stendhal Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blastfighter=Blastfighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Debts=Blood Debts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lantana_(film)=Lantana (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey's_Uncle=The Monkey's Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misadventures_of_Merlin_Jones=The Misadventures of Merlin Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WUSA_(film)=WUSA (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Link_(film)=Link (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_(1993_film)=Naked (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeway_II:_Confessions_of_a_Trickbaby=Freeway II: Confessions of a Trickbaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naruto_the_Movie:_Legend_of_the_Stone_of_Gelel=Naruto the Movie: Legend of the Stone of Gelel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elf_Bowling=Elf Bowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baabul_(2006_film)=Baabul (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Alcatraz_(film)=Escape from Alcatraz (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond's_Revenge=Bulldog Drummond's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Kill_(1947_film)=Born to Kill (1947 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_in_the_Night_(1947_film)=Fear in the Night (1947 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_You_(1957_film)=Loving You (1957 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life-Size=Life-Size
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_(1910_film)=Frankenstein (1910 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Blues=G.I. Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Town=Twin Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(1978_film)=The End (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pervirella=Pervirella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_in_the_Country=Wild in the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_into_Liquid=Step into Liquid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Down_the_Road=Goin' Down the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Hunter=Alien Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_(film)=Company (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Day_(film)=Snow Day (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Kong=The Son of Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick:_The_Life_and_Death_of_Bob_Flanagan,_Supermasochist=Sick: The Life and Death of Bob Flanagan, Supermasochist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Evangelion=The End of Evangelion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incident_at_Loch_Ness=Incident at Loch Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_White_(film)=Great White (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_B_(film)=Big B (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(film)=In the Heat of the Night (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.I.E.=L.I.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Which_Way_but_Loose_(film)=Every Which Way but Loose (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_Women_on_the_Moon=Amazon Women on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Saves_His_Family=Stuart Saves His Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Want_(film)=All I Want (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squid_and_the_Whale=The Squid and the Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Woman_on_Earth=Last Woman on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Pink_Panther=The Return of the Pink Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_the_Damned_(1960_film)=Village of the Damned (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_the_Damned_(1995_film)=Village of the Damned (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_(1972_film)=Roma (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_of_Cabiria=Nights of Cabiria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Dogs_Lie_(2005_film)=Sleeping Dogs Lie (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_from_Witch_Mountain=Return from Witch Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Cowboys=Space Cowboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barfly_(film)=Barfly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlpool_(1949_film)=Whirlpool (1949 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_&_Hooch=Turner & Hooch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_(film)=Ed (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karin's_Face=Karin's Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Rehearsal=After the Rehearsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_of_the_Wolf=Hour of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Violence=A History of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_Terror_(film)=Tower of Terror (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Shop=Beauty Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crime_of_Father_Amaro=The Crime of Father Amaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Series_7:_The_Contenders=Series 7: The Contenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decks_Ran_Red=The Decks Ran Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninne_Pelladata=Ninne Pelladata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_in_Africa=Nowhere in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians_II:_Patch's_London_Adventure=101 Dalmatians II: Patch's London Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakdown_(1997_film)=Breakdown (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_and_the_Bandit_Part_3=Smokey and the Bandit Part 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamp_(film)=Vamp (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_an_American_Quilt=How to Make an American Quilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Watch_(2004_film)=Night Watch (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gauntlet_(film)=The Gauntlet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivering_Shakespeare=Shivering Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave=The Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deuce_Bigalow:_Male_Gigolo=Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Six_Convicts=My Six Convicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_(2005_film)=Last Days (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cindy_(film)=Cindy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Wheels_AcceleRacers=Hot Wheels AcceleRacers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.E.B.S._(2004_film)=D.E.B.S. (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi_(1958_film)=Gigi (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envy_(2004_film)=Envy (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krakatoa,_East_of_Java=Krakatoa, East of Java
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Master=The Young Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(1996_miniseries)=Titanic (1996 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Your_Children=Tell Your Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayrig=Mayrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Knight_(film)=Black Knight (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joi_Baba_Felunath=Joi Baba Felunath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Gentlemen's_Apocalypse=The League of Gentlemen's Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bug_Man=Big Bug Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Congeniality_2:_Armed_and_Fabulous=Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_Relations_(1996_film)=Intimate Relations (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret's_Museum=Margaret's Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._&_Mrs._Smith_(2005_film)=Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXX:_State_of_the_Union=XXX: State of the Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lot_like_Love=A Lot like Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_&_Screaming_(2005_film)=Kicking & Screaming (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicking_and_Screaming_(1995_film)=Kicking and Screaming (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Beautiful=The Most Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(1969_film)=The Girl Who Knew Too Much (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Richard=Looking for Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_That_Dream=Follow That Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Kashmir=Mission Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanshiro_Sugata_Part_II=Sanshiro Sugata Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Won_the_War=How I Won the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess:_School's_Out=Recess: School's Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookie_(1990_film)=The Rookie (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killers_(1964_film)=The Killers (1964 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_(1999_film)=Tarzan (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Haired_Girl=The White Haired Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(2004_film)=Crash (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymooners_(film)=The Honeymooners (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakko's_Wish=Wakko's Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Streets_of_London_(1929_film)=The Streets of London (1929 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Rex_and_Rinty=The Adventures of Rex and Rinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festen=Festen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minotaur_(film)=Minotaur (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Moscow=Mission to Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Galahad=Kid Galahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Juniper_Tree_(film)=The Juniper Tree (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toast_of_New_Orleans=The Toast of New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_(film)=George Washington (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_Security_Area_(film)=Joint Security Area (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sympathy_for_Lady_Vengeance=Sympathy for Lady Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Free_or_Die_Hard=Live Free or Die Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Liza=Love Liza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls!_Girls!_Girls!=Girls! Girls! Girls!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hue_and_Cry_(film)=Hue and Cry (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Yeller_(film)=Old Yeller (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_in_Manhattan=Maid in Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayabazar=Mayabazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_(1995_film)=The Cure (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Lady_(film)=Phantom Lady (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_at_the_World's_Fair=It Happened at the World's Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenade_(1956_film)=Serenade (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissin'_Cousins=Kissin' Cousins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabd_(film)=Shabd (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Touch_(1971_film)=The Touch (1971 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Anna=The Passion of Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Southern_Yankee=A Southern Yankee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red's_Dream=Red's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Rich=Born Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rite_(1969_film)=The Rite (1969 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_First_Time_(1959_film)=For the First Time (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squaw_Man_(1914_film)=The Squaw Man (1914 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane_II:_The_Sequel=Airplane II: The Sequel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalcanal_Diary_(film)=Guadalcanal Diary (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaadein_(2001_film)=Yaadein (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolat_(2000_film)=Chocolat (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Happy=Girl Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghulam_(film)=Ghulam (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Ke_Liye_Kuch_Bhi_Karega=Love Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convoy_(1978_film)=Convoy (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Dil_De_Chuke_Sanam=Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_(2000_film)=Josh (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Blue_Lagoon=Return to the Blue Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(1999_film)=Superstar (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickle_Me=Tickle Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_(2002_film)=When in Rome (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northland_(film)=Northland (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(1949_film)=Champion (1949 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixote=Pixote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_The_World's_Strongest=Dragon Ball Z: The World's Strongest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Super_Android_13!=Dragon Ball Z: Super Android 13!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Bojack_Unbound=Dragon Ball Z: Bojack Unbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puteri_Gunung_Ledang_(film)=Puteri Gunung Ledang (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Trembling_(film)=Fear and Trembling (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_Force_Z=Attack Force Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Witches=Little Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harum_Scarum=Harum Scarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_the_House=Doctor in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Dernier_Combat=Le Dernier Combat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_and_Johnny_(1991_film)=Frankie and Johnny (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_and_Johnny_(1966_film)=Frankie and Johnny (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise,_Hawaiian_Style=Paradise, Hawaiian Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinout=Spinout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_(film)=Haven (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Sherlock_Holmes=The Private Life of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Come,_Easy_Go_(film)=Easy Come, Easy Go (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Hain_Rahi_Pyar_Ke=Hum Hain Rahi Pyar Ke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_That_Wouldn't_Die=The Brain That Wouldn't Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charulata=Charulata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killers_(1946_film)=The Killers (1946 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Trouble_(1967_film)=Double Trouble (1967 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones's_Diary_(film)=Bridget Jones's Diary (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperTex=SuperTex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(1999_TV_film)=Black and White (1999 TV film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clambake=Clambake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomb_of_Ligeia=The Tomb of Ligeia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Away,_Joe=Stay Away, Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Town_(film)=Boom Town (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Boyz=Biker Boyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionairess=The Millionairess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedway_(1968_film)=Speedway (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_a_Little,_Love_a_Little=Live a Little, Love a Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintorera=Tintorera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charro!=Charro!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Girls_(film)=The Trouble with Girls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Curtain_Trilogy=The Red Curtain Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carla's_Song=Carla's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_&_Gromit:_The_Curse_of_the_Were-Rabbit=Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swarm_(film)=The Swarm (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Frankenstein=The Curse of Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Ransom_(film)=King's Ransom (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(film)=Smoke (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac:_Resurrection=Tupac: Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Meggs=Ginger Meggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novocaine_(film)=Novocaine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payday_(1972_film)=Payday (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(1996_film)=Fire (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Once_Upon_a_Christmas=Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_36th_Chamber_of_Shaolin=The 36th Chamber of Shaolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_Day_(1922_film)=Pay Day (1922 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrivederci_Roma_(film)=Arrivederci Roma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_Mr._Chicken=The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Youth=The Best of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Horror_(2005_film)=The Amityville Horror (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Camping=Carry On Camping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_'42=Summer of '42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_the_Gas_Station=Attack the Gas Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zubeidaa=Zubeidaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taal_(film)=Taal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Jobs=American Jobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaante=Kaante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Birds=Fire Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Se..=Dil Se..
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netaji_Subhas_Chandra_Bose:_The_Forgotten_Hero=Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose: The Forgotten Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belphegor,_Phantom_of_the_Louvre=Belphegor, Phantom of the Louvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisky_Romeo_Zulu=Whisky Romeo Zulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meenaxi:_A_Tale_of_Three_Cities=Meenaxi: A Tale of Three Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_(1985_film)=Water (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solid_Gold_Cadillac=The Solid Gold Cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_(1978_film)=Coma (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Reine_Margot_(1994_film)=La Reine Margot (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Bout_It=I'm Bout It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_of_Graustark=Beverly of Graustark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Labyrinth:_THX_1138_4EB=Electronic Labyrinth: THX 1138 4EB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ark_(2005_film)=Ark (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecker_(film)=Pecker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steaming_(film)=Steaming (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark_Raving_Mad_(2002_film)=Stark Raving Mad (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac_(1990_film)=Cyrano de Bergerac (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punch_and_Judy_Man=The Punch and Judy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Mom=Mr. Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bell_for_Adano=A Bell for Adano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magdalene_Sisters=The Magdalene Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_American_Graffiti=More American Graffiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Victory=Escape to Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantasm_(film)=Phantasm (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/According_to_Spencer=According to Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crippled_Masters=The Crippled Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changeling_(1980_film)=The Changeling (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ancient_Tale:_When_the_Sun_Was_a_God=An Ancient Tale: When the Sun Was a God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Tree=The Hanging Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Howard_Hughes=The Amazing Howard Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Without_My_Daughter=Not Without My Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Sucking_Freaks=Blood Sucking Freaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Confidential=Kansas City Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reflecting_Skin_(film)=The Reflecting Skin (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armaan_(1966_film)=Armaan (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glenn_Miller_Story=The Glenn Miller Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookie_of_the_Year_(film)=Rookie of the Year (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Boys_Are=Where the Boys Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manichitrathazhu=Manichitrathazhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coneheads_(film)=Coneheads (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bill_of_Divorcement_(1932_film)=A Bill of Divorcement (1932 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindwalk=Mindwalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grande_Arte=A Grande Arte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Them_Willie_Boy_Is_Here=Tell Them Willie Boy Is Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_from_Outer_Space=The Cat from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopin:_Desire_for_Love=Chopin: Desire for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stir_Crazy_(film)=Stir Crazy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetForce_(film)=NetForce (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sorghum_(film)=Red Sorghum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cook,_the_Thief,_His_Wife_&_Her_Lover=The Cook, the Thief, His Wife & Her Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Times=The Burning Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Team=America's Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Kathy_Miller=The Miracle of Kathy Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Angry_Shot=The Odd Angry Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadfall_(1993_film)=Deadfall (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barabbas_(1961_film)=Barabbas (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_(1993_film)=The Fugitive (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi,_Mom!=Hi, Mom!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woo_(film)=Woo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardom=Stardom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promised_Land_(1975_film)=The Promised Land (1975 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Beauty=Stealing Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rachel_Papers=The Rachel Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorrell_and_Son=Sorrell and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_on_the_Roof=The Women on the Roof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedy_(film)=Speedy (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_D=House of D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Revelations=Star Wars: Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_1900=The Legend of 1900
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musa_(film)=Musa (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich's_Christmas_Wish=Richie Rich's Christmas Wish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_War_(film)=The Art of War (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Nights_(1985_film)=White Nights (1985 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Money_Hustlas=Big Money Hustlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_Under_the_Stairs=The People Under the Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_with_Five_Fingers=The Beast with Five Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_and_Minds_(film)=Hearts and Minds (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Single_Girl=A Single Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Bhagat_Singh=The Legend of Bhagat Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoom=Dhoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamakasi_(film)=Yamakasi (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plague_of_the_Zombies=The Plague of the Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisna:_The_Warrior_Poet=Kisna: The Warrior Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raincoat_(film)=Raincoat (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zorro=The Legend of Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Water_Summer=White Water Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_on_Karma=Running on Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_300_Spartans=The 300 Spartans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_of_Life_(film)=Quality of Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timerider:_The_Adventure_of_Lyle_Swann=Timerider: The Adventure of Lyle Swann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowery_Blitzkrieg=Bowery Blitzkrieg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(1927_film)=Underworld (1927 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfaithful_Wife=The Unfaithful Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deluge_(film)=The Deluge (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pied_Piper_of_Cleveland=The Pied Piper of Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Fire_and_Sword_(film)=With Fire and Sword (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy's_Balloon=Billy's Balloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Desert_(film)=Red Desert (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Change=Quick Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Mistons=Les Mistons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonewall_(1995_film)=Stonewall (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_malheurs_d'Alfred=Les malheurs d'Alfred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bade_Miyan_Chote_Miyan=Bade Miyan Chote Miyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something's_Got_to_Give=Something's Got to Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Yao=The Year of the Yao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidocq_(2001_film)=Vidocq (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Tumhare_Hain_Sanam=Hum Tumhare Hain Sanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_a_Glass_Darkly_(film)=Through a Glass Darkly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_Paul_II_(film)=Pope John Paul II (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Gardenia=The Blue Gardenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pimp=American Pimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storm_Riders=The Storm Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Suriyothai=The Legend of Suriyothai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkman=Darkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Oleander_(film)=White Oleander (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun_(film)=Rising Sun (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Care_Bears:_Journey_to_Joke-a-lot=Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Party_(1984_film)=Bachelor Party (1984 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karla_(film)=Karla (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spun=Spun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Rifles=100 Rifles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Buffalo_Roam=Where the Buffalo Roam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fine_Spring_Day=One Fine Spring Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Topo=El Topo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Present=Last Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio_Zombie=Bio Zombie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redneck_Zombies=Redneck Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Zero=Wild Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roots_of_Heaven=The Roots of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Dolphin=The Day of the Dolphin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Make_Waves=Don't Make Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Devil=Eye of the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossing_(2000_film)=The Crossing (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_in_April=Sometimes in April
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuban_Rebel_Girls=Cuban Rebel Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Women_in_the_Avocado_Jungle_of_Death=Cannibal Women in the Avocado Jungle of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniyan=Anniyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodlum_(film)=Hoodlum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Line_(2001_film)=On the Line (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingpin_(1996_film)=Kingpin (1996 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrageous_Fortune_(film)=Outrageous Fortune (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koma_(film)=Koma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Wax_(2005_film)=House of Wax (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Jane_and_Sam=The Truth About Jane and Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Fall_in_Love..._with_Both=When I Fall in Love... with Both
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Harmony=House of Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kekexili:_Mountain_Patrol=Kekexili: Mountain Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Sacred_(film)=Nothing Sacred (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Gang=Road Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_(1994_film)=The War (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaena:_The_Prophecy=Kaena: The Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Falling_on_Cedars_(film)=Snow Falling on Cedars (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_European_Vacation=National Lampoon's European Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Mare=Il Mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayside_Shakedown:_The_Movie=Bayside Shakedown: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gleaming_the_Cube=Gleaming the Cube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torque_(film)=Torque (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_Spy=The Fat Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_of_Lost_Women=Mesa of Lost Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_(film)=Troll (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Zombies=Teenage Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Woman=Voodoo Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Conquers_the_World=Frankenstein Conquers the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creeping_Terror=The Creeping Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Saved_Hitler's_Brain=They Saved Hitler's Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beverly_Hillbillies_(film)=The Beverly Hillbillies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Belt_Jones=Black Belt Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Ultimatum_(film)=The Bourne Ultimatum (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_Storm_(1974_film)=The Gathering Storm (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_King_in_New_York=A King in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper:_A_Spirited_Beginning=Casper: A Spirited Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Money=Pocket Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Tea_(film)=Green Tea (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_(1968_film)=Greetings (1968 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Who_Wasn't_There=The God Who Wasn't There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Rules_(film)=Australian Rules (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Suspicion_(2000_film)=Under Suspicion (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_(film)=Jeffrey (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_(1994_film)=Priest (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Academy=Ninja Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteen_Chairs=The Thirteen Chairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Dimension=Death Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Execution_of_Private_Slovik=The Execution of Private Slovik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Business_(1952_film)=Monkey Business (1952 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Janitor=The New Janitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Star_(film)=Dark Star (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pola_X=Pola X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phool_Aur_Kaante=Phool Aur Kaante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolver_(film)=Evolver (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Intruder=Alien Intruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_(film)=Impact (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Beholder_(film)=Eye of the Beholder (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Star_Wars=Saving Star Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paheli=Paheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullet_(film)=Mullet (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_in_the_Head=Bullet in the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanner_on_Tanner=Tanner on Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_of_Edgar_Allan_Poe=An Evening of Edgar Allan Poe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secondhand_Lions=Secondhand Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tout_Va_Bien=Tout Va Bien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enforcer_(1951_film)=The Enforcer (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beyond_(film)=The Beyond (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrongfully_Accused=Wrongfully Accused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenon:_Z3=Zenon: Z3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arc_(1900_film)=Joan of Arc (1900 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_(film_series)=Once Upon a Time in China (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Terror's_House_of_Horrors=Dr. Terror's House of Horrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_and_Running=Off and Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Tall=Stand Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_and_Her_Week_of_Wonders_(film)=Valerie and Her Week of Wonders (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_Maker_(2000_film)=The Miracle Maker (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind's_Eye_(film_series)=Mind's Eye (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Broadcast_of_1938=The Big Broadcast of 1938
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_the_Great_(1956_film)=Alexander the Great (1956 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boys_(1983_film)=Bad Boys (1983 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Mooseport=Welcome to Mooseport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_Flatbush=The Lords of Flatbush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_Among_Us=A Stranger Among Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Springs_(film)=Warm Springs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxcar_Bertha=Boxcar Bertha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_That_Knocking_at_My_Door=Who's That Knocking at My Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carve_Her_Name_with_Pride=Carve Her Name with Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_of_Cherry=Taste of Cherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffy_Duck's_Quackbusters=Daffy Duck's Quackbusters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Pillow=Stone Pillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Will_Talk=People Will Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clairvoyant=The Clairvoyant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninth_Day=The Ninth Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusher_II=Pusher II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troop_Beverly_Hills=Troop Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigantic_(A_Tale_of_Two_Johns)=Gigantic (A Tale of Two Johns)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harder_They_Fall=The Harder They Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Saga=The Godfather Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payback_(1999_film)=Payback (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia:_The_Lion,_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe=The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(1980_film)=The Island (1980 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Regrets_for_Our_Youth=No Regrets for Our Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_of_Time_(film)=Nick of Time (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster-in-Law=Monster-in-Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Daydream=Sunshine Daydream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia:_Prince_Caspian=The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flamingo_Kid=The Flamingo Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy/Beautiful=Crazy/Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Mile_(film)=Moonlight Mile (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Fine_Promises=All the Fine Promises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singin'_in_the_Rain=Singin' in the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lego_Star_Wars:_Revenge_of_the_Brick=Lego Star Wars: Revenge of the Brick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_(1972_film)=Pulp (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rascal_(film)=Rascal (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_City_(1998_film)=Dark City (1998 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Hasard_Balthazar=Au Hasard Balthazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teorema_(film)=Teorema (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_McDull=My Life as McDull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close-Up_(film)=Close-Up (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_from_the_Others=Different from the Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_in_the_Land_of_Egypt_(film)=Joseph in the Land of Egypt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Klansman=The Klansman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americanization_of_Emily=The Americanization of Emily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What%3F_(film)=What? (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Kiss_Bang_Bang=Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(1988_film)=Georgia (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_State_of_Mind_(film)=Another State of Mind (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Angel=Black Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_for_Vendetta_(film)=V for Vendetta (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Train=Atomic Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Circus_(film)=Battle Circus (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Dogs_(film)=Sleeping Dogs (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadah_Is_Death=Dadah Is Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naina=Naina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyun!_Ho_Gaya_Na...=Kyun! Ho Gaya Na...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pianist_(2002_film)=The Pianist (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midsummer_Dream=Midsummer Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wah-Wah_(film)=Wah-Wah (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provoked_(film)=Provoked (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_(2003_film)=Radio (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Fight_(2005_film)=Why We Fight (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andarivaadu=Andarivaadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocents_(1961_film)=The Innocents (1961 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulgasari=Pulgasari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_II:_The_Power_and_The_Passion=Charles II: The Power and The Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirigible_(film)=Dirigible (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Maker_(1995_film)=The Star Maker (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Catcher=The Dream Catcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Angels_Have_Wings=Only Angels Have Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teeny_Little_Super_Guy=Teeny Little Super Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Flowers=Broken Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exterminator=The Exterminator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nasty_Girl=The Nasty Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Do_You_Say_to_a_Naked_Lady%3F=What Do You Say to a Naked Lady?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urgh!_A_Music_War=Urgh! A Music War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre_Dame_(1923_film)=The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1923 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threesome_(film)=Threesome (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monolith_Monsters=The Monolith Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(2002_film)=Three (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Da_Vinci_Code_(film)=The Da Vinci Code (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Bride_(film)=Runaway Bride (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Obscure_Object_of_Desire=That Obscure Object of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warning_Shot=Warning Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Alice_B._Toklas=I Love You, Alice B. Toklas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold's_Wrecking_Co.=Arnold's Wrecking Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.M.S._Defiant=H.M.S. Defiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock-a-Doodle=Rock-a-Doodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_and_Freedom=Land and Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror,_Mirror_(film)=Mirror, Mirror (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_'em_and_Weep=Love 'em and Weep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutty_Professor_II:_The_Klumps=Nutty Professor II: The Klumps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Ever_Happened_to_Baby_Jane%3F_(1962_film)=What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (1962 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Makes_a_Movie=Ida Makes a Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_and_Main=State and Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Reckoning_(film)=Dead Reckoning (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Killer_Tomatoes=Return of the Killer Tomatoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_from_Shanghai=The Lady from Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgo_(film)=Gorgo (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum_(2003_film)=Momentum (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_Alvida_Naa_Kehna=Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen_2=Cheaper by the Dozen 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epidemic_(film)=Epidemic (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Horse=Year of the Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasure_Seekers=The Pleasure Seekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Damage_(film)=Brain Damage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlighting_(film)=Moonlighting (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ronde_(1950_film)=La Ronde (1950 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Dares_Wins_(film)=Who Dares Wins (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampage_(1987_film)=Rampage (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Illuminated_(film)=Everything Is Illuminated (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantastic_Four_(unreleased_film)=The Fantastic Four (unreleased film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Angels=The Wild Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_No_Return=River of No Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Lane_Blacktop=Two-Lane Blacktop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Insomniac's_Nightmare=An Insomniac's Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puddle_Cruiser=Puddle Cruiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2019,_After_the_Fall_of_New_York=2019, After the Fall of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wonderful_Sunday=One Wonderful Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_from_the_South=A Child from the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Fox=The Little Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellie_(film)=Ellie (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarella_(film)=Barbarella (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Time_I_Committed_Suicide=The Last Time I Committed Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannie_Caulder=Hannie Caulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar:_The_Karen_Carpenter_Story=Superstar: The Karen Carpenter Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_(2004_film)=Let It Be (2004 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettin'_Square=Gettin' Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Glass=Breaking Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpier_Old_Men=Grumpier Old Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpy_Old_Men_(film)=Grumpy Old Men (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_McMullen=The Brothers McMullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Station_3D=Space Station 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Water=Swamp Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Sidewalk_Ends=Where the Sidewalk Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_the_City=Night and the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Petticoat=The Iron Petticoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic_Book:_The_Movie=Comic Book: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Prince_(1974_film)=The Little Prince (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_Oblivion=Living in Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Times=Three Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fire=White Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_Mona=Drowning Mona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamera_(film)=Gamera (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vive_L'Amour=Vive L'Amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_3=RoboCop 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_God!=Oh, God!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wkw/tk/1996@7'55%22hk.net=Wkw/tk/1996@7'55"hk.net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kin-dza-dza!=Kin-dza-dza!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorky_Park_(film)=Gorky Park (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashani_Sanket=Ashani Sanket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_Up=Hanging Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madadayo=Madadayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Platinum=Double Platinum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duma_(film)=Duma (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Destination_3=Final Destination 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_to_Her=Talk to Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anytown,_USA_(film)=Anytown, USA (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_Champions=Legendary Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_Squad=The Monster Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Lobo=Rio Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udayananu_Tharam=Udayananu Tharam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(1999_film)=Reflections (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cincinnati_Kid=The Cincinnati Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Lansing_Slept_Here=Laura Lansing Slept Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FUBAR_(film)=FUBAR (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Prisoner=The Spanish Prisoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Water_(2005_film)=Dark Water (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wraith=The Wraith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_a_Clue=Get a Clue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Sisters=The Gay Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowbeard=Yellowbeard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Night,_Deadly_Night=Silent Night, Deadly Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat's_Meow=The Cat's Meow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_of_Hearts=Break of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_Rebels=A Woman Rebels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ball_Z:_Wrath_of_the_Dragon=Dragon Ball Z: Wrath of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatari!=Hatari!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Perfect=Pixel Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traces_of_Death=Traces of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Male_and_Female=Male and Female
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_Target=Sitting Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Jean_&_Marilyn=Norma Jean & Marilyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Them_All_and_Come_Back_Alone=Kill Them All and Come Back Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Eye_(2005_American_film)=Red Eye (2005 American film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Generals=The Night of the Generals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Strong=Christopher Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Good_to_Be_True_(film)=Too Good to Be True (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(2002_film)=Empire (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Game_Ever_Played=The Greatest Game Ever Played
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enron:_The_Smartest_Guys_in_the_Room=Enron: The Smartest Guys in the Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Woman_(film)=A Good Woman (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Auto_Races_at_Venice=Kid Auto Races at Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Time_Crooks=Small Time Crooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomerang_(1992_film)=Boomerang (1992 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Badge_of_Courage_(film)=The Red Badge of Courage (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_They_Come_Back..._Again=Sometimes They Come Back... Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Hope_Street=East of Hope Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover_Street_(film)=Hanover Street (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetic_Justice_(film)=Poetic Justice (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hocus_Pocus_(1993_film)=Hocus Pocus (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creature_Wasn't_Nice=The Creature Wasn't Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_the_Faith=Keeping the Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(1993_film)=The Three Musketeers (1993 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Ripper=The New York Ripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_for_Broke!_(1951_film)=Go for Broke! (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(2007_film)=Next (2007 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Dive=Crash Dive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lagoon_(1949_film)=The Blue Lagoon (1949 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Best=Best of the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Lovers=Summer Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Watto=Crazy Watto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonin=Gonin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Johnson=Too Much Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1948_film)=Macbeth (1948 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_of_the_North_Pole=Emperor of the North Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Matrix_Collection=The Ultimate Matrix Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop!_Or_My_Mom_Will_Shoot=Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pray_for_the_Wildcats=Pray for the Wildcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Get_Ahead_in_Advertising=How to Get Ahead in Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tainted=Tainted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacehunter:_Adventures_in_the_Forbidden_Zone=Spacehunter: Adventures in the Forbidden Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throw_Momma_from_the_Train=Throw Momma from the Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollercoaster_(1977_film)=Rollercoaster (1977 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother,_Jugs_&_Speed=Mother, Jugs & Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(1945_film)=Perfect Strangers (1945 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Ride=The Wild Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiscreet_(1958_film)=Indiscreet (1958 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggy_Poo=Doggy Poo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Jew_(1940_film)=The Eternal Jew (1940 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Nudie_Musical=The First Nudie Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiled=Exiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Jazz=King of Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Scarlett=Sylvia Scarlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_Have_Not_(film)=To Have and Have Not (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_(film)=Mitchell (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_III=Once Upon a Time in China III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_China_II=Once Upon a Time in China II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_(1963_film)=Flipper (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kshana_Kshanam=Kshana Kshanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pithamagan=Pithamagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotta_Kick_It_Up!=Gotta Kick It Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gol_Maal=Gol Maal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_Closet=Trapped in the Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Iron_Fan_(1966_film)=Princess Iron Fan (1966 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan,_the_Ape_Man_(1981_film)=Tarzan, the Ape Man (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Ships_(film)=The Long Ships (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugetsu=Ugetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desperate_Hours_(film)=The Desperate Hours (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Kill=Winter Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_or_Alive_(film)=Dead or Alive (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBS:_The_Documentary=BBS: The Documentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Rising_(film)=Hannibal Rising (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intersection_(1994_film)=Intersection (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Instinct_2=Basic Instinct 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Rain_(film)=Fire and Rain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_(film)=Athena (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview,_U.S.A.=Grandview, U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cookout=The Cookout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missamma=Missamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altered_Species=Altered Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekken:_The_Motion_Picture=Tekken: The Motion Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_of_Pleasure_Island=The Girls of Pleasure Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Hunks=Beau Hunks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_City=The Naked City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rififi=Rififi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._G._Wells'_War_of_the_Worlds_(2005_film)=H. G. Wells' War of the Worlds (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Bern=The Miracle of Bern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darna_(1951_film)=Darna (1951 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Eyes_(film)=Angel Eyes (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_2000=Knight Rider 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_2010=Knight Rider 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baran_(film)=Baran (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood_(film)=Norwood (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurm_(2005_film)=Jurm (2005 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_&_Cash=Tango & Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Bonner=Junior Bonner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_U.S.A._(1952_film)=Invasion U.S.A. (1952 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knightquest=Knightquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_the_Sea=See the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Mans_(film)=Le Mans (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poochakkoru_Mookkuthi=Poochakkoru Mookkuthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1_Second_Film=The 1 Second Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairshirt_(film)=Hairshirt (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolita_(1997_film)=Lolita (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lammbock=Lammbock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_City=Cry of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Lessons=Driving Lessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Steal=The Big Steal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Academy=Up the Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slackers_(film)=Slackers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Made_Me_a_Fugitive=They Made Me a Fugitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three..._Extremes=Three... Extremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izo=Izo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Brasco_(film)=Donnie Brasco (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Fool=The Singing Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sharkboy_and_Lavagirl_in_3-D=The Adventures of Sharkboy and Lavagirl in 3-D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Words=The Secret Life of Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_People's_Money=Other People's Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Gringo=Old Gringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_West_(miniseries)=Into the West (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Without_a_Past=The Man Without a Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Showgirl=The Prince and the Showgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Wednesday=Big Wednesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_of_the_Chorus=Ladies of the Chorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Flight=The Theory of Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circle_(2000_film)=The Circle (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alligator_People=The Alligator People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_(2003_film)=The Gathering (2003 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfen_(film)=Wolfen (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glengarry_Glen_Ross_(film)=Glengarry Glen Ross (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Business_Like_Show_Business_(film)=There's No Business Like Show Business (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Bottom_Boat=The Glass Bottom Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doki-Doki=Doki-Doki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geeks_(film)=Geeks (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Lace=Midnight Lace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Goose_(film)=Father Goose (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cutter=The Cutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets_(film)=Duets (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_II_(1981_film)=Halloween II (1981 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_4:_The_Return_of_Michael_Myers=Halloween 4: The Return of Michael Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_5:_The_Revenge_of_Michael_Myers=Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween:_The_Curse_of_Michael_Myers=Halloween: The Curse of Michael Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_Storm=Oil Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cup-tie_Honeymoon=Cup-tie Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_World_(1939_film)=It's a Wonderful World (1939 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenandoah_(film)=Shenandoah (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Road_(film)=Glory Road (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Heard_the_Mermaids_Singing=I've Heard the Mermaids Singing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabah_(film)=Sabah (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayakan_(1987_film)=Nayakan (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disturbing_Behavior=Disturbing Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Negro_Space_Program=The Old Negro Space Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Giant=Super Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Alley_(film)=Nightmare Alley (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_for_Danger_(film)=Green for Danger (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Prince=Planet Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen.=Amen.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_City_(1987_film)=Wicked City (1987 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flightplan=Flightplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Bamboo=House of Bamboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Desert=The Painted Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Came_from_Outer_Space=It Came from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannery_Row_(film)=Cannery Row (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice,_Sweet_Alice=Alice, Sweet Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(1977_film)=The Sentinel (1977 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Batcave:_The_Misadventures_of_Adam_and_Burt=Return to the Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Inframan=The Super Inframan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Stranger_Calls_(1979_film)=When a Stranger Calls (1979 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Peking_Man=The Mighty Peking Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealth_(film)=Stealth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_a_Monster_(2001_film)=How to Make a Monster (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housesitter=Housesitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Black_Lace=Blood and Black Lace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annamayya_(film)=Annamayya (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_IV:_The_Beginning=Psycho IV: The Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odin:_Photon_Sailer_Starlight=Odin: Photon Sailer Starlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Trail=The Big Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcons_(film)=Falcons (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Fever=Cold Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_Open_City=Rome, Open City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umberto_D.=Umberto D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Close_&_Personal=Up Close & Personal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu's_Most_Wanted=Malibu's Most Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Wolves=Clash of the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughters_of_the_Dust=Daughters of the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Young=2 Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humor_Risk=Humor Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Madness=A Fine Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Five_in_the_Afternoon=At Five in the Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reaping=The Reaping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Falls_(miniseries)=Empire Falls (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_and_the_Gladiators=Demetrius and the Gladiators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Genesis_Evangelion:_Death_&_Rebirth=Neon Genesis Evangelion: Death & Rebirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Robinsons=Meet the Robinsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolt_(2008_film)=Bolt (2008 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Call_Me_Mister_Tibbs!=They Call Me Mister Tibbs!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenfish=Frankenfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_with_No_Name=The Street with No Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Barbara_(film)=Major Barbara (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krrish=Krrish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Can't_Help_It=The Girl Can't Help It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Wives_Club=The First Wives Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Jade_Scorpion=The Curse of the Jade Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Blonde=The Real Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperately_Seeking_Susan=Desperately Seeking Susan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Face_in_the_Crowd_(film)=A Face in the Crowd (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodysong=Bodysong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supervixens=Supervixens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Naam=Tere Naam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Geese=The Wild Geese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Law_Cabin=Common Law Cabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_and..._Goodbye!=Good Morning and... Goodbye!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Dawn=Savage Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up!_(1976_film)=Up! (1976 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Night_(film)=Into the Night (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_(1995_film)=Safe (1995 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_40-Year-Old_Virgin=The 40-Year-Old Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_III=Mission: Impossible III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Wolves=The Sea Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Horseman=The Electric Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionicle_3:_Web_of_Shadows=Bionicle 3: Web of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Collector=The Bone Collector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroaded!=Railroaded!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tail_Lights_Fade=Tail Lights Fade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_Will_Not_Be_Televised_(film)=The Revolution Will Not Be Televised (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Box=The Wrong Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Bionicle_media=List of Bionicle media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesty_Anderson,_USN=Chesty Anderson, USN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passionada=Passionada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Moons=13 Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porn_Star:_The_Legend_of_Ron_Jeremy=Porn Star: The Legend of Ron Jeremy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Empire_(film)=Inland Empire (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_of_Yucca_Flats=The Beast of Yucca Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Snaps_Back=Ginger Snaps Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawing_Restraint_9=Drawing Restraint 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inseminoid=Inseminoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_The_Last_Stand=X-Men: The Last Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Ever_Happened_to_Baby_Jane%3F_(1991_film)=What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? (1991 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaedra_(film)=Phaedra (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kounterfeit=Kounterfeit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Called_Flintstone=The Man Called Flintstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seems_Like_Old_Times_(film)=Seems Like Old Times (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belly_(film)=Belly (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Brothers=Rocket Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_Point=Match Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ju-on:_The_Grudge=Ju-on: The Grudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bat_(1959_film)=The Bat (1959 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_My_Face_(film)=The Man with My Face (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_Has_Risen_from_the_Grave=Dracula Has Risen from the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein_Must_Be_Destroyed=Frankenstein Must Be Destroyed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ignorant_Fairies=The Ignorant Fairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_of_Day=Light of Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Davidson_and_the_Marlboro_Man=Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Harvard=Stealing Harvard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_St._Louis_Bank_Robbery=The Great St. Louis Bank Robbery