http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Tarkovsky=Andrei Tarkovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Korzybski=Alfred Korzybski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila=Attila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock=Alfred Hitchcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Nobel=Alfred Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Graham_Bell=Alexander Graham Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Kurosawa=Akira Kurosawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arne_Kaijser=Arne Kaijser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Toffler=Alvin Toffler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Speer=Albert Speer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Lovelace=Ada Lovelace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatoly_Karpov=Anatoly Karpov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristophanes=Aristophanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avicenna=Avicenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleister_Crowley=Aleister Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoninus_Pius=Antoninus Pius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Lawson=Alfred Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrose=Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalaric=Amalaric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Bronson_Alcott=Amos Bronson Alcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Vivaldi=Antonio Vivaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_de_Lille=Alain de Lille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_of_Mainz=Albert of Mainz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agathon=Agathon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Emanuel_Agassiz=Alexander Emanuel Agassiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Agliardi=Antonio Agliardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agesilaus_II=Agesilaus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimoin=Aimoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaric_II=Alaric II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcaeus_of_Mytilene=Alcaeus of Mytilene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcamenes=Alcamenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alboin=Alboin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afonso_de_Albuquerque=Afonso de Albuquerque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Balas=Alexander Balas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Pherae=Alexander of Pherae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Severus=Alexander Severus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Aetolus=Alexander Aetolus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_(poet)=Alexis (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexios_I_Komnenos=Alexios I Komnenos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Jackson=Andrew Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Johnson=Andrew Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alypius_of_Antioch=Alypius of Antioch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyattes_of_Lydia=Alyattes of Lydia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalric_of_Bena=Amalric of Bena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amara_Sinha=Amara Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_II_of_Asturias=Alfonso II of Asturias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_the_Battler=Alfonso the Battler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amasis_II=Amasis II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Ambros=August Wilhelm Ambros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_of_Beverley=Alfred of Beverley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autpert_Ambrose=Autpert Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonius_Hermiae=Ammonius Hermiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amyntas_III_of_Macedon=Amyntas III of Macedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaximenes_of_Lampsacus=Anaximenes of Lampsacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Anderson_(mathematician)=Alexander Anderson (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Andreani=Andrea Andreani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andocides=Andocides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammianus_Marcellinus=Ammianus Marcellinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apuleius=Apuleius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Selkirk=Alexander Selkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amitabh_Bachchan=Amitabh Bachchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthemius_of_Tralles=Anthemius of Tralles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absalon=Absalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse,_Count_of_Poitiers=Alphonse, Count of Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Jordan=Alfonso Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambroise=Ambroise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adhemar_of_Le_Puy=Adhemar of Le Puy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Carnegie=Andrew Carnegie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Capellanus=Andreas Capellanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Alciato=Andrea Alciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Tasman=Abel Tasman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeschylus=Aeschylus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Horch=August Horch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerigo_Vespucci=Amerigo Vespucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Tridgell=Andrew Tridgell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaliyah=Aaliyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdulaziz_al-Omari=Abdulaziz al-Omari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Salieri=Antonio Salieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Diabelli=Anton Diabelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Hill=Anita Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfonso_Leng=Alfonso Leng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Hopwood=Avery Hopwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Felix_II=Antipope Felix II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alessandro_Scarlatti=Alessandro Scarlatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreas_Aagesen=Andreas Aagesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akio_Morita=Akio Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardal_O'Hanlon=Ardal O'Hanlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Hopkins=Anthony Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alban_Berg=Alban Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Altdorfer=Albrecht Altdorfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agostino_Carracci=Agostino Carracci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_of_Bremen=Adam of Bremen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Phillip=Arthur Phillip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Mari=Abba Mari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbot_(bishop)=George Abbot (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aedesius=Aedesius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_St._Clair=Arthur St. Clair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Arika=Abba Arika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbahu=Abbahu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_al-Latif_al-Baghdadi_(medieval_writer)=Abd al-Latif al-Baghdadi (medieval writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abd_ar-Rahman_IV=Abd ar-Rahman IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_J._Stone=Arthur J. Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Carolla=Adam Carolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelbert_Cuyp=Aelbert Cuyp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aron_Nimzowitsch=Aron Nimzowitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Joshua_Heschel=Abraham Joshua Heschel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Hesser=Amanda Hesser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_of_Hales=Alexander of Hales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustine_of_Canterbury=Augustine of Canterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agner_Krarup_Erlang=Agner Krarup Erlang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Sharon=Ariel Sharon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Lamo=Adrian Lamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Druyan=Ann Druyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexey_Pajitnov=Alexey Pajitnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_al-Faraj_al-Isfahani=Abu al-Faraj al-Isfahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Capp=Al Capp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Brooks=Albert Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Vincent=Angela Vincent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akira_Toriyama=Akira Toriyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Zubaydah=Abu Zubaydah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Sax=Adolphe Sax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adin_Steinsaltz=Adin Steinsaltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_al-Haznawi=Ahmed al-Haznawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_al-Nami=Ahmed al-Nami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_Spears=Britney Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gautama_Buddha=Gautama Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Gates=Bill Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Thackeray=Bal Thackeray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bille_August=Bille August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Spencer=Bud Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigitte_Bardot=Brigitte Bardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Perens=Bruce Perens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Watterson=Bill Watterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckminster_Fuller=Buckminster Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrand_Andrieu=Bertrand Andrieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeo_Ammannati=Bartolomeo Ammannati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Danner=Blythe Danner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Atkinson=Bill Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Schelter=Bill Schelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Berenson=Berry Berenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Olson=Barbara Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardino_Ochino=Bernardino Ochino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_De_Palma=Brian De Palma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodhidharma=Bodhidharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Frankston=Bob Frankston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bob_Thornton=Billy Bob Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudica=Boudica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Lancaster=Burt Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbeard=Blackbeard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Selig=Bud Selig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burhanuddin_Rabbani=Burhanuddin Rabbani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Oddie=Bill Oddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Holbrook=Bill Holbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Campbell=Bruce Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Young_(businessman)=Bob Young (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Macy=Bill Macy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Costas=Bob Costas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Mumy=Bill Mumy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Bubbles=Barney Bubbles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bixby=Bill Bixby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Lugosi=Bela Lugosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young=Brigham Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlize_Theron=Charlize Theron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chaplin=Charlie Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Columbus=Christopher Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_David_Friedrich=Caspar David Friedrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Love=Courtney Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catullus=Catullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_Attlee=Clement Attlee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Charles=Craig Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tupper=Charles Tupper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_and_Hobbes=Calvin and Hobbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Ludwig_Agricola=Christoph Ludwig Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_B._DeMille=Cecil B. DeMille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_von_Tischendorf=Constantin von Tischendorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Ancillon=Charles Ancillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Ashton_Smith=Clark Ashton Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudio_Monteverdi=Claudio Monteverdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Baxter_(author)=Charles Baxter (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Debussy=Claude Debussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolyn_Beug=Carolyn Beug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clement_Martyn_Doke=Clement Martyn Doke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Meinhof=Carl Meinhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Farrar_Browne=Charles Farrar Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Proteus_Steinmetz=Charles Proteus Steinmetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Monet=Claude Monet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_McCarry=Charles McCarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_Sluter=Claus Sluter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Tombaugh=Clyde Tombaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_of_Oliva=Christian of Oliva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Marker=Chris Marker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_II=Constantius II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Kapp=Colin Kapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimabue=Cimabue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caitlin_Clarke=Caitlin Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Mather=Cotton Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordwainer_Smith=Cordwainer Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kidd=William Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Evers=Charles Evers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Sarandon=Chris Sarandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Elwes=Cary Elwes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Guest=Christopher Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Kane=Carol Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_d'Abancour=Charles d'Abancour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudius_Aelianus=Claudius Aelianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_II_(emperor)=Constantine II (emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrado_Gini=Corrado Gini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_the_Great=Constantine the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Anderson=Clive Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calista_Flockhart=Calista Flockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Evans_Hughes=Charles Evans Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaim_Topol=Chaim Topol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Alexander=Christopher Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Eastman=Crystal Eastman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_de_Pizan=Christine de Pizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Brown=Clarence Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Piron=Claude Piron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Petacci=Clara Petacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_Hall=Camilla Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Criswell=The Amazing Criswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._W._Griffith=D. W. Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Barrymore=Drew Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cronenberg=David Cronenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lynch=David Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Thompson_(explorer)=David Thompson (explorer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fincher=David Fincher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dre=Dr. Dre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Grohl=Dave Grohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Morris=Desmond Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Alberti=Domenico Alberti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Day=Doris Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delroy_Lindo=Delroy Lindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Janssen=David Janssen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Almagro=Diego de Almagro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Elfman=Danny Elfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Hayes_Agnew=David Hayes Agnew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diedrich_Hermann_Westermann=Diedrich Hermann Westermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Angell=David Angell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_Schultz=Dwight Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwight_L._Moody=Dwight L. Moody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draco_(lawgiver)=Draco (lawgiver)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Wellesley,_1st_Duke_of_Wellington=Arthur Wellesley, 1st Duke of Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitri_Shostakovich=Dmitri Shostakovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocletian=Diocletian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Donaldson_(activist)=Stephen Donaldson (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Jones_(phonetician)=Daniel Jones (phonetician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dava_Sobel=Dava Sobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Winer=Dave Winer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Benedict=Dirk Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desi_Arnaz=Desi Arnaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Hopper=Dennis Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Bowie=David Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._B._Cooper=D. B. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domitius_Afer=Domitius Afer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Abercromby=David Abercromby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysius_Thrax=Dionysius Thrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziga_Vertov=Dziga Vertov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Huffman=David Huffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunstan=Dunstan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Kaye=Danny Kaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Plato=Dana Plato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Thomas_(businessperson)=Dave Thomas (businessperson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diophantus=Diophantus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Tennant=Don Tennant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Kamen=Dean Kamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Fuller=Dolores Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Campbell=Donald Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Darwin=Erasmus Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_Presley=Elvis Presley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errol_Morris=Errol Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hemingway=Ernest Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_S._Raymond=Eric S. Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edvard_Grieg=Edvard Grieg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._E._Cummings=E. E. Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einhard=Einhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasmus_Alberus=Erasmus Alberus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_Amort=Eusebius Amort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Phillpotts=Eden Phillpotts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._B._White=E. B. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Brockovich=Erin Brockovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euripides=Euripides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennius=Ennius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._E._Smith=E. E. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah=Elijah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eubulides=Eubulides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Sullivan=Ed Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Satie=Erik Satie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Ximenes=Ettore Ximenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Gracen=Elizabeth Gracen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Elgar=Edward Elgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Abbott_Abbott=Edwin Abbott Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Abbott=Emma Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Abbot=Ezra Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Boudinot=Elias Boudinot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_de_Vere,_17th_Earl_of_Oxford=Edward de Vere, 17th Earl of Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Alexandria=Eusebius of Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Angers=Eusebius of Angers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius=Eusebius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eusebius_of_Nicomedia=Eusebius of Nicomedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirohito=Hirohito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbridge_Gerry=Elbridge Gerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Howard_Armstrong=Edwin Howard Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_van_Langen=Ellen van Langen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cheney=Eric Cheney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Bulwer-Lytton=Edward Bulwer-Lytton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_Arden=Eve Arden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Heizei=Emperor Heizei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyssa_Davalos=Elyssa Davalos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduardo_Blasco_Ferrer=Eduardo Blasco Ferrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Wallach=Eli Wallach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Wood=Ed Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Ford_Coppola=Francis Ford Coppola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Kafka=Franz Kafka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM-2030=FM-2030
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Scott_Key=Francis Scott Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_Wray=Fay Wray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Hoyle=Fred Hoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Algarotti=Francesco Algarotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Andreini=Francesco Andreini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Douglass=Frederick Douglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabritio_Caroso=Fabritio Caroso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Copleston=Frederick Copleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Sinatra=Frank Sinatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Taglioni=Fabio Taglioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Capra=Frank Capra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fra_Bartolomeo=Fra Bartolomeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_van_Aarssens=Francis van Aarssens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Drake=Francis Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Savage=Fred Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Abington=Frances Abington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_I_Sforza=Francesco I Sforza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Lang=Fritz Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_J._Schaffner=Franklin J. Schaffner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Boas=Franz Boas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Heineken=Freddy Heineken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Singer=Fred Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_J_Ackerman=Forrest J Ackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Schmidt=Franz Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federico_Fellini=Federico Fellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridtjof_Nansen=Fridtjof Nansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lucas=George Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Kelly=Gene Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Coleman=Gary Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustave_Eiffel=Gustave Eiffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Cesbron=Gilbert Cesbron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen=Galen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Trudeau=Garry Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioachino_Rossini=Gioachino Rossini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_Aichinger=Gregor Aichinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Alberoni=Giulio Alberoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galeazzo_Alessi=Galeazzo Alessi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girolamo_Aleandro=Girolamo Aleandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giulio_Alenio=Giulio Alenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregorio_Allegri=Gregorio Allegri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_d'Andrea=Giovanni d'Andrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Schroeder=Gerald Schroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Peppard=George Peppard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Hackman=Gene Hackman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Stephenson=George Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_North_(economist)=Gary North (economist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Rietveld=Gerrit Rietveld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallienus=Gallienus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Fawkes=Guy Fawkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Kildall=Gary Kildall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Puccini=Giacomo Puccini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cukor=George Cukor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pierluigi_da_Palestrina=Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frideric_Handel=George Frideric Handel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_MacLeod=Gavin MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Hengeveld=Gerard Hengeveld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_Chaucer=Geoffrey Chaucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Gardner_(Wiccan)=Gerald Gardner (Wiccan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigori_Rasputin=Grigori Rasputin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Radbruch=Gustav Radbruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garry_Kasparov=Garry Kasparov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbot_(author)=George Abbot (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Vancouver=George Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Robert_Aberigh-Mackay=George Robert Aberigh-Mackay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Hamilton-Gordon,_4th_Earl_of_Aberdeen=George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Gary_Powers=Francis Gary Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grigory_Barenblatt=Grigory Barenblatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giordano_Bruno=Giordano Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasparo_Contarini=Gasparo Contarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Verdi=Giuseppe Verdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Carver=George Washington Carver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavrilo_Princip=Gavrilo Princip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_S._Kaufman=George S. Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Chapman=Graham Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Busey=Gary Busey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Michael_Woolvett=Gordon Michael Woolvett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Philipp_Telemann=Georg Philipp Telemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gershwin=George Gershwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Goren=Charles Goren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Frederick,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach=George Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgamesh=Gilgamesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Roddenberry=Gene Roddenberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hawks=Howard Hawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mayhew=Henry Mayhew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford=Henry Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horace_Engdahl=Horace Engdahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Tveit_Alvestrand=Harald Tveit Alvestrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Gerhard_Creutzfeldt=Hans Gerhard Creutzfeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippocrates=Hippocrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bordeaux=Henry Bordeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodotus=Herodotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_de_Garis=Hugo de Garis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huldrych_Zwingli=Huldrych Zwingli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipparchus=Hipparchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadrian=Hadrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ainsworth=Henry Ainsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans-Dietrich_Genscher=Hans-Dietrich Genscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesiod=Hesiod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._Giger=H. R. Giger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_Berry=Halle Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Chopin=Henri Chopin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilaire_Rouelle=Hilaire Rouelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Holt=Harold Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_J._Heinz=Henry J. Heinz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hani_Hanjour=Hani Hanjour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Heath_Robinson=W. Heath Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal=Hannibal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraclius=Heraclius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Hollerith=Herman Hollerith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Hamlin=Hannibal Hamlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Kushner=Harold Kushner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Gandy=Helen Gandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Secombe=Harry Secombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humphrey_Bogart=Humphrey Bogart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Binning=Hugh Binning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Home,_Lord_Kames=Henry Home, Lord Kames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_Avercamp=Hendrick Avercamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes=Howard Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Purcell=Henry Purcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmann_Schedel=Hartmann Schedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Abeken=Heinrich Abeken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bruce,_1st_Baron_Aberdare=Henry Bruce, 1st Baron Aberdare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Hefner=Hugh Hefner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Shearer=Harry Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammurabi=Hammurabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Charles_Bosman=Herman Charles Bosman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huneric=Huneric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Fargo=Heather Fargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kroto=Harry Kroto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irina_Krush=Irina Krush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izabella_Scorupco=Izabella Scorupco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingmar_Bergman=Ingmar Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Murdock=Ian Murdock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Ambrose=Isaac Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ictinus=Ictinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivo_Caprino=Ivo Caprino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Bonewits=Isaac Bonewits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismail_Khan=Ismail Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_Battuta=Ibn Battuta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Abendana=Isaac Abendana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_McKellen=Ian McKellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Klein=Isaac Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_d'Este=Isabella d'Este
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibn_al-Shaykh_al-Libi=Ibn al-Shaykh al-Libi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Stern=Isaac Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Woo=John Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Jackson=Joshua Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Joyce=James Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cameron=James Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Baskerville=John Baskerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cook=James Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jacob_Astor=John Jacob Astor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wyndham=John Wyndham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Quincy_Adams=John Quincy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Berglin=Jan Berglin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Mayol=Jacques Mayol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Gutenberg=Johannes Gutenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josef_Terboven=Josef Terboven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_K._Reynolds=Joyce K. Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jarmusch=Jim Jarmusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coen_brothers=Coen brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Austen=Jane Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lemmon=Jack Lemmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Cocteau=Jean Cocteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lennon=John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cleese=John Cleese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judah_the_Prince=Judah the Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Graves_Simcoe=John Graves Simcoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wilkes_Booth=John Wilkes Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Calvin=John Calvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Newton=John Newton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_L._Chalker=Jack L. Chalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Madison=James Madison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Agricola=Johann Friedrich Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Abbadie=Jakob Abbadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Agricola=Johannes Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Georg_Albrechtsberger=Johann Georg Albrechtsberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Alden=John Alden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_K._Polk=James K. Polk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Heinrich_Alsted=Johann Heinrich Alsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Joseph_Marie_Amiot=Jean Joseph Marie Amiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Anatoli=Jacob Anatoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Severn=Joseph Severn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Demme=Jonathan Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Cagney=James Cagney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hagelin=John Hagelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Whale=James Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Karon=Jan Karon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Haydn=Joseph Haydn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Reno=Janet Reno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sayles=John Sayles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Haynes=Johnny Haynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Spader=James Spader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Wayne=John Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Butler_Yeats=Jack Butler Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Meades=Jonathan Meades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Engler=John Engler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez=Jennifer Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Shore=Jane Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gurney_Cannon=Joseph Gurney Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Tobias_Krebs=Johann Tobias Krebs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris_Ivens=Joris Ivens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Cotten=Joseph Cotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Kern=Jerome Kern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson=Jim Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Bakker=Jim Bakker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Fink=John Fink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cousteau=Jacques Cousteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_von_Werth=Johann von Werth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Ruby=Jack Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cade=John Cade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stewart=James Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Randi=James Randi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josiah_Wedgwood=Josiah Wedgwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_III_Frederick,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Joachim III Frederick, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sigismund,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=John Sigismund, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_(emperor)=Julian (emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Callot=Jacques Callot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dowland=John Dowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_James_Audubon=John James Audubon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Brahms=Johannes Brahms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulting_brothers=Boulting brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Endersch=Johann Friedrich Endersch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frankenheimer=John Frankenheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Jellicoe,_1st_Earl_Jellicoe=John Jellicoe, 1st Earl Jellicoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stevens_Cabot_Abbott=John Stevens Cabot Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanson=John Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Philipp_Abelin=Johann Philipp Abelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Abendana=Jacob Abendana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abercrombie_(physician)=John Abercrombie (physician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hamilton,_1st_Earl_of_Abercorn=James Hamilton, 1st Earl of Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abernethy_(surgeon)=John Abernethy (surgeon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Goyen=Jan van Goyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Tetzel=Johann Tetzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justus=Justus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Scarlett,_1st_Baron_Abinger=James Scarlett, 1st Baron Abinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumi=Rumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joachim_I_Nestor,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Joachim I Nestor, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Neusner=Jacob Neusner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Richard=Jean Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japheth=Japheth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ashcroft=John Ashcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Jaynes=Julian Jaynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Orton=Joe Orton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Alexander=Jason Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joel_Marangella=Joel Marangella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Borukowski=Jan Borukowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephus=Josephus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Falwell=Jerry Falwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_(composer)=John Adams (composer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sutter=John Sutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Voight=Jon Voight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Callet=Jerome Callet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Homann=Johann Homann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Akii-Bua=John Akii-Bua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_L._Jones=James L. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Roberts=Julia Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Weissmuller=Johnny Weissmuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kirby=Jack Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Stauber=John Stauber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_P._Hogan_(writer)=James P. Hogan (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Flynn_(academic)=Jim Flynn (academic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hay=John Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmuheen=Jasmuheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keanu_Reeves=Keanu Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Cobain=Kurt Cobain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kul_Tigin=Kul Tigin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinky_Friedman=Kinky Friedman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_MacLachlan=Kyle MacLachlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Spacey=Kevin Spacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Friedrich_Abel=Carl Friedrich Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Andree=Karl Andree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callicrates=Callicrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Bacon=Kevin Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalid_al-Mihdhar=Khalid al-Mihdhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_van_het_Reve=Karel van het Reve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon_Ichikawa=Kon Ichikawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kia_Asamiya=Kia Asamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Loach=Ken Loach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_Minogue=Kylie Minogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabir_Bedi=Kabir Bedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaj_Munk=Kaj Munk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Philby=Kim Philby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenji_Sahara=Kenji Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiyoshi_Atsumi=Kiyoshi Atsumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._W._Jeter=K. W. Jeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Redfield_Jamison=Kay Redfield Jamison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey_Grammer=Kelsey Grammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson=Kit Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipchoge_Keino=Kipchoge Keino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Jane_Olson=Sara Jane Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Parry=James Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gustav_Ahlefeldt=Karl Gustav Ahlefeldt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Milford=Kim Milford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspar_Schwenckfeld=Caspar Schwenckfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Kesey=Ken Kesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlheinz_Stockhausen=Karlheinz Stockhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koo_Stark=Koo Stark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzysztof_Penderecki=Krzysztof Penderecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakinomoto_no_Hitomaro=Kakinomoto no Hitomaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiki_Kaifu=Toshiki Kaifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandi_Alexander=Khandi Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katina_Paxinou=Katina Paxinou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_MacLean=Katherine MacLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khwaja_Ahmad_Abbas=Khwaja Ahmad Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konrad_Emil_Bloch=Konrad Emil Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Amadeus_Hartmann=Karl Amadeus Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Maria_Brandauer=Klaus Maria Brandauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly_Beck=Kimberly Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsten_Dunst=Kirsten Dunst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Kain=Karen Kain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Caron=Leslie Caron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Wall=Larry Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bush=Laura Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leni_Riefenstahl=Leni Riefenstahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linus_Torvalds=Linus Torvalds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Harvey_Oswald=Lee Harvey Oswald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_Magnus_Ericsson=Lars Magnus Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Ron_Hubbard=L. Ron Hubbard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_van_Beethoven=Ludwig van Beethoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lars_von_Trier=Lars von Trier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Graham=Lola Graham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibonacci=Fibonacci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Alamanni=Luigi Alamanni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Aleman=Louis Aleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Tarquinius_Priscus=Lucius Tarquinius Priscus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Tarquinius_Superbus=Lucius Tarquinius Superbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bloomfield=Leonard Bloomfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci=Leonardo da Vinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._L._Zamenhof=L. L. Zamenhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Andriessen=Louis Andriessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeRoy_Homer,_Jr.=LeRoy Homer, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Peltier=Leonard Peltier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lev_Kuleshov=Lev Kuleshov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamorna_Birch=Lamorna Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lactantius=Lactantius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszek_Miller=Leszek Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_von_Sacher-Masoch=Leopold von Sacher-Masoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Marvin=Lee Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Anderson=Lindsay Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Marks=Leo Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucius_Afranius_(poet)=Lucius Afranius (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyman_Abbott=Lyman Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luca_Pacioli=Luca Pacioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Ginzberg=Louis Ginzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Smeeton=Jonathan Smeeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_de'_Medici=Lorenzo de' Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucrezia_Borgia=Lucrezia Borgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Bertram=Laura Bertram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Ferrigno=Lou Ferrigno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurens_Janszoon_Coster=Laurens Janszoon Coster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Van_Cleef=Lee Van Cleef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_Ullmann=Liv Ullmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Sennett=Mack Sennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Pickford=Mary Pickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Downey,_Jr.=Morton Downey, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Groening=Matt Groening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad=Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Achard=Marcel Achard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._T=Mr. T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Scorsese=Martin Scorsese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaki_Kobayashi=Masaki Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Reagan=Michael Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Monroe=Marilyn Monroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo=Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matteo_Carcassi=Matteo Carcassi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahatma_Gandhi=Mahatma Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyn_Peake=Mervyn Peake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariah_Carey=Mariah Carey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Kalashnikov=Mikhail Kalashnikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Mann_(director)=Michael Mann (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses=Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Mead=Margaret Mead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Palin=Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Bloch=Marc Bloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Steiner=Max Steiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Polanyi=Michael Polanyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Agricola=Martin Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_August_Zorn=Max August Zorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Vipsanius_Agrippa=Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Amyraut=Moses Amyraut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Maecenas=Gaius Maecenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Claudius_Tacitus=Marcus Claudius Tacitus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Foot=Michael Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Wollstonecraft=Mary Wollstonecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhuri_Dixit=Madhuri Dixit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majed_Moqed=Majed Moqed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlon_Brando=Marlon Brando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Bingham=Mark Bingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Lewinsky=Monica Lewinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad_ibn_Abd_al-Wahhab=Muhammad ibn Abd al-Wahhab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoma_Morita=Shoma Morita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Al-Fayed=Mohamed Al-Fayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_King,_Jr.=Martin Luther King, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marv_Albert=Marv Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroboduus=Maroboduus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Muuss=Mike Muuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_of_Tuscany=Matilda of Tuscany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_Richardson=Miranda Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meir_Kahane=Meir Kahane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marietta_Alboni=Marietta Alboni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Murray=Margaret Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Brooks=Mel Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Fowler=Martin Fowler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayao_Miyazaki=Hayao Miyazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bentine=Michael Bentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcello_Malpighi=Marcello Malpighi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_Atta=Mohamed Atta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandy_Patinkin=Mandy Patinkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Freeman=Morgan Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Michinaga=Fujiwara no Michinaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Queen_of_Scots=Mary, Queen of Scots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_Amy_Sweeney=Madeline Amy Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrinus=Macrinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilde_Roth_Schechter=Mathilde Roth Schechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Kaplan=Mordecai Kaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Sanger=Margaret Sanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellitus=Mellitus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Icaza=Miguel de Icaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menachem_Begin=Menachem Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_X=Malcolm X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Remey=Mason Remey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Tyler_Moore=Mary Tyler Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Rust=Mathias Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Tremblay=Michel Tremblay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Helwig=Martin Helwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Proust=Marcel Proust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michele_Columbu=Michele Columbu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Berlinguer=Mario Berlinguer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Cage=Nicolas Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Reagan=Nancy Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lemann=Nicholas Lemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicanor_Parra=Nicanor Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_MacMillan=Norma MacMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Tesla=Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicole_Kidman=Nicole Kidman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolaus_von_Amsdorf=Nicolaus von Amsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_Webster=Noah Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostradamus=Nostradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawaf_al-Hazmi=Nawaf al-Hazmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_Takeuchi=Naoko Takeuchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahum=Nahum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastassja_Kinski=Nastassja Kinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninon_de_l'Enclos=Ninon de l'Enclos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Hackerman=Norman Hackerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Simon=Neil Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawal_El_Moutawakel=Nawal El Moutawakel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagarjuna=Nagarjuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles=Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden_Nash=Ogden Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osama_bin_Laden=Osama bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obelix=Obelix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Letelier=Orlando Letelier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origen=Origen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Jespersen=Otto Jespersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Cohen_(mathematician)=Paul Cohen (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Anderson=Pamela Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Robeson=Paul Robeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nilson=Peter Nilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Vixie=Paul Vixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piri_Reis=Piri Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Allen=Paul Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Zimmermann=Phil Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Franz_von_Siebold=Philipp Franz von Siebold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Cook=Peter Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poul_Anderson=Poul Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Falk=Peter Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_the_Deacon=Paul the Deacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavel_Samuilovich_Urysohn=Pavel Samuilovich Urysohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Agostino=Paolo Agostino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXIII=Pope John XXIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Allix=Pierre Allix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXI=Pope John XXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Honorius_II=Pope Honorius II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompey=Pompey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reubens=Paul Reubens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy=Ptolemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Boniface_VII=Antipope Boniface VII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Hearst=Phoebe Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Clement_III=Pope Clement III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plautus=Plautus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Hasselberg=Per Hasselberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Gregory_VIII=Pope Gregory VIII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Guralnick=Peter Guralnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Whitehouse=Paul Whitehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol_Pot=Pol Pot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pribislav-Henry=Pribislav-Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Victor_II=Pope Victor II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Victor_III=Pope Victor III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_J._McAuley=Paul J. McAuley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Innocent_III=Pope Innocent III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyotr_Ilyich_Tchaikovsky=Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plutarch=Plutarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_J._Carroll=Peter J. Carroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Glass=Philip Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Sellers=Peter Sellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Johann_Anselm_Ritter_von_Feuerbach=Paul Johann Anselm Ritter von Feuerbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Laurence_Dunbar=Paul Laurence Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Abercromby=Patrick Abercromby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Mark_Roget=Peter Mark Roget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Macnee=Patrick Macnee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Stuyvesant=Peter Stuyvesant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paavo_Nurmi=Paavo Nurmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patricia_Soltysik=Patricia Soltysik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinuccio_Sciola=Pinuccio Sciola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Tarantino=Quentin Tarantino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Byrd=Robert Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Limbaugh=Rush Limbaugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Polanski=Roman Polanski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_J._Flaherty=Robert J. Flaherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Reagan=Ronald Reagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Wagner=Richard Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Scott=Ridley Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Rodriguez=Robert Rodriguez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Falcon_Scott=Robert Falcon Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Nader=Ralph Nader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Crowe=Russell Crowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Chapman_Andrews=Roy Chapman Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Casement=Roger Casement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romulus_Augustulus=Romulus Augustulus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Freitas=Robert Freitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Noyce=Robert Noyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stickgold=Robert Stickgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rube_Goldberg=Rube Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Menzies=Robert Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodolphus_Agricola=Rodolphus Agricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Gordon=Ruth Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bacon=Roger Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Kurzweil=Ray Kurzweil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Garfield=Richard Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Diesel=Rudolf Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Murdoch=Rupert Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehavam_Ze'evi=Rehavam Ze'evi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fulton=Robert Fulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Popeil=Ron Popeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Cudworth=Ralph Cudworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_Kirby=Josh Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Amundsen=Roald Amundsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Lovelace=Richard Lovelace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruhollah_Khomeini=Ruhollah Khomeini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Lackey=Ryan Lackey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Askin=Robert Askin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Reiner=Rob Reiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Wright=Robin Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Abbot_(theologian)=Robert Abbot (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gordis=Robert Gordis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Lardner=Ring Lardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Parr=Robert Parr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Ingram_(director)=Rex Ingram (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Parks=Rosa Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_of_Saint_Victor=Richard of Saint Victor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhys_ap_Gruffydd=Rhys ap Gruffydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romano_Mussolini=Romano Mussolini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Benedict=Ruth Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurik=Rurik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashi=Rashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Siodmak=Robert Siodmak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Moog=Robert Moog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Elizabeth=Shannon Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Kubrick=Stanley Kubrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Connery=Sean Connery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Butler_(poet)=Samuel Butler (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Reich=Steve Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Lee=Spike Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Jonze=Spike Jonze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Spielberg=Steven Spielberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophocles=Sophocles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Morse=Samuel Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Crocker=Steve Crocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Soderbergh=Steven Soderbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soad_Hosny=Soad Hosny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Michelle_Gellar=Sarah Michelle Gellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Milgram=Stanley Milgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Qian=Sima Qian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Peckinpah=Sam Peckinpah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Bono=Sonny Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Prokofiev=Sergei Prokofiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salma_Hayek=Salma Hayek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_bar_Kokhba=Simon bar Kokhba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappho=Sappho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Pepys=Samuel Pepys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorious_Samura=Sorious Samura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Wozniak=Steve Wozniak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Julius_Africanus=Sextus Julius Africanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_R._Lawhead=Stephen R. Lawhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servius_Tullius=Servius Tullius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_B._Anthony=Susan B. Anthony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_Sayer=Sylvia Sayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijackers_in_the_September_11_attacks=Hijackers in the September 11 attacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_al-Hazmi=Salem al-Hazmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Ockley=Simon Ockley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Kelly-Bootle=Stan Kelly-Bootle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Biko=Steve Biko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Eisenstein=Sergei Eisenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Diaghilev=Sergei Diaghilev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soong_May-ling=Soong May-ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Raimi=Sam Raimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Faludi=Susan Faludi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screaming_Lord_Sutch=Screaming Lord Sutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Dean=Shirley Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki=Saki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Mudd=Samuel Mudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Bracks=Steve Bracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(philologist)=William Jones (philologist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Ninian=Saint Ninian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Myung_Moon=Sun Myung Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Bachiler=Stephen Bachiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Schechter=Solomon Schechter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Northup=Solomon Northup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Loyd=Sam Loyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojourner_Truth=Sojourner Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shem=Shem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoghi_Effendi=Shoghi Effendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaul_Mofaz=Shaul Mofaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Bullock=Sandra Bullock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonja_Henie=Sonja Henie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheldon_Rampton=Sheldon Rampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeed_al-Ghamdi=Saeed al-Ghamdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulpicius_Severus=Sulpicius Severus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Ballmer=Steve Ballmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacha_Pecaric=Sacha Pecaric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffani_Thiessen=Tiffani Thiessen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Edison=Thomas Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jefferson=Thomas Jefferson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_Thompson=Titanic Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tycho_Brahe=Tycho Brahe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berners-Lee=Tim Berners-Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonyukuk=Tonyukuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lee=Tommy Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence_Hill=Terence Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Bernard=Tristan Bernard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Gilliam=Terry Gilliam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutankhamun=Tutankhamun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Turner=Ted Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cranmer=Thomas Cranmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoinot_Arbeau=Thoinot Arbeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan=Trajan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Malory=Thomas Malory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisa_Beamer=Lisa Beamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terence=Terence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nast=Thomas Nast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Judah=Theodore Judah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thucydides=Thucydides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Hare_(political_scientist)=Thomas Hare (political scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Burnett=Tom Burnett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Brackett_Reed=Thomas Brackett Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Pynchon=Thomas Pynchon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_McManus_(musician)=Tony McManus (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomaso_Albinoni=Tomaso Albinoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Leary=Timothy Leary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Trubetzkoy=Nikolai Trubetzkoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mifflin=Thomas Mifflin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tertullian=Tertullian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Vinterberg=Thomas Vinterberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Bowdler=Thomas Bowdler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Berra=Tim Berra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_McKean=Thomas McKean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur=Tupac Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thabo_Mbeki=Thabo Mbeki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_R._Marshall=Thomas R. Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._H._White=T. H. White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_J._Watson=Thomas J. Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Raimi=Ted Raimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorne_Smith=Thorne Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cruise=Tom Cruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trine_Hattestad=Trine Hattestad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Browning=Tod Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Burton=Tim Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_McVeigh=Timothy McVeigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Curry=Tim Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrich_Leman=Ulrich Leman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_De_Sica=Vittorio De Sica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valens=Valens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Alsop=Vincent Alsop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitellius=Vitellius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villard_de_Honnecourt=Villard de Honnecourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincenzo_Bellini=Vincenzo Bellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vratislaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Vratislaus I, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Green=Vernon Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Foster=Vince Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Woodhull=Victoria Woodhull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_of_Aveyron=Victor of Aveyron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivien_Leigh=Vivien Leigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitruvius=Vitruvius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Ward_(director)=Vincent Ward (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Kennedy_Dickson=William Kennedy Dickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wim_Wenders=Wim Wenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Allen=Woody Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney=Walt Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Pujol_Garcia=Joan Pujol Garcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Chapman=Eddie Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barnes=William Barnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wachowskis=The Wachowskis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Cunningham=Ward Cunningham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Herzog=Werner Herzog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Amadeus_Mozart=Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfgang_Petersen=Wolfgang Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Crossing=William Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._H._Auden=W. H. Auden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris=William Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Churchill=Winston Churchill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Empson=William Empson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Lyon_Mackenzie_King=William Lyon Mackenzie King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodrow_Wilson=Woodrow Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Randolph_Hearst=William Randolph Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marsh_Rice=William Marsh Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McGonagall=William McGonagall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Gustloff=Wilhelm Gustloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._B._Yeats=W. B. Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jardine_(merchant)=William Jardine (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernher_von_Braun=Wernher von Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Seward_Burroughs_I=William Seward Burroughs I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ames=William Ames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wallace=William Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Abbot=William Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Shawn=Wallace Shawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_(archbishop_of_Mainz)=William (archbishop of Mainz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Ewart_Gladstone=William Ewart Gladstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wau_Holland=Wau Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_O'Dwyer=William O'Dwyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Houston=Whitney Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona_Ryder=Winona Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xena=Xena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunus_Emre=Yunus Emre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Virginia,_there_is_a_Santa_Claus=Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeardley_Smith=Yeardley Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiwara_no_Yoshifusa=Fujiwara no Yoshifusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoko_Ono=Yoko Ono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukihiro_Matsumoto=Yukihiro Matsumoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukinobu_Hoshino=Yukinobu Hoshino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zosimus=Zosimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziad_Jarrah=Ziad Jarrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephaniah=Zephaniah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhu_Shijie=Zhu Shijie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_He=Zheng He
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Marshall=George Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Nicks=Stevie Nicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glycerius=Glycerius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_Harding=Anita Harding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Shea=Jimmy Shea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laetitia_Casta=Laetitia Casta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._J._O'Rourke=P. J. O'Rourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dunant=Henry Dunant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Edwards=Blake Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Sue_Anderson=Melissa Sue Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moustapha_Akkad=Moustapha Akkad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuseppe_Mazzini=Giuseppe Mazzini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Hancock=Tony Hancock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Mitchell=Warren Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Reggio=Godfrey Reggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_McConnell=Steve McConnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno_of_Citium=Zeno of Citium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Gelbart=Larry Gelbart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Tubman=Harriet Tubman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_T._Washington=Booker T. Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Knox=John Knox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Richards=Denise Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Case=Stevie Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Junius_Brutus_the_Younger=Marcus Junius Brutus the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lansky=Paul Lansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Shrapnel=Henry Shrapnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Delahaye=Gilbert Delahaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel_Marlier=Marcel Marlier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Garros_(aviator)=Roland Garros (aviator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Zawinski=Jamie Zawinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutger_Hauer=Rutger Hauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Riker=William H. Riker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazio_Nuvolari=Tazio Nuvolari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hildegard_Knef=Hildegard Knef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_John_XXII=Pope John XXII
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Brennan_(engineer)=Martin Brennan (engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Tyndale=William Tyndale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Minter=Jeff Minter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquis_de_Condorcet=Marquis de Condorcet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micky_Dolenz=Micky Dolenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Mascagni=Pietro Mascagni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saverio_Mercadante=Saverio Mercadante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cilea=Francesco Cilea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Cimarosa=Domenico Cimarosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Pacini=Giovanni Pacini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaetano_Donizetti=Gaetano Donizetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruggero_Leoncavallo=Ruggero Leoncavallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Paisiello=Giovanni Paisiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawn_Fanning=Shawn Fanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Battista_Pergolesi=Giovanni Battista Pergolesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Adams=Gerry Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twyla_Tharp=Twyla Tharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Stravinsky=Igor Stravinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanford_Wilson=Lanford Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Reno=Jean Reno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Ross_(singer)=Robert Ross (singer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Shipway=George Shipway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anning=Mary Anning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Schindler=Oskar Schindler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carmack=John Carmack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Portman=Natalie Portman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eileen_Heckart=Eileen Heckart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund,_Archduke_of_Austria=Sigismund, Archduke of Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund,_Duke_of_Bavaria=Sigismund, Duke of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fastow=Andrew Fastow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Siegel=Don Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Leone=Sergio Leone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_Preminger=Otto Preminger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Boies=David Boies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_II,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Louis II, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Hackl=Georg Hackl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_the_Apostle=John the Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelangelo_Antonioni=Michelangelo Antonioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie=Goldie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Rossellini=Roberto Rossellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Grant=Cary Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Broom=Robert Broom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Randall_Truman=Harry Randall Truman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_Williams=Robbie Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._J._Mitchell=R. J. Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiro_Agnew=Spiro Agnew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schickele=Peter Schickele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_de_Champlain=Samuel de Champlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Somers=Richard Somers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Martin=Mary Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloysius_Lilius=Aloysius Lilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederic_W._H._Myers=Frederic W. H. Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipp_Melanchthon=Philipp Melanchthon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Kranzberg=Melvin Kranzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Pierce_(female_impersonator)=Charles Pierce (female impersonator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_III_Achilles,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Albrecht III Achilles, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Languet=Hubert Languet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_I,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Frederick I, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_II,_Elector_of_Brandenburg=Frederick II, Elector of Brandenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Estienne=Robert Estienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Estienne=Henri Estienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Zetterling=Mai Zetterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillian_Moller_Gilbreth=Lillian Moller Gilbreth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Logie_Baird=John Logie Baird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Appleton=Jon Appleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berengar_of_Tours=Berengar of Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Williams=Roger Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myles_Coverdale=Myles Coverdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Sousa=John Philip Sousa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_Honecker=Erich Honecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Renfrew,_Baron_Renfrew_of_Kaimsthorn=Colin Renfrew, Baron Renfrew of Kaimsthorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Rickman=Alan Rickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_K._Smith=Howard K. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Aniston=Jennifer Aniston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Priestley=Joseph Priestley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Putnam=Herbert Putnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Cermak=Anton Cermak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Byrne=Jane Byrne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Beza=Theodore Beza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janne_Lahtela=Janne Lahtela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thaw=John Thaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_Gale=Tristan Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ko_Gi-hyun=Ko Gi-hyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Whitefield=George Whitefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Furth=Harold Furth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_A._Garfield=James A. Garfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Baptiste_Point_du_Sable=Jean Baptiste Point du Sable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josip_Plemelj=Josip Plemelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Vidav=Ivan Vidav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Sochocki=Julian Sochocki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adalbert_(archbishop_of_Magdeburg)=Adalbert (archbishop of Magdeburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Curtis=Ian Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurij_Vega=Jurij Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Hamilton=Alexander Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Gagnon=Marc Gagnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viggo_Brun=Viggo Brun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luc_Besson=Luc Besson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_L._Cleave=Thomas L. Cleave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_McLoughlin=John McLoughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Bergman=Ingrid Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Pacino=Al Pacino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_Mercury=Freddie Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ousterhout=John Ousterhout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Gable=Clark Gable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lambert=Christopher Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Diaz=Cameron Diaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Reuter=Paul Reuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Eck=Johann Eck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_Hoffman=Dustin Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrid=Estrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purushottam_Laxman_Deshpande=Purushottam Laxman Deshpande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Demme=Ted Demme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_Anderson=Gillian Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Davis_Hanson=Victor Davis Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antanas_Valionis=Antanas Valionis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marien_Ngouabi=Marien Ngouabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor=Elizabeth Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Richter_(artist)=Hans Richter (artist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_K._Green=Ben K. Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopoldo_Galtieri=Leopoldo Galtieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwyneth_Paltrow=Gwyneth Paltrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bion_of_Smyrna=Bion of Smyrna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Whittle=Frank Whittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Elizabeth_Braddon=Mary Elizabeth Braddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Michael_Straczynski=J. Michael Straczynski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murasaki_Shikibu=Murasaki Shikibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaz_Bono=Chaz Bono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Marceau=Sophie Marceau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_Kazan=Elia Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philo_Farnsworth=Philo Farnsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lingard=John Lingard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunice_Kennedy_Shriver=Eunice Kennedy Shriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._Henry=O. Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Keaton=Buster Keaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Stone=Sharon Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Dembski=William A. Dembski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Judd=Ashley Judd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ava_Gardner=Ava Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_De_Mornay=Rebecca De Mornay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_O'Malley=Grace O'Malley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bernstein=Leonard Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Kelly_(journalist)=Paul Kelly (journalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Gilmore_(activist)=John Gilmore (activist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_W._Tunnicliffe=William W. Tunnicliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Stanwyck=Barbara Stanwyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katharine_Hepburn=Katharine Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Streeter=George Streeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobia=Zenobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clint_Eastwood=Clint Eastwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton=Elizabeth Cady Stanton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Drygalski=Erich von Drygalski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Barton=Clara Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Messing=Wolf Messing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelian=Aurelian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Perot=Ross Perot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Hanks=Tom Hanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsinoe_II=Arsinoe II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Chodowiecki=Daniel Chodowiecki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Daniel_Falk=Johannes Daniel Falk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Minuit=Peter Minuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Beard_Budding=Edwin Beard Budding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier=Laurence Olivier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Blazonczyk=Eddie Blazonczyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Yerkes=Charles Yerkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pullman=George Pullman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luise_Gottsched=Luise Gottsched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kenna=Michael Kenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andie_MacDowell=Andie MacDowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Altman=Robert Altman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybill_Shepherd=Cybill Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Bogdanovich=Peter Bogdanovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Wilhelm_von_Archenholz=Johann Wilhelm von Archenholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Richardson=Tony Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Quinn=Anthony Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Finney=Albert Finney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Larkin=Philip Larkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Friedrich_Struensee=Johann Friedrich Struensee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyson_Hannigan=Alyson Hannigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hudson=Henry Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Bruckner=Anton Bruckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Ford=Harrison Ford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Bodeck=Hans von Bodeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigismund_von_Herberstein=Sigismund von Herberstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_Gassman=Vittorio Gassman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwan_al-Shehhi=Marwan al-Shehhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Huston=John Huston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Dreiser=Theodore Dreiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Pound=Ezra Pound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_O'Donnell=Rosie O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelimer=Gelimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Gibson=Mel Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilderic=Hilderic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodus=Commodus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulugh_Beg=Ulugh Beg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolf_Hell=Rudolf Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bessemer=Henry Bessemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Lombard=Carole Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Cooper=Gary Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socrates_of_Constantinople=Socrates of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunderic=Gunderic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrzej_Wajda=Andrzej Wajda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoroaster=Zoroaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thora_Birch=Thora Birch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Weir=Peter Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Close=Glenn Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Loren=Sophia Loren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Fabricius=David Fabricius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_Defleur=Melvin Defleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Sturgis_McCulloch=Warren Sturgis McCulloch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Fort=Charles Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoolan_Devi=Phoolan Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Hunt=Helen Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_of_Ketton=Robert of Ketton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Mattacks=Dave Mattacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Bernhardt=Sarah Bernhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_F._Bayard=Thomas F. Bayard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Williams=Tennessee Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenico_Scarlatti=Domenico Scarlatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcangelo_Corelli=Arcangelo Corelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Kyd=Thomas Kyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_Seigner=Emmanuelle Seigner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Tate=Sharon Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_of_Tyre=William of Tyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Blanc=Mel Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_Bion=Wilfred Bion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Falcone=Giovanni Falcone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Tofano=Sergio Tofano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesare_Zavattini=Cesare Zavattini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchino_Visconti=Luchino Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuel_II_Palaiologos=Manuel II Palaiologos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidinnu=Kidinnu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Pitt=Brad Pitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Schumann=Robert Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Schubert=Franz Schubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pliny_the_Elder=Pliny the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannii_Minogue=Dannii Minogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefano_Benni=Stefano Benni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Theodore_Frelinghuysen=Frederick Theodore Frelinghuysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_White=Ryan White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Nicholas_V=Antipope Nicholas V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Major=Georg Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatian=Tatian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Schumann=Clara Schumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Muni=Paul Muni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Maria_von_Weber=Carl Maria von Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wilder=Billy Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Sullivan=Arthur Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Barthelmess=Richard Barthelmess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Byrd=William Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_McLaglen=Victor McLaglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Oliver=King Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Belmondo=Jean-Paul Belmondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_Deneuve=Catherine Deneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Valentino=Rudolph Valentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield_Scott_Stratton=Winfield Scott Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_D'Oyly_Carte=Richard D'Oyly Carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciech_Kilar=Wojciech Kilar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Ring=Kenneth Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolomeu_Dias=Bartolomeu Dias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Hari=Mata Hari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishna_Chandra_Bhattacharya=Krishna Chandra Bhattacharya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Gangadhar_Tilak=Bal Gangadhar Tilak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Mohan_Roy=Ram Mohan Roy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayananda_Saraswati=Dayananda Saraswati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvepalli_Radhakrishnan=Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Vivekananda=Swami Vivekananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_Gaynor=Janet Gaynor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Tracy=Spencer Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pim_Fortuyn=Pim Fortuyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Zapf=Hermann Zapf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Burton=Richard Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Beckham=Victoria Beckham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Crawford=Joan Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona_Nikitchenko=Iona Nikitchenko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Brandt=Karl Brandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eratosthenes=Eratosthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Heston=Charlton Heston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_Moore=Dudley Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Dobson=James Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Wolstenholme=Kenneth Wolstenholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fonda=Henry Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Berle=Milton Berle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Benigni=Roberto Benigni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkin_Warbeck=Perkin Warbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_van_Eyck=Jan van Eyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay_MacDonald=Ramsay MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Seymour_(actress)=Jane Seymour (actress)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_van_Eyck=Hubert van Eyck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catiline=Catiline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demosthenes=Demosthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Campbell_(British_Army_officer)=Duncan Campbell (British Army officer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Owens=Jesse Owens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Crapper=Thomas Crapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echion_(painter)=Echion (painter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroslav_Foglar=Jaroslav Foglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphonse_de_Polignac=Alphonse de Polignac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Novikoff=Ivan Novikoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Moussaieff_Masson=Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Celtes=Conrad Celtes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivor_Novello=Ivor Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_the_Bald=Charles the Bald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_the_Martyr=Edward the Martyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liane_Gabora=Liane Gabora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Durie=Jamie Durie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicaearchus=Dicaearchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_Hawn=Goldie Hawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Ravel=Maurice Ravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Tinsley=Marion Tinsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Hellman=Walter Hellman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Pinkerton=Allan Pinkerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders_Lewis=Saunders Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalil_el-Moumni=Khalil el-Moumni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Spring=Howard Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Giese=Albrecht Giese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Holbein_the_Younger=Hans Holbein the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Pope=Alexander Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Rossiter=Leonard Rossiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eudoxus_of_Cnidus=Eudoxus of Cnidus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Theresa=Maria Theresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Davis=Angela Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Pym=Barbara Pym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritigern=Fritigern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Abrams=Albert Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Lustig=Victor Lustig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Jones=Ernest Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Llewellyn=Richard Llewellyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hughes_(writer)=Richard Hughes (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragnar_Lodbrok=Ragnar Lodbrok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Austin=Phil Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_de_Montfort,_6th_Earl_of_Leicester=Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randal_L._Schwartz=Randal L. Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Barnes_(traffic_engineer)=Henry Barnes (traffic engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_Casals=Pablo Casals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libanius=Libanius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Gemser=Laura Gemser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Holst=Gustav Holst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajmund_Kanelba=Rajmund Kanelba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morton_Stanley=Henry Morton Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pliny_the_Younger=Pliny the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Pharcellus_Church=Francis Pharcellus Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Abercromby_(missionary)=Robert Abercromby (missionary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernhard_von_Reesen=Bernhard von Reesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbie_Hoffman=Abbie Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Sibelius=Jean Sibelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Strindberg=August Strindberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Neville,_16th_Earl_of_Warwick=Richard Neville, 16th Earl of Warwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Newman=Paul Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Aldington=Richard Aldington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_von_Guericke=Otto von Guericke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Robertson=Pat Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Jennings=Elizabeth Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_de_Nicuesa=Diego de Nicuesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomaeus_Nigrinus=Bartholomaeus Nigrinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Protmann=Regina Protmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuri_Andropov=Yuri Andropov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Bron=Eleanor Bron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmed_VI=Mehmed VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Polkinghorne=John Polkinghorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Simnel=Lambert Simnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Revere=Paul Revere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernardo_Bertolucci=Bernardo Bertolucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_van_Meegeren=Han van Meegeren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Urich=Robert Urich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Rouse=James Rouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_V._Debs=Eugene V. Debs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frederick,_Margrave_of_Brandenburg-Ansbach=John Frederick, Margrave of Brandenburg-Ansbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_J._Hill=James J. Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Clerihew_Bentley=Edmund Clerihew Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_Miranda=Carmen Miranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coluccio_Salutati=Coluccio Salutati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gian_Galeazzo_Visconti=Gian Galeazzo Visconti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Devereux,_2nd_Earl_of_Essex=Robert Devereux, 2nd Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Iulius_Vindex=Gaius Iulius Vindex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_S._Donaldson=William S. Donaldson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lapworth=Charles Lapworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dudley,_1st_Earl_of_Leicester=Robert Dudley, 1st Earl of Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Foscari=Francesco Foscari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Weill=Kurt Weill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemens_August_of_Bavaria=Clemens August of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Walsingham=Francis Walsingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Bruni=Leonardo Bruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Binge=Ronald Binge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrasamund=Thrasamund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunthamund=Gunthamund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Feldman=Marty Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Horne=Kenneth Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Copland=Aaron Copland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Hymes=Dell Hymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Anton_de_Bary=Heinrich Anton de Bary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hartnell=William Hartnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Pertwee=Jon Pertwee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Fisk=Robert Fisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Troughton=Patrick Troughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgolfier_brothers=Montgolfier brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelagius_of_Asturias=Pelagius of Asturias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Danziger=Paula Danziger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Unwin_(comedian)=Stanley Unwin (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinda_Gates=Melinda Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Cutler=Dave Cutler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Jones=Terry Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg_Ryan=Meg Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jason=David Jason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Fokker=Anthony Fokker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerian_(emperor)=Valerian (emperor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_von_Kulmbach=Hans von Kulmbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritchie_Valens=Ritchie Valens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Smith_(broadcaster)=Douglas Smith (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Marsden=Betty Marsden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Dunwoody=Martin Dunwoody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Trocchi=Alexander Trocchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_R._Impellitteri=Vincent R. Impellitteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Walker=Jimmy Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gero_von_Wilpert=Gero von Wilpert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Ussher=James Ussher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Idle=Eric Idle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Edwards_(theologian)=Jonathan Edwards (theologian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_C._Calhoun=John C. Calhoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strabo=Strabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrey_Hepburn=Audrey Hepburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carpenter=John Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Heath=Edward Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Callaghan=James Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Elton=Ben Elton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Waldo=Peter Waldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspar_Corte-Real=Gaspar Corte-Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Argerich=Martha Argerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulrike_Meinhof=Ulrike Meinhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Sand=George Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Banderas=Antonio Banderas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Chifley=Ben Chifley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_DiCaprio=Leonardo DiCaprio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Sullivan=Louis Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Winslet=Kate Winslet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashikaga_Yoshiharu=Ashikaga Yoshiharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernando_de_Soto=Hernando de Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Manilius=Marcus Manilius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandra_Levy=Chandra Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jehuda_Cresques=Jehuda Cresques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Collins=Joan Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lafitte=Jean Lafitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blaine=David Blaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Strunk,_Jr.=William Strunk, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othmar_Ammann=Othmar Ammann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Law_Olmsted=Frederick Law Olmsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Kilmer=Val Kilmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Condit=Gary Condit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goffredo_Mameli=Goffredo Mameli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costantino_Nivola=Costantino Nivola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Porter=Cole Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Houdini=Harry Houdini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Burley_Griffin=Walter Burley Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Hood=Raymond Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_Berlioz=Hector Berlioz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inayat_Khan=Inayat Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilayat_Inayat_Khan=Vilayat Inayat Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Gathmann=Louis Gathmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Rostand=Edmond Rostand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Milland=Ray Milland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_Aylward=Gladys Aylward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Lee=Christopher Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Livingstone=David Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majel_Barrett=Majel Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Nimoy=Leonard Nimoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methuselah=Methuselah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cox=Alex Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayden_Christensen=Hayden Christensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Niven=David Niven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ub_Iwerks=Ub Iwerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Weismann=Max Weismann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucan=Lucan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Connelly=Marc Connelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Loewe=Frederick Loewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Rodgers=Mary Rodgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Hart=Moss Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Deighton=Len Deighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olof_Palme=Olof Palme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Travolta=John Travolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._L._Mencken=H. L. Mencken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_L._Jackson=Samuel L. Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Miner=Jay Miner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzio_Clementi=Muzio Clementi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Lessig=Lawrence Lessig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Tucker=Preston Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Murphy=Eddie Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_B._Johnson=Lyndon B. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Keeshan=Bob Keeshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Bakula=Scott Bakula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Rennie_Mackintosh=Charles Rennie Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysander=Lysander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Arena=Tina Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Rushton=Willie Rushton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sima_Guang=Sima Guang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Lloyd_Webber=Andrew Lloyd Webber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Zaharoff=Basil Zaharoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Turner=Nat Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopi_Goldberg=Whoopi Goldberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Nielsen=Leslie Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josquin_des_Prez=Josquin des Prez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Schaeffer=Pierre Schaeffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_Binoche=Juliette Binoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Hejlsberg=Anders Hejlsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedeon_Burkhard=Gedeon Burkhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Greenaway=Peter Greenaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertha_von_Suttner=Bertha von Suttner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Kelly=R. Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwen_Verdon=Gwen Verdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Quan=Sun Quan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millicent_Fawcett=Millicent Fawcett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Whittington=Richard Whittington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dole=Bob Dole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Fish=Stanley Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Cooper=Tommy Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._M._Peyton=K. M. Peyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukito_Kishiro=Yukito Kishiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Evans_(computer_scientist)=Christopher Evans (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Sinclair=Clive Sinclair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoffrey_of_Monmouth=Geoffrey of Monmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Inglis_Clark=Andrew Inglis Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Wade_Brown=Theo Wade Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Bridges=Jeff Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Stradivari=Antonio Stradivari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judi_Bari=Judi Bari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Bergh=Henry Bergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Bennett=Arnold Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Lynde=Paul Lynde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Gwynne=Fred Gwynne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Calvi=Roberto Calvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licio_Gelli=Licio Gelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Jagger=Mick Jagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmond_Yu=Edmond Yu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yehudi_Menuhin=Yehudi Menuhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Reinhardt=Max Reinhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Orff=Carl Orff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Malda=Rob Malda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Livingstone=Ian Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobus_Gallus=Jacobus Gallus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Crane=Stephen Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Baruch=Bernard Baruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Atkinson-Wood=Helen Atkinson-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_Llewelyn=Desmond Llewelyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitus_Bering=Vitus Bering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Dilworth=Thomas Dilworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Robinson=Tony Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fleming=Ian Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mathieson_(computer_scientist)=John Mathieson (computer scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Atlasov=Vladimir Atlasov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Peroutka=Ferdinand Peroutka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Boyle,_1st_Earl_of_Cork=Richard Boyle, 1st Earl of Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Xaver_von_Baader=Franz Xaver von Baader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_Babington=Churchill Babington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacchylides=Bacchylides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccio_D'Agnolo=Baccio D'Agnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solon=Solon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yair_Bacharach=Yair Bacharach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Philipp_Emanuel_Bach=Carl Philipp Emanuel Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Petit_de_Bachaumont=Louis Petit de Bachaumont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Billings=Joseph Billings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Chuo_(Tang_dynasty)=Fan Chuo (Tang dynasty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_brothers=Wright brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Edward_Bache=Francis Edward Bache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Bacon=Leonard Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bacon_(sculptor)=John Bacon (sculptor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Badby=John Badby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baddeley=Robert Baddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jodocus_Badius=Jodocus Badius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Badham=Charles Badham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Welk=Lawrence Welk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Zunz=Leopold Zunz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judy_Garland=Judy Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bowman_Lindsay=James Bowman Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Marcius_Coriolanus=Gaius Marcius Coriolanus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taddeo_Zuccari=Taddeo Zuccari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Zschokke=Heinrich Zschokke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Zouch=Richard Zouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Bonanno=Joseph Bonanno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Howard=Ron Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oda_of_Haldensleben=Oda of Haldensleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Bacon_(Lord_Keeper)=Nicholas Bacon (Lord Keeper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_Egan=Pierce Egan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asher_ben_Jehiel=Asher ben Jehiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rav_Ashi=Rav Ashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gennady_Nevelskoy=Gennady Nevelskoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widukind=Widukind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Iscariot=Judas Iscariot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widukind_of_Corvey=Widukind of Corvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_Howard=Margo Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_Baddeley=Sophia Baddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_Minnelli=Liza Minnelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_de_Badlesmere,_1st_Baron_Badlesmere=Bartholomew de Badlesmere, 1st Baron Badlesmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_McBean=Gordon McBean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Brissaud=Pierre Brissaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Rutherford=Margaret Rutherford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xaviera_Hollander=Xaviera Hollander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Keys=Alicia Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Wirth=Tim Wirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie_Davenport=Willie Davenport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamo_Wolde=Mamo Wolde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Scott=Peter Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Montez=Lola Montez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Mawson=Douglas Mawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Shackleton=Ernest Shackleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antoine_Drouot=Antoine Drouot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Houston=Sam Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Buck=Jack Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willem_Barentsz=Willem Barentsz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzo_Ferrari=Enzo Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Eastman=George Eastman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith=Kevin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alanis_Morissette=Alanis Morissette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asanga=Asanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Luc_Godard=Jean-Luc Godard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Leonowens=Anna Leonowens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannelore_Kohl=Hannelore Kohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Darling=Grace Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Davison=Emily Davison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeru_Kobayashi=Takeru Kobayashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_of_Austria=Chancellor of Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Pachelbel=Johann Pachelbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cawte_Beaglehole=John Cawte Beaglehole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextus_Varius_Marcellus=Sextus Varius Marcellus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordecai_Richler=Mordecai Richler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MC_ADE=MC ADE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Bretnor=Reginald Bretnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Barrett_(chief_executive)=Craig Barrett (chief executive)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_I,_Abbess_of_Quedlinburg=Agnes I, Abbess of Quedlinburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatshepsut=Hatshepsut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_III_Euergetes=Ptolemy III Euergetes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Baden-Powell,_1st_Baron_Baden-Powell=Robert Baden-Powell, 1st Baron Baden-Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Page=Larry Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergey_Brin=Sergey Brin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Rayburn=Gene Rayburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Ridge=Lola Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathryn_H._Kidd=Kathryn H. Kidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerardus_Mercator=Gerardus Mercator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Peary=Robert Peary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Seale=Bobby Seale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Baskett=James Baskett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Chevalier=Maurice Chevalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistinguett=Mistinguett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Castellaneta=Dan Castellaneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Rosenstock=Fred Rosenstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Steiger=Rod Steiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudette_Colbert=Claudette Colbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Shearer=Norma Shearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Waite=A. E. Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_Stallone=Sylvester Stallone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cartwright=Alexander Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Braille=Louis Braille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Caine=Michael Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Hartknoch=Christoph Hartknoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Tyrrell=Emmett Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_I_of_Constantinople=Bartholomew I of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gersonides=Gersonides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Laughton=Charles Laughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yul_Brynner=Yul Brynner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alistair_MacLeod=Alistair MacLeod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conon=Conon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophylact_of_Constantinople=Theophylact of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_I_of_Constantinople=Stephen I of Constantinople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Mystikos=Nicholas Mystikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Starr=Ken Starr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Redford=Robert Redford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Moulin=Jean Moulin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simone_Signoret=Simone Signoret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Robbins=Harold Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Burr=Raymond Burr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_Vidal=Gore Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Paul_Marat=Jean-Paul Marat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theo_Angelopoulos=Theo Angelopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Bakr_bin_Yahya_al-Suli=Abu Bakr bin Yahya al-Suli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Milestone=Lewis Milestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wyler=William Wyler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hecht=Ben Hecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Brooke=Rupert Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Walker_(runner)=John Walker (runner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome_Napoleon_Bonaparte_II=Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Bonaparte_(Attorney_General)=Charles Bonaparte (Attorney General)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_May_Williams=Susan May Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepin_of_Landen=Pepin of Landen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merovech=Merovech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theuderic_I=Theuderic I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theudebert_I=Theudebert I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lucien_Bonaparte=Louis Lucien Bonaparte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Johannes_von_Trapp=Georg Johannes von Trapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Pfeiffer=Michelle Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._P._J._Abdul_Kalam=A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_de_la_Cierva=Juan de la Cierva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdel-Razak_al-Yehiyeh=Abdel-Razak al-Yehiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margret_Rey=Margret Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Beatty=Warren Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennelong=Bennelong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Matthau=Walter Matthau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claus_von_Stauffenberg=Claus von Stauffenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Meese=Edwin Meese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuguharu_Foujita=Tsuguharu Foujita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piet_Hein_(scientist)=Piet Hein (scientist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piet_Pieterszoon_Hein=Piet Pieterszoon Hein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Stiglitz=Joseph Stiglitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Kerr=Deborah Kerr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaslav_Nijinsky=Vaslav Nijinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Pavlova=Anna Pavlova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Hamilton=Linda Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Quimby=Fred Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Spassky=Boris Spassky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_J._Lundwall=Sam J. Lundwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_O'Toole=Peter O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhail_Lomonosov=Mikhail Lomonosov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meryl_Streep=Meryl Streep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Turner=John Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Middleton=Thomas Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fry=Stephen Fry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Tramiel=Jack Tramiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Garbo=Greta Garbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken_Griffey,_Jr.=Ken Griffey, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Lancaster=Don Lancaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_James=Bill James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_Davis=Bette Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Fonda=Jane Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissy_Spacek=Sissy Spacek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Rains=Claude Rains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greer_Garson=Greer Garson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredric_March=Fredric March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pemberton=John Pemberton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Caine=John Caine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Kennett=Jeff Kennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Kirner=Joan Kirner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cain_(junior)=John Cain (junior)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denis_Gaultier=Denis Gaultier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Beerbohm_Tree=Herbert Beerbohm Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lorre=Peter Lorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_Redgrave=Vanessa Redgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompeu_Fabra=Pompeu Fabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Strel=Martin Strel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Kilby=Jack Kilby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Luther_Pierce=William Luther Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam_Neeson=Liam Neeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_of_Croton=Milo of Croton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Brueghel_the_Younger=Pieter Brueghel the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brueghel_the_Elder=Jan Brueghel the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Brueghel_the_Younger=Jan Brueghel the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Stead=Christina Stead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris-Karl_Huysmans=Joris-Karl Huysmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Britten=Benjamin Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igor_Dmitriyevich_Novikov=Igor Dmitriyevich Novikov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bush=Alan Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriel_da_Costa=Uriel da Costa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Rogers=Ginger Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Willis=Bruce Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modest_Mussorgsky=Modest Mussorgsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alva_Myrdal=Alva Myrdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Lord=Stanley Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doodles_Weaver=Doodles Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_the_Apostle=Bartholomew the Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigourney_Weaver=Sigourney Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Astaire=Fred Astaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Callas=Maria Callas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_McFarland=George McFarland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_Rentoul_Outhwaite=Ida Rentoul Outhwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Dadd=Richard Dadd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicely_Mary_Barker=Cicely Mary Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_the_Rhymer=Thomas the Rhymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanot_Martorell=Joanot Martorell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramon_Muntaner=Ramon Muntaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_Ao=Li Ao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_V._Jensen=Johannes V. Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patty_Hearst=Patty Hearst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Mahler=Gustav Mahler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlothhere_of_Kent=Hlothhere of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauricio_Kagel=Mauricio Kagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Feydeau=Georges Feydeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Offenbach=Jacques Offenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Gould=Glenn Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._McCammon=Robert R. McCammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Poindexter=John Poindexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Meredith=James Meredith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maureen_Lipman=Maureen Lipman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Webern=Anton Webern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bacque=James Bacque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Smith_Stevens=Stanley Smith Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Volkman=John Volkman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Kollek=Amos Kollek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Forbes_(linguist)=Duncan Forbes (linguist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qian_Zhongshu=Qian Zhongshu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Thompson_(comedian)=Dave Thompson (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Hersholt=Jean Hersholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cage=John Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Lyndhurst=Nicholas Lyndhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Humbert I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Pitman=Kent Pitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_F._Austin=Stephen F. Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldo=Ronaldo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Verhoeven=Paul Verhoeven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Roubaud=Jacques Roubaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Gollancz=Victor Gollancz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Eastland=James Eastland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ami_Dolenz=Ami Dolenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Givens=Robin Givens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Pimsleur=Paul Pimsleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritz_Melchior=Lauritz Melchior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evel_Knievel=Evel Knievel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_Boulez=Pierre Boulez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_H._O'Brien=Willis H. O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe_Willette=Adolphe Willette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_J._Toynbee=Arnold J. Toynbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Schnabel=Artur Schnabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Francis_Burton=Richard Francis Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Greene_(athlete)=Maurice Greene (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frans_van_Schooten=Frans van Schooten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun_Ensslin=Gudrun Ensslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crichton=John Crichton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Boot,_1st_Baron_Trent=Jesse Boot, 1st Baron Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Pickens=Slim Pickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Barrymore=Lionel Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Schoenberg=Arnold Schoenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errol_Flynn=Errol Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soichiro_Honda=Soichiro Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovan_Bailey=Donovan Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Lewis=Carl Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Katz=Phil Katz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melchiorre_Murenu=Melchiorre Murenu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Gould=Chester Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Karloff=Boris Karloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Burke_(athlete)=Thomas Burke (athlete)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armin_Hary=Armin Hary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_W._Prescott=James W. Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Jones=Jennifer Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._Selznick=David O. Selznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho_Chi_Minh=Ho Chi Minh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Liszt=Franz Liszt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Chestnut=Morris Chestnut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch_Goldstein=Baruch Goldstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_von_Hofmannsthal=Hugo von Hofmannsthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasely_Crawford=Hasely Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Strauss=Richard Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Robson=Flora Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_Kelly=Emmett Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Wise=Robert Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Ben-Gurion=David Ben-Gurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Lange=Jessica Lange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nichols=Mike Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Caruso=Enrico Caruso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plautia_Urgulanilla=Plautia Urgulanilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Scofield=Paul Scofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Bizet=Georges Bizet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Vidor=King Vidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Rossellini=Isabella Rossellini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Means_Thompson=Robert Means Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_W._Thompson=Richard W. Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barrymore=John Barrymore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Sheen=Martin Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottfried_Benn=Gottfried Benn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Frankel=Justin Frankel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Dillard=Harrison Dillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_and_Clyde=Bonnie and Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Towne=Robert Towne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Albertson=Jack Albertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Chavez=Cesar Chavez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Sarandon=Susan Sarandon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Jarvis=Frank Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Dunaway=Faye Dunaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Walker=Reggie Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Rathbone=Basil Rathbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Nicole_Smith=Anna Nicole Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Shor=Peter Shor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Pineau=Christian Pineau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Dahl=Sophie Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chick_Hearn=Chick Hearn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_B._Toklas=Alice B. Toklas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Lee_Curtis=Jamie Lee Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Simard=Francis Simard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Curtis=Tony Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Morrow=Bobby Morrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Verner=Karl Verner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herod_Agrippa_II=Herod Agrippa II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Stephen_Hawker=Robert Stephen Hawker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McKern=Leo McKern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Otto I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Peter I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus II, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Humbert II, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_III,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus III, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_III,_Count_of_Savoy=Humbert III, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trophimus=Trophimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_J._Fox=Michael J. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas,_Count_of_Savoy=Thomas, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IV,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus IV, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniface,_Count_of_Savoy=Boniface, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_II,_Count_of_Savoy=Peter II, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindy_Remigino=Lindy Remigino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_Speed=Lancelot Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Timman=Jan Timman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiglath-Pileser_III=Tiglath-Pileser III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terah=Terah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tertullus=Tertullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosthenes=Sosthenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_I,_Count_of_Savoy=Philip I, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward,_Count_of_Savoy=Edward, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aymon,_Count_of_Savoy=Aymon, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_V,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus V, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_VI,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus VI, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_VII,_Count_of_Savoy=Amadeus VII, Count of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Paxman=Jeremy Paxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Timberlake=Justin Timberlake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_of_Arezzo=Guido of Arezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scatman_Crothers=Scatman Crothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IX,_Duke_of_Savoy=Amadeus IX, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_I,_Duke_of_Savoy=Philibert I, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis,_Duke_of_Savoy=Louis, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_I,_Duke_of_Savoy=Charles I, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philibert_II,_Duke_of_Savoy=Philibert II, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Francis,_Prince_of_Carignano=Thomas Francis, Prince of Carignano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_III,_Duke_of_Savoy=Charles III, Duke of Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Howerd=Frankie Howerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neriglissar=Neriglissar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necho_II=Necho II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esai_Morales=Esai Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena=Selena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Balling=Erik Balling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillie_Langtry=Lillie Langtry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Friese-Greene=William Friese-Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_Dingle=Herbert Dingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dobson=William Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_Douglas=Kirk Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Taze_Russell=Charles Taze Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrik_Dam=Henrik Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansfried_of_Utrecht=Ansfried of Utrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_D'Israeli=Isaac D'Israeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Silverstone=Alicia Silverstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_McCrea_(astronomer)=William McCrea (astronomer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Bail=Murray Bail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracie_Allen=Gracie Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Burns=George Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christer_Pettersson=Christer Pettersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Bournonville=August Bournonville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Mozart=Leopold Mozart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Marr=Wilhelm Marr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Harris=Frank Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Trollope=Anthony Trollope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Beaufort,_Countess_of_Richmond_and_Derby=Margaret Beaufort, Countess of Richmond and Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Lindsay=Joan Lindsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Reynolds=Debbie Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lenkiewicz=Robert Lenkiewicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_de_Bergerac=Cyrano de Bergerac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Joachim_Quantz=Johann Joachim Quantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_bissett=Bill bissett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Maguire=Tom Maguire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaja_Silverman=Kaja Silverman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Banneker=Benjamin Banneker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Cartier=Jacques Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_Stephens=Helen Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rizzio=David Rizzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hepburn,_4th_Earl_of_Bothwell=James Hepburn, 4th Earl of Bothwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_George_Easton=Matthew George Easton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bess_of_Hardwick=Bess of Hardwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_Moodysson=Lukas Moodysson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Montand=Yves Montand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_T._Chick=Jack T. Chick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Royko=Mike Royko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Marshal,_1st_Earl_of_Pembroke=William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Flynt=Larry Flynt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kinzie=John Kinzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Wright_(loyalist)=Billy Wright (loyalist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathuram_Godse=Nathuram Godse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Stewart=Patrick Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil_Valentine=Basil Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_le_Breton=Richard le Breton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fisher=Andrew Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Hochhuth=Rolf Hochhuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_L._Mack=Burton L. Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gandy_(author)=Peter Gandy (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyomia_Tyus=Wyomia Tyus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Fredericks=Frankie Fredericks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Jacobs=Jane Jacobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Blake_Nelson=Tim Blake Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoid_Mary=Typhoid Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Fosse=Bob Fosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Philip_Holland=John Philip Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyendra_Nath_Bose=Satyendra Nath Bose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boone=Daniel Boone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marija_Gimbutas=Marija Gimbutas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roch_Carrier=Roch Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Depp=Johnny Depp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_Warren=Earl Warren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Acorn=Milton Acorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zecharias_Frankel=Zecharias Frankel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Frobisher=Martin Frobisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Boswell,_Lord_Auchinleck=Alexander Boswell, Lord Auchinleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lean=David Lean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Wyatt_(poet)=Thomas Wyatt (poet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Seymour,_1st_Duke_of_Somerset=Edward Seymour, 1st Duke of Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricimer=Ricimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Percy_(Hotspur)=Henry Percy (Hotspur)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricou_Browning=Ricou Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbra_Streisand=Barbra Streisand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Shine=Keith Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geert_Groote=Geert Groote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantijn_Huygens=Constantijn Huygens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do-Aklin=Do-Aklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakodonou=Dakodonou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Fantin-Latour=Henri Fantin-Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Dumont_d'Urville=Jules Dumont d'Urville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houegbadja=Houegbadja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renate_Stecher=Renate Stecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaba_of_Dahomey=Akaba of Dahomey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximilian_Kaller=Maximilian Kaller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adandozan=Adandozan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agonglo=Agonglo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kpengla=Kpengla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegbessou=Tegbessou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agaja=Agaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glele=Glele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agoli-agbo=Agoli-agbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghezo=Ghezo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Rampal=Jean-Pierre Rampal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_von_Wolkenstein=Oswald von Wolkenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelyn_Ashford=Evelyn Ashford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Alekhine=Alexander Alekhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Stevin=Simon Stevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Griffith_Joyner=Florence Griffith Joyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gail_Devers=Gail Devers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_Roth=Claudia Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guido_Westerwelle=Guido Westerwelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Scholz=Franz Scholz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Mersenne=Marin Mersenne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxo_Grammaticus=Saxo Grammaticus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Blommaert=Samuel Blommaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Bashkirtseff=Marie Bashkirtseff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Farman=Henri Farman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nelson_Darby=John Nelson Darby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_Avery=Tex Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antipope_Benedict_X=Antipope Benedict X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Siegel=Eli Siegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Salomo_Zachariae_von_Lingenthal=Karl Salomo Zachariae von Lingenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Quimby=Phineas Quimby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantideva=Shantideva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Craig=Amanda Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longchenpa=Longchenpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_Kapor=Mitch Kapor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Cokely=Steve Cokely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Nidal=Abu Nidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_von_Ossietzky=Carl von Ossietzky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernandel=Fernandel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Comfort_Tiffany=Louis Comfort Tiffany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmund_Hillary=Edmund Hillary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Night_Shyamalan=M. Night Shyamalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Reeve=Christopher Reeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Julius_Gumbel=Emil Julius Gumbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieter_Corneliszoon_Hooft=Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Jurado=Katy Jurado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Wierzbicka=Anna Wierzbicka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Douglas,_9th_Marquess_of_Queensberry=John Douglas, 9th Marquess of Queensberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Sorbo=Kevin Sorbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrico_Mattei=Enrico Mattei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantius_Chlorus=Constantius Chlorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numerian=Numerian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Hewitt=Foster Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_the_Silent=William the Silent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Chambers=Timothy Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Mason=James Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Dukakis=Michael Dukakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Lieberman=Joe Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore=Michael Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Aurelius_Probus=Marcus Aurelius Probus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galerius=Galerius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licinius=Licinius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_III=Valentinian III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratian=Gratian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_I=Valentinian I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentinian_II=Valentinian II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Presper_Eckert=J. Presper Eckert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juba_II=Juba II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drusilla_of_Mauretania_the_Elder=Drusilla of Mauretania the Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Melik=Anton Melik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_de_Alvarado=Pedro de Alvarado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristarchus_of_Samos=Aristarchus of Samos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_Anderson=Marian Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Eduard_Zachariae_von_Lingenthal=Karl Eduard Zachariae von Lingenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johan_Nicolai_Madvig=Johan Nicolai Madvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Gottlob_Zumpt=Karl Gottlob Zumpt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Wilhelm_Zumpt=August Wilhelm Zumpt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonia_Major=Antonia Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berenice_(daughter_of_Herod_Agrippa)=Berenice (daughter of Herod Agrippa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Eaton=Timothy Eaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah=Jeremiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esko_Aho=Esko Aho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majorian=Majorian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie-Louise_Damien=Marie-Louise Damien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Prin=Alice Prin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrix_Farrand=Beatrix Farrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Karl_Koch=Walter Karl Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_Philadelphus_(son_of_Cleopatra)=Ptolemy Philadelphus (son of Cleopatra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rat_Man=Rat Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_Ortolani=Leonardo Ortolani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Barker=Ronnie Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Kelly=Petra Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Pierre_Jeunet=Jean-Pierre Jeunet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folke_Bernadotte=Folke Bernadotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimo_Heino=Raimo Heino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith_(New_Zealand_actor)=Kevin Smith (New Zealand actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Dukas=Paul Dukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servilius_Rullus=Servilius Rullus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikolai_Rimsky-Korsakov=Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_McCormick=Cyrus McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amilcare_Ponchielli=Amilcare Ponchielli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_II,_Duke_of_Brabant=John II, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_III,_Duke_of_Brabant=John III, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_I,_Duke_of_Brabant=Henry I, Duke of Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fillmore=Henry Fillmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anne_Disraeli=Mary Anne Disraeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fincke=Thomas Fincke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hanning_Speke=John Hanning Speke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rich,_1st_Earl_of_Holland=Henry Rich, 1st Earl of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_of_Bavaria=Carloman of Bavaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Hobart=Rose Hobart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeForest_Kelley=DeForest Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Mendelssohn=Felix Mendelssohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Turtle=Little Turtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_von_Sydow=Max von Sydow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Thompson_Seton=Ernest Thompson Seton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Dawson=Les Dawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdo_MacKenzie=Murdo MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe_Arbuckle=Roscoe Arbuckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Osborne=Ted Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfman_Jack=Wolfman Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Kinney=Dick Kinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beagle_Boys=Beagle Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Benson_(bishop)=Edward Benson (bishop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Butler_Yeats=John Butler Yeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bitzer=Billy Bitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Petersen=Julius Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_B._Winslow=Jacob B. Winslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_da_Verrazzano=Giovanni da Verrazzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximinus_II=Maximinus II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxentius=Maxentius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_Varela=Francisco Varela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._A._Dupont=E. A. Dupont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabir=Kabir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._Gordon_Childe=V. Gordon Childe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(servant)=John Brown (servant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_(abolitionist)=John Brown (abolitionist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodelinda=Theodelinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Schenk_Graf_von_Stauffenberg=Berthold Schenk Graf von Stauffenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalie_Wood=Natalie Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antinous=Antinous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicomedes_I_of_Bithynia=Nicomedes I of Bithynia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrus_the_Younger=Cyrus the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearchus_of_Sparta=Clearchus of Sparta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_(mayor_of_the_palace)=Carloman (mayor of the palace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Peck=Gregory Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Janifer=Laurence Janifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_the_Simple=Charles the Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carinus=Carinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Mitnick=Kevin Mitnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Devereux,_3rd_Earl_of_Essex=Robert Devereux, 3rd Earl of Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo_Burcham=Milo Burcham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Doohan=James Doohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_von_Payer=Julius von Payer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_von_Neumayer=Georg von Neumayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Whiteway=Douglas Whiteway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masanobu_Fukuoka=Masanobu Fukuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jacket=Blue Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Andrews=Julie Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archilochus=Archilochus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintin_Hogg,_Baron_Hailsham_of_St_Marylebone=Quintin Hogg, Baron Hailsham of St Marylebone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcman=Alcman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simonides_of_Ceos=Simonides of Ceos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didymus_Chalcenterus=Didymus Chalcenterus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibycus=Ibycus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobaeus=Stobaeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobius=Zenobius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aulus_Gellius=Aulus Gellius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Cornelius_Fronto=Marcus Cornelius Fronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Howard,_Earl_of_Surrey=Henry Howard, Earl of Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough=David Attenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._E._Shewell-Cooper=W. E. Shewell-Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Lang_(Australian_politician)=Jack Lang (Australian politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Douglas=Michael Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_II,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustace II, Count of Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eustace_III,_Count_of_Boulogne=Eustace III, Count of Boulogne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uma_Thurman=Uma Thurman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Barber=Samuel Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintin_Hogg_(merchant)=Quintin Hogg (merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Keitel=Harvey Keitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Arbella_Stuart=Lady Arbella Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godigisel=Godigisel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanthius=Xanthius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_Adler=Ada Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Vaughan_Williams=Ralph Vaughan Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunomius_of_Cyzicus=Eunomius of Cyzicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athalaric=Athalaric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orosius=Orosius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Handler=Daniel Handler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priscillian=Priscillian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephin_Merritt=Stephin Merritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pindar=Pindar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_of_Flanders=Matilda of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sporus_of_Nicaea=Sporus of Nicaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipponax=Hipponax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Willie=John Willie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloman_I=Carloman I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Cranach_the_Younger=Lucas Cranach the Younger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni_Gabrieli=Giovanni Gabrieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shigeru_Miyamoto=Shigeru Miyamoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen,_Count_of_Blois=Stephen, Count of Blois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandana_Shiva=Vandana Shiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Acheson=Dean Acheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Foster_Dulles=John Foster Dulles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Ellsberg=Daniel Ellsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Haig=Alexander Haig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Martin=Graham Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Rusk=Dean Rusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Clifford=Clark Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Tellegen=Lou Tellegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Hapgood=Charles Hapgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorinus=Favorinus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philostratus=Philostratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Jacobsen=J. C. Jacobsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Bonham_Carter=Helena Bonham Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurytus=Eurytus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplicius_of_Cilicia=Simplicius of Cilicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statius=Statius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausonius=Ausonius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stilicho=Stilicho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euric=Euric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleslaus_I,_Duke_of_Bohemia=Boleslaus I, Duke of Bohemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Nyman=Michael Nyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrence_Malick=Terrence Malick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Nair=Mira Nair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Scott=Terry Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/June_Whitfield=June Whitfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher=Cher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Marion=Francis Marion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmed_Yassin=Ahmed Yassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmose_I=Ahmose I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Macmillan=Harold Macmillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epimenides=Epimenides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Mulgrew=Kate Mulgrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjo_Paterson=Banjo Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kerr_(governor-general)=John Kerr (governor-general)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andoni_Goikoetxea_Olaskoaga=Andoni Goikoetxea Olaskoaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_d'Abano=Pietro d'Abano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hindemith=Paul Hindemith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Fredriksson=Marianne Fredriksson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_Kirchherr=Astrid Kirchherr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Adler=Alfred Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainer_Werner_Fassbinder=Rainer Werner Fassbinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympias=Olympias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleite=Cleite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Kate_Olsen=Mary-Kate Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_G._Avildsen=John G. Avildsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Newcomen=Thomas Newcomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvil_Dewey=Melvil Dewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenes=Tenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qakare_Ibi=Qakare Ibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Turner=Tina Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellen=Hellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc-Antoine_Charpentier=Marc-Antoine Charpentier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pears=Peter Pears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anders_Dahl=Anders Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilhelm_Thomsen=Vilhelm Thomsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merneferre_Ay=Merneferre Ay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._W._Murnau=F. W. Murnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelopidas=Pelopidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Benny=Jack Benny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_S._Maggin=Elliot S. Maggin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philochorus=Philochorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippodamus_of_Miletus=Hippodamus of Miletus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Bennett=Alan Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Smith=Maggie Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Barrantes=Susan Barrantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_McCarey=Leo McCarey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_C._Scott=George C. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Pascal=Fabian Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Rumney=Ralph Rumney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Lindbergh=Charles Lindbergh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neve_Campbell=Neve Campbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Mohr=Georg Mohr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalmoxis=Zalmoxis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Lubitsch=Ernst Lubitsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artur_Gavazzi=Artur Gavazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_(musician)=Sting (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Tertis=Lionel Tertis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Primrose=William Primrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Haney=Lee Haney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazuo_Ishiguro=Kazuo Ishiguro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lea_DeLaria=Lea DeLaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Howard_(actor)=Leslie Howard (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marozia=Marozia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymnestus=Polymnestus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pythias=Pythias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Bugatti=Ettore Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_XIII_Theos_Philopator=Ptolemy XIII Theos Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Howard_(British_actor)=Ronald Howard (British actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Tandy=Jessica Tandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_II_Aetolicus=Demetrius II Aetolicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky_Martin=Ricky Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_IV_Philopator=Ptolemy IV Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_V_Epiphanes=Ptolemy V Epiphanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_I_Soter=Ptolemy I Soter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demetrius_II_Nicator=Demetrius II Nicator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_IV_Philopator=Seleucus IV Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschel_Grynszpan=Herschel Grynszpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Burnquist=Bob Burnquist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Laporte=Juan Laporte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Hardy=Oliver Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_J._Date=Christopher J. Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guillermo_Gorostiza=Guillermo Gorostiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Darwen=Hugh Darwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neville_Brand=Neville Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_II_Callinicus=Seleucus II Callinicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdiccas=Perdiccas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_N._Mitchell=John N. Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrigo_Boito=Arrigo Boito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Moritz_Arndt=Ernst Moritz Arndt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_McCay=Winsor McCay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Rap_Brown=H. Rap Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Birkin=Jane Birkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Seberg=Jean Seberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Batagelj=Vladimir Batagelj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Tschichold=Jan Tschichold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Nolte=Nick Nolte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Thorndike=Edward Thorndike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morta=Morta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Donat=Robert Donat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Ringwald=Molly Ringwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Bellamy=Francis Bellamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramzi_bin_al-Shibh=Ramzi bin al-Shibh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Lauper=Cyndi Lauper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_Milhaud=Darius Milhaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Earhart=Amelia Earhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupercus=Lupercus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Arum=Bob Arum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bayley_(writer)=John Bayley (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judi_Dench=Judi Dench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilar_Montenegro=Pilar Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaius_Mucius_Scaevola=Gaius Mucius Scaevola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelard_of_Bath=Adelard of Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knud_Jeppesen=Knud Jeppesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_(historian)=Justin (historian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorvald_Asvaldsson=Thorvald Asvaldsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_the_Red=Erik the Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfdan_the_Black=Halfdan the Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_S._Hershey=Milton S. Hershey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomeus_Anglicus=Bartholomeus Anglicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Omar=Mohammed Omar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maelgwn_Gwynedd=Maelgwn Gwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Montgomery=Tim Montgomery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Heartfield=John Heartfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Morecambe=Eric Morecambe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alger_Hiss=Alger Hiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosamund_Clifford=Rosamund Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Lipietz=Alain Lipietz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Elen=Saint Elen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadar_(photographer)=Nadar (photographer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Maybach=Wilhelm Maybach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Murray=Harold Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Chrysler=Walter Chrysler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Korolev=Sergei Korolev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Mustafa_Pasha=Kara Mustafa Pasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miha_Remec=Miha Remec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Preston_(author)=John Preston (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Carrey=Jim Carrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winona_LaDuke=Winona LaDuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiliano_Zapata=Emiliano Zapata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Fox=Terry Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_ibn_Isa_al-Asturlabi=Ali ibn Isa al-Asturlabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Deller=Alfred Deller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_MacMurray=Fred MacMurray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Cowell=Henry Cowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieterich_Buxtehude=Dieterich Buxtehude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeVar_Burton=LeVar Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._H._Asquith=H. H. Asquith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Amis=Martin Amis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Woodward_(inventor)=Henry Woodward (inventor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Fuller=Alfred Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathew_Evans=Mathew Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudrun=Gudrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Gounod=Charles Gounod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Robertson_(businessman)=Michael Robertson (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Stafford,_2nd_Duke_of_Buckingham=Henry Stafford, 2nd Duke of Buckingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Bell=Marilyn Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Wheaton=Wil Wheaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leleti_Khumalo=Leleti Khumalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Papon=Maurice Papon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Kate_and_Ashley_Olsen=Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Irving=David Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Mitchum=Robert Mitchum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Rooney=Mickey Rooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Bleek=Wilhelm Bleek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_I=Shalmaneser I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_II=Shalmaneser II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Fields=Bert Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalmaneser_IV=Shalmaneser IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roth_(businessman)=John Roth (businessman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conon_of_Samos=Conon of Samos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_de_Burgh,_1st_Earl_of_Kent=Hubert de Burgh, 1st Earl of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Tey=Josephine Tey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camille_Claudel=Camille Claudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fiennes=Joseph Fiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Frakes=Jonathan Frakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo_Mascheroni=Lorenzo Mascheroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrik_Lorentz=Hendrik Lorentz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Chamberlain=Joseph Chamberlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy_Hiller=Wendy Hiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggy_Cass=Peggy Cass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lott=John Lott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diane_de_Poitiers=Diane de Poitiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster_Kahle=Brewster Kahle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejandro_Toledo=Alejandro Toledo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Warner=Jack Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Morales=Mario Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cassidy=David Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Caton=Steve Caton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_Bernhard=Sandra Bernhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_de_Havilland=Olivia de Havilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_L._Stimson=Henry L. Stimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenio_Tavolara=Eugenio Tavolara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Corman=Roger Corman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Barbier=George Barbier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Vadim=Roger Vadim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Wittgenstein=Paul Wittgenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_D._Tompkins=Daniel D. Tompkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Morel=Richard Morel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_M._Dallas=George M. Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Mentor_Johnson=Richard Mentor Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_R._King=William R. King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuyler_Colfax=Schuyler Colfax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Wilson=Henry Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_A._Wheeler=William A. Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_A._Hendricks=Thomas A. Hendricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_P._Morton=Levi P. Morton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Barnevik=Percy Barnevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Oscar_Borg=Carl Oscar Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsa_Beskow=Elsa Beskow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Curtiz=Michael Curtiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredrika_Bremer=Fredrika Bremer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Feldman=Morton Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippe_de_Commines=Philippe de Commines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Tutin=Dorothy Tutin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Parra=Angelo Parra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Farrell=Mike Farrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanna_Lumley=Joanna Lumley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_Cernuda=Luis Cernuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerri_Green=Kerri Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Plimpton=Martha Plimpton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Antin=Steve Antin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Ramsey=Anne Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Cohen_(actor)=Jeff Cohen (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Paton=Alan Paton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loretta_Swit=Loretta Swit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Burghoff=Gary Burghoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Christopher=William Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Farr=Jamie Farr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Rogers=Wayne Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Chablis=The Lady Chablis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhenaten=Akhenaten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Fleming=Andrew Fleming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Macbeth=Ann Macbeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alain_Resnais=Alain Resnais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morphy=Paul Morphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Koch_(hacker)=Karl Koch (hacker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aratus=Aratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Neville=Peter Neville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Stiller=Ben Stiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corey_Feldman=Corey Feldman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe_Dayan=Moshe Dayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Matsys=Quentin Matsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Candy=John Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Francisco_(television_host)=Don Francisco (television host)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thora_Hird=Thora Hird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debi_Mazar=Debi Mazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin_Ward=Colin Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Errico_Malatesta=Errico Malatesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda_Radner=Gilda Radner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Bodrov,_Jr.=Sergei Bodrov, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gobel=George Gobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Ritchie=Guy Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Nilsson=Christina Nilsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_Paddick=Hugh Paddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Krashen=Stephen Krashen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Cummins_(professor)=Jim Cummins (professor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_D._Terrell=Tracy D. Terrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Cartman=Eric Cartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Clokey=Art Clokey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlai_Stevenson_I=Adlai Stevenson I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_W._Fairbanks=Charles W. Fairbanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_S._Sherman=James S. Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Len_Sassaman=Len Sassaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nance_Garner=John Nance Garner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francisco_de_Orellana=Francisco de Orellana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_G._Dawes=Charles G. Dawes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VII_Neos_Philopator=Ptolemy VII Neos Philopator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy_VI_Philometor=Ptolemy VI Philometor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Frahm=Art Frahm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleucus_III_Ceraunus=Seleucus III Ceraunus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Swank=Hilary Swank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McGann=Paul McGann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_McDaniel=Hattie McDaniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bakshi=Ralph Bakshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohammed_Deif=Mohammed Deif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Hilton=Conrad Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Olav_Koss=Johann Olav Koss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luli=Luli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGeorge_Bundy=McGeorge Bundy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reese_Witherspoon=Reese Witherspoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_J._Schonfield=Hugh J. Schonfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Elias=Rick Elias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Pamela=Lucia Pamela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennan_Manning=Brennan Manning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Hawthorne=Nigel Hawthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia_Bacon=Delia Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Branson=Richard Branson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_McFadden=Gates McFadden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brent_Spiner=Brent Spiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevyn_Aucoin=Kevyn Aucoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanne_Barr=Roseanne Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilcar_Barca=Hamilcar Barca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Harper=Clifford Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessus=Bessus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagoas=Bagoas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Isambard_Brunel=Marc Isambard Brunel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Smith_(musician)=Aaron Smith (musician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Ride=Sally Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Walton=William Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Grosseteste=Robert Grosseteste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Marsh=Adam Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran_Ulmer=Fran Ulmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erik_Waller_(collector)=Erik Waller (collector)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cunard=Samuel Cunard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikephoros_Kallistos_Xanthopoulos=Nikephoros Kallistos Xanthopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Stirling_(mathematician)=James Stirling (mathematician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Phillips=Leslie Phillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Greene=Richard Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aikanaka_(mythology)=Aikanaka (mythology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Norton=Graham Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthew_Shepard=Matthew Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Paisley=Ian Paisley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ato_Boldon=Ato Boldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereward_the_Wake=Hereward the Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jochen_Hippel=Jochen Hippel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reginald_Fessenden=Reginald Fessenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintilian=Quintilian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callimachus=Callimachus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lannin=Joseph Lannin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_Spelling=Tori Spelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harman_Blennerhassett=Harman Blennerhassett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Bull=Gerald Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Ashley=Laura Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Moulton_Marston=William Moulton Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Osbourne=Kelly Osbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_Zamora=Pedro Zamora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar_the_Geezer=Caesar the Geezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Hadley=Albert Hadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Parish=Sister Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Richard=Jules Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bolt=Robert Bolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Lynn_Spears=Jamie Lynn Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Zinnemann=Fred Zinnemann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Nielsen=Carl Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Jennings=Will Jennings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mansfield=David Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Soles=Steven Soles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Brovina=Flora Brovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anytus=Anytus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Barclay_Parsons=William Barclay Parsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Adair=Johnny Adair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodicus=Prodicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Leuf=Bo Leuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Lee_Lewis=Jerry Lee Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Gair=Robert Gair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_McCoy_(announcer)=Al McCoy (announcer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Simon_(politician)=Bill Simon (politician)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Shellabarger=Samuel Shellabarger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Kreuk=Kristin Kreuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Conrad=Paul Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrei_Chikatilo=Andrei Chikatilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ratzenberger=John Ratzenberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Monte_Young=La Monte Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_Farrait=Rene Farrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Paltrow=Bruce Paltrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gary=Joseph Gary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristoxenus=Aristoxenus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theramenes=Theramenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Wright=Frances Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoko_Asahara=Shoko Asahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Boyer=Charles Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_of_Carinthia=Herman of Carinthia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Harrison=Rex Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Durante=Jimmy Durante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Olrik=Axel Olrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Clowes_(printer)=William Clowes (printer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominic_Mancini=Dominic Mancini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Buck=George Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_E._Clymer=George E. Clymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Cooper=Betty Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergei_Rachmaninoff=Sergei Rachmaninoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oduduwa=Oduduwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleitarchus=Cleitarchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephorus=Ephorus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Isaac=Heinrich Isaac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Willibald_Gluck=Christoph Willibald Gluck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Kramnik=Vladimir Kramnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedrich_Blass=Friedrich Blass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Mark_Painter=John Mark Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Zongo=Norbert Zongo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Fox_Talbot=Henry Fox Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lander=David Lander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McKean=Michael McKean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Elliott=Chris Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Kaufman=Andy Kaufman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Carson=Johnny Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Lenat=Douglas Lenat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Okrand=Marc Okrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_Nash=Clarence Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Gallup=George Gallup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypereides=Hypereides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Peto=Morton Peto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chespirito=Chespirito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Barbarin=Paul Barbarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Barbarin=Louis Barbarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefan_Zweig=Stefan Zweig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dou_Xian=Dou Xian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry_Herman=Jerry Herman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_L._Watson=Harry L. Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Merman=Ethel Merman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Cros=Charles Cros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Wilhelm_Siemens=Carl Wilhelm Siemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Baldwin_Wood=A. Baldwin Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Dalai_Lama=3rd Dalai Lama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Dalai_Lama=1st Dalai Lama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jef_Raskin=Jef Raskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Kiepert=Heinrich Kiepert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denzel_Washington=Denzel Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jethro_Tull_(agriculturist)=Jethro Tull (agriculturist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Shaffer=Paul Shaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Elliott_(comedian)=Bob Elliott (comedian)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Seidler=Harry Seidler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Hartman=Phil Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvert_DeForest=Calvert DeForest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Oz=Frank Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Postgate=Oliver Postgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bannister=Roger Bannister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rie_Mastenbroek=Rie Mastenbroek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuya_Mizuguchi=Tetsuya Mizuguchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigel_Lawson=Nigel Lawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabelle_Adjani=Isabelle Adjani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Ann_Quinlan=Karen Ann Quinlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro_Carnesecchi=Pietro Carnesecchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liev_Schreiber=Liev Schreiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrian=Arrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearchus=Nearchus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Branagh=Kenneth Branagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Furlan=Mira Furlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nella_Larsen=Nella Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Sell_Cotman=John Sell Cotman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnus_Erlendsson,_Earl_of_Orkney=Magnus Erlendsson, Earl of Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice,_Prince_of_Orange=Maurice, Prince of Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Frost_(Chartist)=John Frost (Chartist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_Kay_Penman=Sharon Kay Penman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Gainsbourg=Charlotte Gainsbourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._R._Narayanan=K. R. Narayanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joschka_Fischer=Joschka Fischer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Goodman=Andrew Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_O'Brian=Patrick O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Sirk=Douglas Sirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo_Jangeborg=Bo Jangeborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Vigeland=Gustav Vigeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curt_Sachs=Curt Sachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Hemings=Sally Hemings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carol_Cleveland=Carol Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittoria_Colonna=Vittoria Colonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morley_Callaghan=Morley Callaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_West,_3rd_Baron_De_La_Warr=Thomas West, 3rd Baron De La Warr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_F._Sowa=John F. Sowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vladimir_Levin=Vladimir Levin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyaltsab_Je=Gyaltsab Je
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwenwynwyn_ap_Owain=Gwenwynwyn ap Owain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hughes_(filmmaker)=John Hughes (filmmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_P._Zakim=Leonard P. Zakim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rather=Dan Rather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bresson=Robert Bresson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinosuke_Gosho=Heinosuke Gosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Chabrol=Claude Chabrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Louis-Dreyfus=Julia Louis-Dreyfus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Manfredy=Angel Manfredy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Novello=Don Novello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Sandler=Adam Sandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Zmuda=Bob Zmuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tina_Fey=Tina Fey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_Adams=Abigail Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effie_Gray=Effie Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lansing=Robert Lansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Teena=Brandon Teena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Lozada=Johnny Lozada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Parsons_(rocket_engineer)=Jack Parsons (rocket engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laraine_Newman=Laraine Newman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Curtin=Jane Curtin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Carter_(boxer)=Jimmy Carter (boxer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_Morris=Garrett Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Murray=Bill Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Doyle-Murray=Brian Doyle-Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hogarth=William Hogarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Catherine_Grey=Lady Catherine Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Myers=Mike Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Streicher=Julius Streicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theobald_Mathew_(temperance_reformer)=Theobald Mathew (temperance reformer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Paul_Migne=Jacques Paul Migne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Stumpf_(writer)=Johann Stumpf (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Martyr_Vermigli=Peter Martyr Vermigli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josias_Simmler=Josias Simmler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Jakob_Scheuchzer=Johann Jakob Scheuchzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Aldrich=Henry Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Carissimi=Giacomo Carissimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco_Cavalli=Francesco Cavalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetto_Marcello=Benedetto Marcello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luigi_Rossi=Luigi Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ralston_Saul=John Ralston Saul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonio_Cesti=Antonio Cesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rosenbaum=Michael Rosenbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Morrissey=Paul Morrissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_von_Siemens=Hermann von Siemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Davis_Millet=Francis Davis Millet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cavendish_(courtier)=William Cavendish (courtier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soleil_Moon_Frye=Soleil Moon Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Taylor_(novelist)=Elizabeth Taylor (novelist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Abbott=George Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Spurgeon=Charles Spurgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Smothers=Dick Smothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Cancel=Miguel Cancel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_DeVito=Danny DeVito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidore_de_Lara=Isidore de Lara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Wright=Steven Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Richards=Michael Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_von_Foerster=Heinz von Foerster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgan=Henry Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_Duby=Georges Duby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blayne_Weaver=Blayne Weaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Taylor=Christine Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Gummersall=Devon Gummersall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Renoir=Jean Renoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Zukor=Adolph Zukor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Beck=Jeff Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Boyle=Danny Boyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Browne=Harry Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Dodds=Johnny Dodds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy_Wiedoeft=Rudy Wiedoeft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Frank_Russell=Eric Frank Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Lardner,_Jr.=Ring Lardner, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Masso=Charlie Masso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dred_Scott=Dred Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfrid_Wilson_Gibson=Wilfrid Wilson Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Sorley=Charles Sorley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Tyrrell=James Tyrrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Brown=Julie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Abbott=Bud Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Costello=Lou Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ericsson=John Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlothar_III=Chlothar III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childebert_I=Childebert I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childebert_II=Childebert II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Bow=Clara Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Kirkpatrick=Wayne Kirkpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_M._Wright=Edwin M. Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Washington_Wiley=Harvey Washington Wiley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Reyes=Ray Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Rapper=Irving Rapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Slonimsky=Nicolas Slonimsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Nathan_Kane=Joseph Nathan Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Finkelstein=Louis Finkelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emil_Jannings=Emil Jannings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Caballero=Steve Caballero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramiro_I_of_Aragon=Ramiro I of Aragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_I_of_Aragon_and_Navarre=Peter I of Aragon and Navarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Erhard=Werner Erhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Joinville=Jean de Joinville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Koch_(director)=Carl Koch (director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Andrade=David Andrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Pearl_Andrews=Stephen Pearl Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornelis_de_Houtman=Cornelis de Houtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Astin=Sean Astin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontius_Pilate=Pontius Pilate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_N._Dorff=Elliot N. Dorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Griffith=Andy Griffith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aphra_Behn=Aphra Behn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mirkin=David Mirkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Kavner=Julie Kavner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela_Hayden=Pamela Hayden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tress_MacNeille=Tress MacNeille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Cartwright=Nancy Cartwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcia_Wallace=Marcia Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Azaria=Hank Azaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Shahak=Israel Shahak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odo,_Earl_of_Kent=Odo, Earl of Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Stern=Howard Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Prescott=William H. Prescott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernando_Flores=Fernando Flores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_McCorvey=Norma McCorvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Tudor=Owen Tudor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_MacArthur=Charles MacArthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolph_Ochs=Adolph Ochs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erich_von_Hornbostel=Erich von Hornbostel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_MacDougall=Alex MacDougall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Flesch=Greg Flesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_McTaggart=Ed McTaggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Chandler=Tim Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Watson=Rob Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Howard,_1st_Duke_of_Norfolk=John Howard, 1st Duke of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Euwe=Max Euwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_Cox=Archibald Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Keel=Howard Keel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Holman_Hunt=William Holman Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinoba_Bhave=Vinoba Bhave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li-Chen_Wang=Li-Chen Wang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herostratus=Herostratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claude_Joseph_Rouget_de_Lisle=Claude Joseph Rouget de Lisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaufre_Rudel=Jaufre Rudel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edward_Robinson=John Edward Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Slocum=Matt Slocum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Gaveston,_1st_Earl_of_Cornwall=Piers Gaveston, 1st Earl of Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Baker_Eddy=Mary Baker Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Cavendish_(writer)=George Cavendish (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatuey=Hatuey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alun_Lewis=Alun Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Ceiriog_Hughes=John Ceiriog Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cavendish=John Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_the_Great=Hugh the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Mitford=Jessica Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Mitford=Unity Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Devonshire=Deborah Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Mitford=Diana Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_Simpson=Jeffrey Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Sawa=Devon Sawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adele_Astaire=Adele Astaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Cavendish,_Duchess_of_Newcastle-upon-Tyne=Margaret Cavendish, Duchess of Newcastle-upon-Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cavendish=Thomas Cavendish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Moose=Charles Moose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Bigod_of_Norfolk=Roger Bigod of Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Hietanen=Helena Hietanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Paxton=Joseph Paxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Epstein=Brian Epstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mal_Evans=Mal Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Aspinall=Neil Aspinall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Sutherland=Donald Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Greene_(actor)=Graham Greene (actor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Giles=Ernest Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Bartlett_Giamatti=A. Bartlett Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Giamatti=Marcus Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Giamatti=Paul Giamatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Soong=James Soong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_I._Marcus=Alan I. Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Davis_(cartoonist)=Jim Davis (cartoonist)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Gresham=Thomas Gresham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Groulx=Lionel Groulx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarojini_Naidu=Sarojini Naidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Gorham=Nathaniel Gorham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johann_Strauss_II=Johann Strauss II
