http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALF_Tales=ALF Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beverly_Hillbillies=The Beverly Hillbillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavis_and_Butt-head=Beavis and Butt-head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackadder=Blackadder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Red_Button=BBC Red Button
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_(TV_series)=Big Brother (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagpuss=Bagpuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheers=Cheers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronation_Street=Coronation Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who=Doctor Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Adjust_Your_Set=Do Not Adjust Your Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Song_Contest=Eurovision Song Contest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastEnders=EastEnders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontline_(Australian_TV_series)=Frontline (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Ted=Father Ted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends=Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Feather_Falls=Four Feather Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawlty_Towers=Fawlty Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasier=Frasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hee_Haw=Hee Haw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Improvement_(TV_series)=Home Improvement (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Cards_(UK_TV_series)=House of Cards (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married..._with_Children=Married... with Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Headroom_(TV_series)=Max Headroom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mickey_Mouse_Club=The Mickey Mouse Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Science_Theater_3000=Mystery Science Theater 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Foot_in_the_Grave=One Foot in the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(TV_series)=Phoenix (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Gang=Press Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dwarf=Red Dwarf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ren_&_Stimpy_Show=The Ren & Stimpy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine=Star Trek: Deep Space Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Enterprise=Star Trek: Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Original_Series=Star Trek: The Original Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation=Star Trek: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Animated_Series=Star Trek: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Voyager=Star Trek: Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park=South Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seinfeld=Seinfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons=The Simpsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A-Team=The A-Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Files=The X-Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Peaks=Twin Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_U.N.C.L.E.=The Man from U.N.C.L.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Six_Million_Dollar_Man=The Six Million Dollar Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teletubbies=Teletubbies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner=The Prisoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Starlost=The Starlost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clangers=Clangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avengers_(TV_series)=The Avengers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weakest_Link_(UK_game_show)=The Weakest Link (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_and_Gromit=Wallace and Gromit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xena:_Warrior_Princess=Xena: Warrior Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_Minutes=60 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Chef=Iron Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Death_Us_Do_Part=Till Death Us Do Part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_Is_Right_(U.S._game_show)=The Price Is Right (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_SG-1=Stargate SG-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Five-O=Hawaii Five-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brady_Bunch=The Brady Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppet_Show=The Muppet Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracker_(UK_TV_series)=Cracker (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_(TV_series)=Dreams (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Hazzard=The Dukes of Hazzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_(1982_TV_series)=Knight Rider (1982 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_in_the_Hall=The Kids in the Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Angel_(TV_series)=Dark Angel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer=Buffy the Vampire Slayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesame_Street=Sesame Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crocodile_Hunter=The Crocodile Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Powerpuff_Girls=The Powerpuff Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones=The Flintstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible=Mission: Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth:_Final_Conflict=Earth: Final Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(TV_series)=The Magician (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Leap=Quantum Leap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Kangaroo=Captain Kangaroo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Police=Fashion Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Phase_II=Star Trek: Phase II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinnerladies=Dinnerladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Munsters=The Munsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Squares=Hollywood Squares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Fabulous=Absolutely Fabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Team=Time Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_Wing=The West Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Your_Luck=Press Your Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_Game=Match Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy_the_Bush_Kangaroo=Skippy the Bush Kangaroo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oprah_Winfrey_Show=The Oprah Winfrey Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Rock=Cop Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Adamant_Lives!=Adam Adamant Lives!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matlock_(TV_series)=Matlock (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverwhere=Neverwhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripping_Yarns=Ripping Yarns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Company=The Electric Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farscape=Farscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake's_7=Blake's 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Gallery=Night Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_(TV_series)=Seven Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey_Night_in_Canada=Hockey Night in Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_and_the_Man=Chico and the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_(TV_series)=24 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocky_and_Bullwinkle_Show=The Rocky and Bullwinkle Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Pompeii!=Up Pompeii!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Summer_Wine=Last of the Summer Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goof_Troop=Goof Troop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse_Works=Mickey Mouse Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andromeda_(TV_series)=Andromeda (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Roundabout=The Magic Roundabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daria=Daria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_House_of_Mouse=Disney's House of Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremiah_(TV_series)=Jeremiah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Line_Is_It_Anyway%3F_(UK_TV_series)=Whose Line Is It Anyway? (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottom_(TV_series)=Bottom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jetsons=The Jetsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mary_Tyler_Moore_Show=The Mary Tyler Moore Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sopranos=The Sopranos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City=Sex and the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO_World_Championship_Boxing=HBO World Championship Boxing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad_(TV_series)=Dad (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_McGuire=Lizzie McGuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House=Full House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Pains=Growing Pains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passions=Passions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilligan's_Island=Gilligan's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waltons=The Waltons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsRadio=NewsRadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_World=Boy Meets World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gong_Show=The Gong Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_Teen_Hunger_Force=Aqua Teen Hunger Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraggle_Rock=Fraggle Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Partridge_Family=The Partridge Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candid_Camera=Candid Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Likely_Lads=The Likely Lads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to_the_Likely_Lads%3F=Whatever Happened to the Likely Lads?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Minister=Yes Minister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cassidy:_Man_Under_Cover=David Cassidy: Man Under Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Most_Horrid=Murder Most Horrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roseanne_Show=The Roseanne Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricki_Lake_(TV_series)=Ricki Lake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Being_Served%3F=Are You Being Served?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_Week=Wall Street Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Time_Goes_By_(TV_series)=As Time Goes By (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills,_90210=Beverly Hills, 90210
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_by_the_Bell=Saved by the Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanne=Roseanne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkwing_Duck=Darkwing Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Spaces=Trading Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Page_Challenge=Front Page Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knightmare=Knightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(TV_series)=In the Heat of the Night (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_(1978_TV_series)=Dallas (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter's_Laboratory=Dexter's Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_with_David_Letterman=Late Night with David Letterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Show_with_David_Letterman=Late Show with David Letterman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tonight_Show=The Tonight Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Unknown=Out of the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Incorporated=Kids Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_on_the_Floor_(Canadian_TV_series)=Four on the Floor (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_(TV_series)=Arthur (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic_Relief=Comic Relief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punky_Brewster=Punky Brewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smothers_Brothers=Smothers Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(TV_series)=Taxi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World=The Real World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridays_(TV_series)=Fridays (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undressed=Undressed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_and_Costello=Abbott and Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_&_Martin's_Laugh-In=Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_(TV_series)=Oz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andy_Griffith_Show=The Andy Griffith Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_(franchise)=Dragnet (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_Double_Feature=Creature Double Feature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jerry_Springer_Show=The Jerry Springer Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Rogers'_Neighborhood=Mister Rogers' Neighborhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postman_Pat=Postman Pat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ed_Sullivan_Show=The Ed Sullivan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_I_Got_News_for_You=Have I Got News for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Cat=Top Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Grace_(TV_series)=State of Grace (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonder_Years=The Wonder Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(1999_TV_series)=Angel (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary-Kate_and_Ashley_in_Action!=Mary-Kate and Ashley in Action!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Larry_Sanders_Show=The Larry Sanders Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Witness=Silent Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman=Ultraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Lucy=I Love Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Planets=Battle of the Planets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quack_Pack=Quack Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newhart=Newhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Hour_Has_22_Minutes=This Hour Has 22 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctors_(TV_series)=Doctors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos:_A_Personal_Voyage=Cosmos: A Personal Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogan's_Heroes=Hogan's Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_Family=The Proud Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braceface=Braceface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaced=Spaced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_City_Television=Second City Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Space=Lost in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Feud=Family Feud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_(game_show)=Countdown (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(TV_series)=Masterpiece (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Night=The Edge of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M*A*S*H_(TV_series)=M*A*S*H (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_The_Animated_Series=Superman: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dick_Van_Dyke_Show=The Dick Van Dyke Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsCenter=SportsCenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_(TV_series)=Firefly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Stevens=Even Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Life_(1975_TV_series)=The Good Life (1975 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker_(2000_TV_series)=Tucker (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesame_Park=Sesame Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Wife=Meet the Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Sickness_and_in_Health=In Sickness and in Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_the_Family=All in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYPD_Blue=NYPD Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Mothers_Do_'Ave_'Em=Some Mothers Do 'Ave 'Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(TV_series)=Julia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Stalkings=Silk Stalkings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Gentlemen=The League of Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Jett_Jackson=The Famous Jett Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Toon_Adventures=Tiny Toon Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Shadows=Dark Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliders=Sliders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_as_Folk_(UK_TV_series)=Queer as Folk (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsreaders=Newsreaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!_with_Kelly_and_Michael=Live! with Kelly and Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson's_Creek=Dawson's Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Press=Meet the Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Farce_Live=Air Farce Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Scarlet_and_the_Mysterons=Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fresh_Prince_of_Bel-Air=The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maid_Marian_and_Her_Merry_Men=Maid Marian and Her Merry Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_and_Away=Home and Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_and_White_Minstrel_Show=The Black and White Minstrel Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Snuggles=Doctor Snuggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosby_Show=The Cosby Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Lost_(1974_TV_series)=Land of the Lost (1974 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Christie's_Poirot=Agatha Christie's Poirot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder,_She_Wrote=Murder, She Wrote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Osbournes=The Osbournes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mork_&_Mindy=Mork & Mindy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Days=Happy Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Place=Melrose Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Animated_Series=Batman: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adam_and_Joe_Show=The Adam and Joe Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybill=Cybill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Family=An American Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Ties=Family Ties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Power_Rangers=Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order=Law & Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Up_Appearances=Keeping Up Appearances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bean=Mr. Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Three_Sons=My Three Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels=Charlie's Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_with_Conan_O'Brien=Late Night with Conan O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_City_Limits=Austin City Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(U.S._TV_series)=The Bachelor (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelorette=The Bachelorette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceefax=Ceefax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steptoe_and_Son=Steptoe and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duckman=Duckman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ER_(TV_series)=ER (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverne_&_Shirley=Laverne & Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealab_2021=Sealab 2021
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupling_(UK_TV_series)=Coupling (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Fortunes=Family Fortunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonanza=Bonanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Huckleberry_Hound_Show=The Huckleberry Hound Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designing_Women=Designing Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Late_Show=The Late Late Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Challenge=University Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krypton_Factor=The Krypton Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Behaving_Badly=Men Behaving Badly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Ones_(TV_series)=The Young Ones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pebbles_and_Bamm-Bamm_Show=The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.E.S._Hudson_Street=A.E.S. Hudson Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skatebirds=The Skatebirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes=The Dukes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smothers_Brothers_Comedy_Hour=The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripperella=Stripperella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Family_(2003_TV_series)=Happy Family (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond_Jr.=James Bond Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Holiday_Special=Star Wars Holiday Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobol_y_Cwm=Pobol y Cwm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay_and_Johnny=Mary Kay and Johnny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_at_Night=The Sky at Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugrats=Rugrats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_All_Hours=Open All Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Guy=Family Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RI:SE=RI:SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_11_O'Clock_Show=The 11 O'Clock Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_McCoys=The Real McCoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltron=Voltron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Bandstand=American Bandstand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolhouse_Rock!=Schoolhouse Rock!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency!=Emergency!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_and_the_Beautiful=The Bold and the Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guiding_Light=Guiding Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_and_the_Restless=The Young and the Restless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_World_Turns=As the World Turns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Idol=American Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._Pufnstuf=H. R. Pufnstuf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soap_(TV_series)=Soap (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmerdale=Emmerdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_It_Up!_(TV_series)=Live It Up! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veritas:_The_Quest=Veritas: The Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_World_News_Tonight=ABC World News Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Nightly_News=NBC Nightly News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Evening_News=CBS Evening News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Football=Monday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Going_On_(TV_series)=What's Going On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Morning_News=CBS Morning News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged=MTV Unplugged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Loves_Raymond=Everybody Loves Raymond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_Special_Victims_Unit=Law & Order: Special Victims Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banzai_(TV_series)=Banzai (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Request_Live=Total Request Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Brisco_County,_Jr.=The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Thy_Neighbour=Love Thy Neighbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Fools_and_Horses=Only Fools and Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Manor_Born=To the Manor Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Robo_(tokusatsu)=Giant Robo (tokusatsu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Show_of_Shows=Your Show of Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Street_Blues=Hill Street Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_of_Dock_Green=Dixon of Dock Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Arnold!=Hey Arnold!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamb_Chop's_Play-Along=Lamb Chop's Play-Along
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_Comforts=Creature Comforts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuckTales=DuckTales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_and_Son=Sanford and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_the_Dead_Donkey=Drop the Dead Donkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Lightyear_of_Star_Command=Buzz Lightyear of Star Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Screen_Savers=The Screen Savers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porridge_(TV_series)=Porridge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banana_Splits=The Banana Splits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasty_(TV_series)=Dynasty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colbys=The Colbys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Gas_and_Gaiters=All Gas and Gaiters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_This_Ring=With This Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_to_Woman_(radio)=Woman to Woman (radio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAG_(TV_series)=JAG (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Last_the_1948_Show=At Last the 1948 Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmed=Charmed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_&_Friends=Barney & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_'n_Dale_Rescue_Rangers=Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oblongs=The Oblongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old-Time_Gospel_Hour=The Old-Time Gospel Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_City_(TV_series)=Capital City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacGyver=MacGyver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitting_Image=Spitting Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curb_Your_Enthusiasm=Curb Your Enthusiasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrubs_(TV_series)=Scrubs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Kimmel_Live!=Jimmy Kimmel Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Richter_Controls_the_Universe=Andy Richter Controls the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Crowd_with_Colin_Quinn=Tough Crowd with Colin Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Hope=Chicago Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Feet_Under_(TV_series)=Six Feet Under (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_City=Fair City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_700_Club=The 700 Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auf_Wiedersehen,_Pet=Auf Wiedersehen, Pet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men_(TV_series)=X-Men (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Hospital_(UK_TV_series)=General Hospital (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsolved_Mysteries=Unsolved Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(U.S._TV_program)=Today (U.S. TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_in_Their_Eyes=Stars in Their Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMX_(TV_series)=IMX (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurama=Futurama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_at_War=The World at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_in_the_Crown_(TV_series)=The Jewel in the Crown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_96_(TV_series)=Number 96 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Winnie_the_Pooh=The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Thornberrys=The Wild Thornberrys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironside_(1967_TV_series)=Ironside (1967 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chigley=Chigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_&_Friends=Thomas & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThunderCats_(1985_TV_series)=ThunderCats (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Box_(TV_series)=The Box (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairly_OddParents=The Fairly OddParents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Affairs=Family Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Night=Sports Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raggy_Dolls=The Raggy Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontline_(U.S._TV_series)=Frontline (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Exposure=Northern Exposure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_Show=The Daily Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tru_Calling=Tru Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grange_Hill=Grange Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Suspect=Prime Suspect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_Pops=Top of the Pops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_(TV_series)=Crossfire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minga_y_Petraca=Minga y Petraca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhoda=Rhoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_of_Sherwood=Robin of Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Power=Rocket Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeeves_and_Wooster=Jeeves and Wooster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Living_Color=In Living Color
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Queens=The King of Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_On=Vision On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReBoot=ReBoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Doctors=The Young Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabin_Fever_(TV_series)=Cabin Fever (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacky_Races=Wacky Races
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALF_(TV_series)=ALF (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_(TV_series)=Prisoner (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_(1972_TV_series)=Zoom (1972 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock_Presents=Alfred Hitchcock Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_Crime_Scene_Investigation=CSI: Crime Scene Investigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stingray_(TV_series)=Stingray (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(1994_TV_series)=Spider-Man (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Generation_Game=The Generation Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-American_Girl_(1994_TV_series)=All-American Girl (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Relative=It's All Relative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Ed=Mister Ed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Smart=Get Smart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Rock_from_the_Sun=3rd Rock from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheez_TV=Cheez TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_City=Spin City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodies_(TV_series)=Bodies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymooners=The Honeymooners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_and_Rise_of_Reginald_Perrin=The Fall and Rise of Reginald Perrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_in_a_Million=Chance in a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbo=Columbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Bad=Strong Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_and_Mrs._King=Scarecrow and Mrs. King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WKRP_in_Cincinnati=WKRP in Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Vice=Miami Vice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Sesame_Street=History of Sesame Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenly_Susan=Suddenly Susan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space:_1999=Space: 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Rainbow=Reading Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Affair=Family Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Man=Danger Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mog_(TV_series)=Mog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KYTV_(TV_series)=KYTV (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Impression=The Big Impression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivors_(1975_TV_series)=Survivors (1975 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ringers_(comedy)=Dead Ringers (comedy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2DTV=2DTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three's_Company=Three's Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_te_Duermas=No te Duermas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_'70s_Show=That '70s Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iznogoud=Iznogoud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood_(TV_series)=The Adventures of Robin Hood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum,_P.I.=Magnum, P.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywatch=Baywatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Rocks=Toronto Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Patrol_(1950_TV_series)=Space Patrol (1950 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Juniors=American Juniors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Ain't_Half_Hot_Mum=It Ain't Half Hot Mum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Story_(TV_series)=Police Story (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rockford_Files=The Rockford Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_as_Folk_(2000_TV_series)=Queer as Folk (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Painting=The Joy of Painting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Young_Dancers=Eurovision Young Dancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tonight_Show_with_Jay_Leno=The Tonight Show with Jay Leno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_on_Earth_Is_Carmen_Sandiego%3F=Where on Earth Is Carmen Sandiego?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_O.C.=The O.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk'd=Punk'd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pitts=The Pitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Peter=Blue Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_&_Grace=Will & Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Hit_Parade=Your Hit Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_About_the_House=Man About the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Sonic_the_Hedgehog=Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaurs_(TV_series)=Dinosaurs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_AM=Canada AM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swans_Crossing=Swans Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Stupid_Dogs=2 Stupid Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_(TV_series)=Alias (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Idol=Pop Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_(TV_series)=Batman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwolf=Airwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_in_the_Middle=Malcolm in the Middle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny=The Nanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed,_Edd_n_Eddy=Ed, Edd n Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(TV_series)=Crusade (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arliss=Arliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_High=Galaxy High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(1990_TV_series)=Wings (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puddle_Lane=Puddle Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tube_(TV_series)=The Tube (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Most_Wanted=America's Most Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_the_Cowardly_Dog=Courage the Cowardly Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intervision_Song_Contest=Intervision Song Contest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minder_(TV_series)=Minder (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarissa_Explains_It_All=Clarissa Explains It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pee-wee's_Playhouse=Pee-wee's Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Mind_the_Buzzcocks=Never Mind the Buzzcocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kenny_Everett_Video_Show=The Kenny Everett Video Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Simple_Rules=8 Simple Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastermind_(TV_series)=Mastermind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Jimmy_Neutron:_Boy_Genius=The Adventures of Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooperman=Hooperman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovejoy=Lovejoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_Adventures_of_the_Gummi_Bears=Disney's Adventures of the Gummi Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Creek=Jonathan Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_(TV_series)=Las Vegas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_(TV_series)=Eve (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopi=Whoopi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_and_a_Half_Men=Two and a Half Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Beaver=Leave It to Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_Evolution=X-Men: Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Heaven_(TV_series)=7th Heaven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCallum_(TV_series)=McCallum (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Idol=Canadian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujer,_Casos_de_la_Vida_Real=Mujer, Casos de la Vida Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Smith=Citizen Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Earth_(TV_series)=Life on Earth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_(TV_series)=Nova (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_Unleashed=Anime Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joe_Schmo_Show=The Joe Schmo Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Mouse_(TV_series)=Danger Mouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_Today=The Day Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_&_Steel=Sapphire & Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Later..._with_Jools_Holland=Later... with Jools Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_Who_Killed_Kennedy=The Men Who Killed Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politically_Incorrect=Politically Incorrect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Peculiar_Practice=A Very Peculiar Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(UK_TV_series)=Survivor (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Duckula=Count Duckula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_of_Arcadia=Joan of Arcadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underdog_(TV_series)=Underdog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Told_by_Ginger=As Told by Ginger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Grown_Up!=All Grown Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Jordan=Crossing Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Us_a_Clue=Give Us a Clue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaleSpin=TaleSpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Tunnel=The Time Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_$64,000_Question=The $64,000 Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers!=Voyagers!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_of_Wands=Ace of Wands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shield=The Shield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonkers_(TV_series)=Bonkers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocko's_Modern_Life=Rocko's Modern Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nip/Tuck=Nip/Tuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Streets_of_San_Francisco=The Streets of San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Matters=Family Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Spies!=Totally Spies!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anna_Nicole_Show=The Anna Nicole Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_Teenage_Robot=My Life as a Teenage Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Life_to_Live=One Life to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrities_Uncensored=Celebrities Uncensored
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaahh!!!_Real_Monsters=Aaahh!!! Real Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChalkZone=ChalkZone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_Mr._Wizard=Watch Mr. Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Beavers=The Angry Beavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_SmackDown=WWE SmackDown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_O'Reilly_Factor=The O'Reilly Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Train_48=Train 48
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_It_Now=See It Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upright_Citizens_Brigade=Upright Citizens Brigade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Bugito=Santo Bugito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timon_&_Pumbaa_(TV_series)=Timon & Pumbaa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_My_Bluff=Call My Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Chan_Adventures=Jackie Chan Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_Files_of_Shelby_Woo=The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Chan_and_the_Chan_Clan=The Amazing Chan and the Chan Clan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maude_(TV_series)=Maude (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_Eye=Queer Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persuaders!=The Persuaders!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roobarb=Roobarb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protectors=The Protectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Fudge=Hot Fudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Canada=Made in Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_&_Ruby=Max & Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_a_Deal=Let's Make a Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_the_Builder=Bob the Builder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_the_Explorer=Dora the Explorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Afraid_of_the_Dark%3F=Are You Afraid of the Dark?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookside=Brookside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facts_of_Life_(TV_series)=The Facts of Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_anthology_television_series=Walt Disney anthology television series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Happening!!=What's Happening!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_the_'80s_Strikes_Back=I Love the '80s Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doug=Doug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Play=X-Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_(TV_series)=Benson (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Lads=The Paper Lads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me_Kate_(TV_series)=Kiss Me Kate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagwa,_the_Chinese_Siamese_Cat=Sagwa, the Chinese Siamese Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Stars=Shooting Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rideau_Hall_(TV_series)=Rideau Hall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Garry_Shandling's_Show=It's Garry Shandling's Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gavin_Crawford_Show=The Gavin Crawford Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_Time_Station=Shining Time Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_and_the_Magic_Torch=Jamie and the Magic Torch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_(1959_TV_series)=The Untouchables (1959 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedians_(TV_series)=The Comedians (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Statesman=The New Statesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Wars_(TV_series)=Robot Wars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimstone_and_Treacle=Brimstone and Treacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgemont_(TV_series)=Edgemont (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Wild_West=The Wild Wild West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Card_Sharks=Card Sharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-9_and_Company=K-9 and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Friends_and_Jerry=The Three Friends and Jerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_the_Boss%3F=Who's the Boss?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetty_Wainthropp_Investigates=Hetty Wainthropp Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Idol=Australian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gargoyles_(TV_series)=Gargoyles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Vets=Emergency Vets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankety_Blank=Blankety Blank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_(game_show)=Pyramid (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_(TV_series)=Ed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_f.p.=Halifax f.p.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kath_&_Kim_(Australian_TV_series)=Kath & Kim (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilmore_Girls=Gilmore Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Job_Jack=Odd Job Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Civil_War_(TV_series)=The Civil War (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(TV_series)=Maverick (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkinson_(TV_series)=Parkinson (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QI=QI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockbusters_(UK_game_show)=Blockbusters (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yule_Log_(TV_program)=Yule Log (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Adventures_of_Jules_Verne=The Secret Adventures of Jules Verne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times=Good Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetten,_dass..%3F=Wetten, dass..?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillside_(TV_series)=Hillside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Back,_Kotter=Welcome Back, Kotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sifl_and_Olly_Show=The Sifl and Olly Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Gold_Monkey=Tales of the Gold Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McLaughlin_Group=The McLaughlin Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amanda_Show=The Amanda Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Walsh:_Open_Book=Mary Walsh: Open Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dunphy_Show=The Dunphy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10_Percenters=The 10 Percenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brittas_Empire=The Brittas Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Texas_Ranger=Walker, Texas Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Gentlemen_Please=Time Gentlemen Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FightBox=FightBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Men:_Pryde_of_the_X-Men=X-Men: Pryde of the X-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Keyhole=Through the Keyhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weekenders=The Weekenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider=Kamen Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_101_(TV_series)=Room 101 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewitched=Bewitched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsterpiece_Theater=Monsterpiece Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Static_Shock=Static Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Robin_Hood=Rocket Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tavis_Smiley_Show=The Tavis Smiley Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caerdydd=Caerdydd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dancing=Come Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast_(1987_TV_series)=Beauty and the Beast (1987 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Patrol_(TV_series)=Highway Patrol (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Planet=The Blue Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_the_Freezer=Life in the Freezer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Birds=The Life of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Life=The Trials of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Mammals=The Life of Mammals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primetime_(TV_series)=Primetime (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicide:_Life_on_the_Street=Homicide: Life on the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Ronnies=The Two Ronnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_Smith_and_Jones=Alias Smith and Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newlywed_Game=The Newlywed Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League_(TV_series)=Justice League (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Mermaid_(TV_series)=The Little Mermaid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaoke_(TV_series)=Karaoke (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reverb_(TV_series)=Reverb (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eerie,_Indiana=Eerie, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simple_Life=The Simple Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family=My Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_&_Faith=Hope & Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friendly_Giant=The Friendly Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_TV=Mad TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Funniest_Home_Videos=America's Funniest Home Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dream_of_Jeannie=I Dream of Jeannie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Adventures_of_Mumfie=Magic Adventures of Mumfie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Break=Big Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freakazoid!=Freakazoid!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaQuest_DSV=SeaQuest DSV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Birdman,_Attorney_at_Law=Harvey Birdman, Attorney at Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brak_Show=The Brak Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_Infinity=Stargate Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_Atlantis=Stargate Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk_(TV_series)=Monk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Wonderland=This Is Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_Ben_Stein's_Money=Win Ben Stein's Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kumars_at_No._42=The Kumars at No. 42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Beach=Son of the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Village_(TV_series)=Global Village (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Idol=World Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Stand_with_Dick_Dietrick=Night Stand with Dick Dietrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomorrow_People=The Tomorrow People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Boat=The Love Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_the_Interruption=Pardon the Interruption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_High_Road=Take the High Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Your_Life=This Is Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_90=Joe 90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomniac_with_Dave_Attell=Insomniac with Dave Attell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_America=Good Morning America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Santa_Claus_Parade=Toronto Santa Claus Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_On_(TV_series)=Dream On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_First=Knock First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Comic_Standing=Last Comic Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_911!=Reno 911!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweeney=The Sweeney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/72_Hours:_True_Crime=72 Hours: True Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Allo_'Allo!='Allo 'Allo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_(TV_series)=Franklin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Corners_(TV_series)=Four Corners (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_2.0=Jake 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_of_Five=Party of Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E!_True_Hollywood_Story=E! True Hollywood Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Series=Up Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Network_Stars=Battle of the Network Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooks=Spooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Morphin_Alien_Rangers=Mighty Morphin Alien Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Zeo=Power Rangers Zeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hill's_Fruit_Corner=Harry Hill's Fruit Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Mystery_Movie=NBC Mystery Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Movies_(TV_series)=Home Movies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dare_(Nickelodeon_game_show)=Double Dare (Nickelodeon game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Adder=The Black Adder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackadder_II=Blackadder II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crank_Yankers=Crank Yankers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_for_the_Top=Reach for the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Boy_(TV_series)=Boy Meets Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Raw=WWE Raw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Like_Me=Dead Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Gunn=Peter Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_La_Bam=Viva La Bam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildboyz=Wildboyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to..._Robot_Jones%3F=Whatever Happened to... Robot Jones?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy,_M.E.=Quincy, M.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royle_Family=The Royle Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_for_Help=Call for Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verano_azul=Verano azul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name_That_Tune=Name That Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicity_(TV_series)=Felicity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Small_Town_X=Murder in Small Town X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grounded_for_Life=Grounded for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_2=Studio 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Miller_Live=Dennis Miller Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carol_Burnett_Show=The Carol Burnett Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingu=Pingu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_King_Live=Larry King Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didn't_They_Do_Well=Didn't They Do Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Ninja_Storm=Power Rangers Ninja Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wok_with_Yan=Wok with Yan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zeta_Project=The Zeta Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_Link,_Secret_Chimp=Lancelot Link, Secret Chimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_&_Max=Me & Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Doe_(TV_series)=John Doe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Jack=Samurai Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boohbah=Boohbah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Island=Fantasy Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masada_(miniseries)=Masada (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Celebrity...Get_Me_Out_of_Here!=I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Archies=The New Archies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie's_Weird_Mysteries=Archie's Weird Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alienators:_Evolution_Continues=Alienators: Evolution Continues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverdale_(TV_series)=Riverdale (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwood_(TV_series)=Northwood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_Avonlea=Road to Avonlea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_After_Dark=Canada After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Lazarus=Cold Lazarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrosexuality=Metrosexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(TV_series)=The Apprentice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberchase=Cyberchase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Season=Dark Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starsky_&_Hutch=Starsky & Hutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Turbo=Power Rangers Turbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybersix=Cybersix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Friends_in_the_North=Our Friends in the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shnookums_and_Meat_Funny_Cartoon_Show=The Shnookums and Meat Funny Cartoon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_(TV_series)=Absolutely (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas_Smith_and_Jones=Alas Smith and Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_Academy=Fame Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Dressup=Mr. Dressup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newlyweds:_Nick_and_Jessica=Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Sheets_(TV_series)=Between the Sheets (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Public=Boston Public
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Judy=Judge Judy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_About_You=Mad About You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_South_Africa=Idols South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tom_Green_Show=The Tom Green Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_(Polish_TV_series)=Idol (Polish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_(Norwegian_TV_series)=Idol (Norwegian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narodniy_Artist=Narodniy Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperStar_(Arabic_TV_series)=SuperStar (Arabic TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Tell_the_Truth=To Tell the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortland_Street=Shortland Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floris_(TV_series)=Floris (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes=Sykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_(TV_series)=UFO (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Green_Show=The Red Green Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_Miami=CSI: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_On!=Wild On!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Laughs:_Gags=Just for Laughs: Gags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeffersons=The Jeffersons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Jump_Street=21 Jump Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooking_with_the_Wolfman=Cooking with the Wolfman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_(TV_series)=All Saints (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spy_(1965_TV_series)=I Spy (1965 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Britain=Little Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_(TV_series)=Kung Fu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeshi's_Castle=Takeshi's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers_(American_game_show)=Finders Keepers (American game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Mike_with_Mike_Bullard=Open Mike with Mike Bullard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Lions=Between the Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Edition=Early Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_TV=Weird TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howdy_Doody=Howdy Doody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_with_Andy%3F=What's with Andy?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Average_Joe_(TV_series)=Average Joe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_Sex_Show=Sunday Night Sex Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Humphrey=Here's Humphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolet_(TV_serial)=Ultraviolet (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_(Canadian_TV_series)=Missing (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef!=Chef!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_in_Space=Power Rangers in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Dino_Thunder=Power Rangers Dino Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Lost_Galaxy=Power Rangers Lost Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Planet_and_the_Planeteers=Captain Planet and the Planeteers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Brown=Murphy Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_My_Line%3F=What's My Line?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappelle's_Show=Chappelle's Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_So_Raven=That's So Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_of_the_People=Friends of the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharma_&_Greg=Dharma & Greg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_of_Dark_Water=The Pirates of Dark Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrested_Development_(TV_series)=Arrested Development (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_City_(TV_series)=Century City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderfalls=Wonderfalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proinos_Kafes=Proinos Kafes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta_Nea_tou_ANT1=Ta Nea tou ANT1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalimera_Ellada=Kalimera Ellada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Lightspeed_Rescue=Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Eden=Forever Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She-Ra:_Princess_of_Power=She-Ra: Princess of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snorks=Snorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Millionaire=Joe Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of..._(TV_series)=In Search of... (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ripping_Friends=The Ripping Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyunki_Saas_Bhi_Kabhi_Bahu_Thi=Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Train=Big Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_by_an_Angel=Touched by an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_Star=Nashville Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vicar_of_Dibley=The Vicar of Dibley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleventh_Hour_(CTV_series)=The Eleventh Hour (CTV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Dust=Monkey Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Miami=Good Morning, Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3-2-1_Contact=3-2-1 Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Huntley_Street=100 Huntley Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today's_Special=Today's Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001:_A_Space_Road_Odyssey=2001: A Space Road Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZeD=ZeD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Guardian_Sailor_Moon_(live-action_series)=Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon (live-action series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Stories=Austin Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice=The Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_House_on_the_Prairie_(TV_series)=Little House on the Prairie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Diaries=Zoo Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_You_Can=Yes You Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XPM_(TV_series)=XPM (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Variety_Performance=Royal Variety Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animals_of_Farthing_Wood_(TV_series)=The Animals of Farthing Wood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Club_(TV_series)=Girls Club (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robins_(TV_show)=Robins (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_(CBC)=The National (CBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journal_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Journal (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainiac:_Science_Abuse=Brainiac: Science Abuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue's_Clues=Blue's Clues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Wild_Force=Power Rangers Wild Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Time_Force=Power Rangers Time Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_It_Straight=Playing It Straight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CODCO=CODCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_&_Red's_Night_Party=Ed & Red's Night Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judy_Garland_Show=The Judy Garland Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosby=Cosby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Show_with_Bob_and_David=Mr. Show with Bob and David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Elsewhere=St. Elsewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_You_Were_Out=While You Were Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilly_Beach=Chilly Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_vs._Spenny=Kenny vs. Spenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everwood=Everwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiques_Roadshow=Antiques Roadshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_Troop=F Troop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Games_(Australian_TV_series)=The Games (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Serve_and_Protect=To Serve and Protect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayberry_R.F.D.=Mayberry R.F.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Danny_Thomas_Show=The Danny Thomas Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Lucy=Here's Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucy_Show=The Lucy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Miller=Barney Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phil_Silvers_Show=The Phil Silvers Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holmes_Show=The Holmes Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver's_Twist=Oliver's Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Martian=My Favorite Martian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spenser:_For_Hire=Spenser: For Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lois_&_Clark:_The_New_Adventures_of_Superman=Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Your_Day=This is Your Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degrassi_Junior_High=Degrassi Junior High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/227_(TV_series)=227 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_Steady_Cook=Ready Steady Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Books=Black Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_NY=CSI: NY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mod_Squad=The Mod Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_American_Hero=The Greatest American Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelmsford_123=Chelmsford 123
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoppity_Hooper=Hoppity Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clone_High=Clone High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Hart=Take Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Rang,_M'Lord%3F=You Rang, M'Lord?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_in_Action=World in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Us=The Secret Life of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretender_(TV_series)=The Pretender (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_Glass_(TV_series)=Hour Glass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Law=L.A. Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustle_(TV_series)=Hustle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_and_Dom_in_da_Bungalow=Dick and Dom in da Bungalow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilisation_(TV_series)=Civilisation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_20th_Century=The 20th Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/77_Sunset_Strip=77 Sunset Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Skies=African Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermarket_Sweep=Supermarket Sweep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Choice_Awards=People's Choice Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetlejuice_(TV_series)=Beetlejuice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_News:_Unfiltered=MTV News: Unfiltered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carte_Blanche_(TV_series)=Carte Blanche (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam-12=Adam-12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Superman_(TV_series)=Adventures of Superman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Herbert's_Dune=Frank Herbert's Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Search=Star Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolchak:_The_Night_Stalker=Kolchak: The Night Stalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Ghost_Coast_to_Coast=Space Ghost Coast to Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andy_Williams_Show=The Andy Williams Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Oakley_(TV_series)=Annie Oakley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Circle_Theatre=Armstrong Circle Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Godfrey_and_His_Friends=Arthur Godfrey and His Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arsenio_Hall_Show=The Arsenio Hall Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arthur_Murray_Party=The Arthur Murray Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._J._and_the_Bear=B. J. and the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News:_Country_Canada=CBC News: Country Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Your_Life_(TV_series)=Time of Your Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Nights=Phoenix Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Phantom=Danny Phantom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbara_Stanwyck_Show=The Barbara Stanwyck Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_(TV_series)=Cannon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke's_Law=Burke's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Casey=Ben Casey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Acres=Green Acres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caillou=Caillou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Canadian=The Greatest Canadian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenore,_the_Cute_Little_Dead_Girl=Lenore, the Cute Little Dead Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Belvedere=Mr. Belvedere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_'Arf=The Other 'Arf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Old_House=This Old House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jim_Henson_Hour=The Jim Henson Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Tales=Dragon Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller:_Bullshit!=Penn & Teller: Bullshit!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Behaving_Badly=Girls Behaving Badly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_and_Mildred=George and Mildred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Over_(TV_series)=Game Over (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declassified=Declassified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Monday_Nitro=WCW Monday Nitro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_Wars:_Transformers=Beast Wars: Transformers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Terrific=Tom Terrific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_Criminal_Intent=Law & Order: Criminal Intent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_Trial_by_Jury=Law & Order: Trial by Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_World=A Different World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepsi_Breakout=Pepsi Breakout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchild_(TV_series)=Manchild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nighty_Night=Nighty Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Crypt_(TV_series)=Tales from the Crypt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Star=Captain Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Best_Sitcom=Britain's Best Sitcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_Breakers=Record Breakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Damp=Rising Damp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandstand_(TV_series)=Grandstand (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_2525=Cleopatra 2525
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ben_Stiller_Show=The Ben Stiller Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EX-treme_Dating=EX-treme Dating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Myth=The Power of Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_Game=The Adventure Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Blue_Line_(TV_series)=The Thin Blue Line (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Hill=Mission Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbinder_(TV_series)=Spellbinder (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise_Surprise_(TV_series)=Surprise Surprise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Lady_(TV_series)=Pink Lady (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(British_TV_programme)=Discovery (British TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degrassi:_The_Next_Generation=Degrassi: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_and_Nights_of_Molly_Dodd=The Days and Nights of Molly Dodd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Select=MTV Select
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trisha_Goddard_(TV_series)=Trisha Goddard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Maze=The Crystal Maze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Train=Soul Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Hotel=Paradise Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_(U.S._TV_series)=The Restaurant (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosaic:_World_News_from_the_Middle_East=Mosaic: World News from the Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Sam=My Sister Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Hour_Has_Seven_Days=This Hour Has Seven Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Charles=Port Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NewMusic=The NewMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanie_Loves_Chachi=Joanie Loves Chachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darling_Buds_of_May_(TV_series)=The Darling Buds of May (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Lost_(1991_TV_series)=Land of the Lost (1991 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Dreams=California Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama's_Family=Mama's Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2point4_Children=2point4 Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VR_Troopers=VR Troopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_(TV_series)=Dungeons & Dragons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rituals_(TV_series)=Rituals (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Plots=Family Plots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(TV_series)=Alice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Next_Top_Model=America's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storyteller=The Storyteller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNNNN=CNNNN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Others_(TV_series)=The Others (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Sex=Real Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Skies=Dark Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jem_(TV_series)=Jem (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom_(TV_series)=Blossom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(1967_TV_series)=Spider-Man (1967 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Luck!!=Good Luck!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Mad_House=Mad Mad House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesamstraat=Sesamstraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MythBusters=MythBusters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor=Fear Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrabble_(game_show)=Scrabble (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merv_Griffin_Show=The Merv Griffin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Freshmen=Welcome Freshmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_and_Geoff=Marion and Geoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLeod's_Daughters=McLeod's Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_(TV_series)=Joey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Case=Cold Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jam_(TV_series)=Jam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Pride=Father of the Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MXC=MXC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pee-wee_Herman_Show=The Pee-wee Herman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_East_Today=South East Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Crest=Falcon Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Remains_(TV_series)=Human Remains (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Life!=That's Life!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBS_NewsHour=PBS NewsHour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomer_Pyle,_U.S.M.C.=Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastlane_(TV_series)=Fastlane (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Tonight=Entertainment Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline_NBC=Dateline NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Password_(game_show)=Password (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_(1976_TV_series)=Family (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Beach_(TV_series)=Sunset Beach (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_World_(TV_series)=Another World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightingales_(UK_TV_series)=Nightingales (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_(TV_miniseries)=The Kingdom (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizadora=Wizadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Hospital=Kingdom Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Play_(TV_serial)=State of Play (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bernie_Mac_Show=The Bernie Mac Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Experience=American Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_a_Trace=Without a Trace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Show_de_las_12=El Show de las 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Now_or_Never_(game_show)=It's Now or Never (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muppet_Babies=Muppet Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space:_Above_and_Beyond=Space: Above and Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Hear=See Hear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Taste,_No_Money=Great Taste, No Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_to_Grow=Room to Grow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Organization=Mission: Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Eats=Good Eats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Cushing_Live=Christine Cushing Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_by_Step_(TV_series)=Step by Step (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Shoot_Me!=Just Shoot Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagney_&_Lacey=Cagney & Lacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Shade=Evening Shade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_and_Kids=My Wife and Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benefactor=The Benefactor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_(U.S._TV_series)=The View (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_at_Large=Wanda at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parkers=The Parkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_Anaconda=Angela Anaconda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintuplets=Quintuplets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judging_Amy=Judging Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moesha=Moesha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Guy=Smart Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_So-Called_Life=My So-Called Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dating_Game=The Dating Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Herz_und_eine_Seele=Ein Herz und eine Seele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadget_Boy_&_Heather=Gadget Boy & Heather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Valley=The Big Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bionic_Woman=The Bionic Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Legal=Boston Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_(TV_series)=Branded (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbon_Street_Beat=Bourbon Street Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batfink=Batfink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picket_Fences=Picket Fences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Diamond,_Private_Detective=Richard Diamond, Private Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Arvo=The Big Arvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_and_Hopkirk_(Deceased)=Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Music=Behind the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingpin_(TV_series)=Kingpin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_News_Now=World News Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Squad!=Police Squad!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codename:_Kids_Next_Door=Codename: Kids Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefoot_Contessa=Barefoot Contessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsround=Newsround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manimal=Manimal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_a_Feather=Birds of a Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeril_Live=Emeril Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surreal_Gourmet=The Surreal Gourmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwrapped=Unwrapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_Kevin_Smith=An Evening with Kevin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_USA=Superstar USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_(TV_series)=Bread (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterflies_(TV_series)=Butterflies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Commander_Academy=Wing Commander Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bargain_Hunt=Bargain Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Dear=Yes, Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenan_&_Kel=Kenan & Kel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Nation=TV Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale_of_the_Century=Sale of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullseye_(UK_game_show)=Bullseye (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doogie_Howser,_M.D.=Doogie Howser, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Nest=Empty Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_(TV_series)=Martin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Show=The Man Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automan=Automan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_(TV_series)=Idols (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_(TV_series)=Providence (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Single=Living Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Bites=History Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beachcombers=The Beachcombers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_District=The District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigeon_Boy=Pigeon Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Beach=China Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityLine=CityLine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Television=Liquid Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nubeluz=Nubeluz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_&_Eddie=Malcolm & Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_(TV_series)=Play (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker_(TV_series)=Becker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hughleys=The Hughleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Nun=The Flying Nun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-de-Hi!=Hi-de-Hi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Boomer=Here's Boomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riptide_(TV_series)=Riptide (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Brite=Rainbow Brite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raccoons=The Raccoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Bush!=That's My Bush!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_&_Josh=Drake & Josh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Magic_(TV_series)=Animal Magic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steve_Harvey_Show=The Steve Harvey Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jamie_Foxx_Show=The Jamie Foxx Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_Tomorrow=Search for Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defenders_(1961_TV_series)=The Defenders (1961 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(soap_opera)=Crossroads (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Awake_Club=Wide Awake Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacaday=Wacaday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_of_Life=Love of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapper_John,_M.D.=Trapper John, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Hey_It's_Saturday=Hey Hey It's Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Hospital=General Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Nye_the_Science_Guy=Bill Nye the Science Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Lewis_Can't_Lose=Parker Lewis Can't Lose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generations_(U.S._TV_series)=Generations (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Ghostbusters=The Real Ghostbusters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Electric_Theater=General Electric Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasty:_The_Reunion=Dynasty: The Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Hunt_(UK_game_show)=Treasure Hunt (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._J._Hooker=T. J. Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Planet=Cartoon Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Heat=WWE Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Velocity=WWE Velocity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassie_&_Adriaan=Bassie & Adriaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(TV_series)=Millennium (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_North_West_Tonight=BBC North West Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Teacher=Beat the Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opportunity_Knocks_(UK_TV_series)=Opportunity Knocks (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_a_Break!=Gimme a Break!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_and_Hugo=Victor and Hugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_to_the_System_(film)=Shock to the System (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Wonder_(TV_series)=Small Wonder (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Bravo=Johnny Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Good_Guys=Operation Good Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Luck=Strange Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Would_You_Do%3F=What Would You Do?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_(TV_series)=The Guardian (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorlton_and_the_Wheelies=Chorlton and the Wheelies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Movies_(U.S._TV_series)=At the Movies (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyton_Place_(TV_series)=Peyton Place (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_in_the_22nd_Century=Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midday_(Australian_TV_program)=Midday (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_&_Red=Method & Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojak=Kojak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualty_(TV_series)=Casualty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petticoat_Junction=Petticoat Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_David_Letterman_Show=The David Letterman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soap_Talk=Soap Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Quinn,_Medicine_Woman=Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangin'_with_Mr._Cooper=Hangin' with Mr. Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Your_Language=Mind Your Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_Makers=The Story Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wycliffe_(TV_series)=Wycliffe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Championship_Goals=Championship Goals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Shore_(TV_series)=North Shore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_In_Your_Garden=Wild In Your Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Oddie_Goes_Wild=Bill Oddie Goes Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Cribs=MTV Cribs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Around_You=Look Around You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Gear=Fresh Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Onedin_Line=The Onedin Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamstone=The Dreamstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sonny_&_Cher_Comedy_Hour=The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Only..._But_Also=Not Only... But Also
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townies=Townies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_(BBC_TV_series)=Horizon (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadwood_(TV_series)=Deadwood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live=Saturday Night Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirtysomething_(TV_series)=Thirtysomething (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courtship_of_Eddie's_Father=The Courtship of Eddie's Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jury_(TV_series)=The Jury (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoration_(TV_series)=Restoration (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_222=Room 222
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Normais=Os Normais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Hawaii=The Real World: Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChuckleVision=ChuckleVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Seattle=The Real World: Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Back_to_New_York=The Real World: Back to New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_New_Orleans=The Real World: New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kindred_Spirit=A Kindred Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_San_Diego=The Real World: San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4400=The 4400
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(TV_series)=Promised Land (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_the_Barbarian=Dave the Barbarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duet_(TV_series)=Duet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surreal_Life=The Surreal Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules=Road Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Oddie's_How_to_Watch_Wildlife=Bill Oddie's How to Watch Wildlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_for_Andromeda=A for Andromeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawrence_Welk_Show=The Lawrence Welk Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Many_Loves_of_Dobie_Gillis=The Many Loves of Dobie Gillis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crackerjack_(TV_series)=Crackerjack (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_People=The New People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ozzie_and_Harriet=The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Donna_Reed_Show=The Donna Reed Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(TV_series)=The Virginian (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannix=Mannix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graham_Norton_Effect=The Graham Norton Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cramp_Twins=The Cramp Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beiderbecke_Affair=The Beiderbecke Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Central_Presents=Comedy Central Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Eltingville=Welcome to Eltingville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_Rash=Saddle Rash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotsport=Scotsport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracker_(U.S._TV_series)=Cracker (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teamo_Supremo=Teamo Supremo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigger_Happy_TV=Trigger Happy TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Squad=Time Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_at_a_Time=One Day at a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Tracy=The Trouble with Tracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Bunker's_Place=Archie Bunker's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Sanchez_(TV_series)=Dirty Sanchez (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass_(TV_series)=Jackass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Match=Miss Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Two_Dads=My Two Dads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_and_Friends=Garfield and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Eat_Dog_(game_show)=Dog Eat Dog (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squirt_TV=Squirt TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psi_Factor:_Chronicles_of_the_Paranormal=Psi Factor: Chronicles of the Paranormal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_with_Roy_and_HG=The Dream with Roy and HG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Hunt=Sea Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Rose_(TV_series)=Charlie Rose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._P._Patches=J. P. Patches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/704_Hauser=704 Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Court=Night Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baddiel_and_Skinner_Unplanned=Baddiel and Skinner Unplanned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark_Jubilee=Ozark Jubilee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodyguards_(TV_series)=Bodyguards (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Your_Cards_Right=Play Your Cards Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingo_(U.S._game_show)=Lingo (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_in_Canada=An American in Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Mathis=Judge Mathis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Arms=Robson Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homefront_(U.S._TV_series)=Homefront (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarge_(TV_series)=Sarge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jimmy_Stewart_Show=The Jimmy Stewart Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Umbrella_Tree=Under the Umbrella Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Marshall:_Counselor_at_Law=Owen Marshall: Counselor at Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_House_(1986_TV_series)=Our House (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Happening_Now!!=What's Happening Now!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_Welby,_M.D.=Marcus Welby, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Powers_That_Be_(TV_series)=The Powers That Be (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Falls=Century Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Ward=Children's Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Green=Linda Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_(TV_series)=The Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touching_Evil=Touching Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Peter_Kay_Thing=That Peter Kay Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars=Popstars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Girl=That Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmo's_World=Elmo's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dad_the_Rock_Star=My Dad the Rock Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baldy_Man=The Baldy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_from_the_Blackstuff=Boys from the Blackstuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Land=This Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Question_Time_(TV_series)=Question Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Dolls=Paper Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyles_of_the_Rich_and_Famous=Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Lyoko=Code Lyoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaters=Cheaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomwatch=Doomwatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_S.P.D.=Power Rangers S.P.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spoons=Silver Spoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_One_Television=Square One Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budgie_(TV_series)=Budgie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upstairs,_Downstairs_(1971_TV_series)=Upstairs, Downstairs (1971 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper_Ann=Pepper Ann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rab_C._Nesbitt=Rab C. Nesbitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Titans_(TV_series)=Teen Titans (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hilarious_House_of_Frightenstein=The Hilarious House of Frightenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newsroom_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Newsroom (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossballs:_The_Debate_Show=Crossballs: The Debate Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Orange=Taxi Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Darkness=Edge of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z-Cars=Z-Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Guys_and_a_Girl=Two Guys and a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Court=The People's Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(TV_series)=Arena (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_N:_The_Game_Master=Captain N: The Game Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroline_in_the_City=Caroline in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Funniest_People=America's Funniest People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbeat_(UK_TV_series)=Heartbeat (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWAT_Kats:_The_Radical_Squadron=SWAT Kats: The Radical Squadron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quatermass_II=Quatermass II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megas_XLR=Megas XLR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sledge_Hammer!=Sledge Hammer!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keith_Barret_Show=The Keith Barret Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Kensington=King of Kensington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_13th:_The_Series=Friday the 13th: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Journal=Washington Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach_(TV_series)=Coach (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_(TV_series)=Texas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_(TV_series)=Somerset (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(TV_series)=Gloria (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nineteen_Eighty-Four_(TV_programme)=Nineteen Eighty-Four (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopot_International_Song_Festival=Sopot International Song Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureeka's_Castle=Eureeka's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamzooki=Bamzooki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Tree_Friends=Happy Tree Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Dom_Joly=This Is Dom Joly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Hills=Hidden Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Heelers=Blue Heelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Been_Framed!=You've Been Framed!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_5=Odyssey 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roswell_(TV_series)=Roswell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ashlee_Simpson_Show=The Ashlee Simpson Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_2_(TV_series)=Earth 2 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jack_Benny_Program=The Jack Benny Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_Bridges=Nash Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_et_Compte=Lance et Compte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Housewives=Desperate Housewives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samedi_de_rire=Samedi de rire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Zone_(TV_series)=The Dead Zone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Academy_Arab_World=Star Academy Arab World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Prime_Time_News=CBC Prime Time News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_News_(New_Zealand)=One News (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watching_Ellie=Watching Ellie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chewin'_the_Fat=Chewin' the Fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounty_Hamster=Bounty Hamster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_gars,_une_fille=Un gars, une fille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_Swap_(UK_TV_series)=Wife Swap (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(2004_TV_series)=Shattered (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_the_Beat=Drop the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwaves_(TV_series)=Airwaves (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangin'_In=Hangin' In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_1_Decade=Formula 1 Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Inside_Nextel_Cup=NASCAR Inside Nextel Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WindTunnel_with_Dave_Despain=WindTunnel with Dave Despain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Kingdom=Wild Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zelda_(TV_series)=The Legend of Zelda (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beiderbecke_Connection=The Beiderbecke Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beiderbecke_Tapes=The Beiderbecke Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_'Hood=The Parent 'Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDA_(TV_series)=MDA (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Playhouse=Comedy Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ropers=The Ropers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Look_North_(East_Yorkshire_and_Lincolnshire)=BBC Look North (East Yorkshire and Lincolnshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Profile=Rock Profile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Paris=The Real World: Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Funniest_Home_Videos=Australia's Funniest Home Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three's_a_Crowd=Three's a Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoops_Apocalypse=Whoops Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Durgens,_M.P.=Quentin Durgens, M.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojeck=Wojeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Vinci's_Inquest=Da Vinci's Inquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Lightning=Ace Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Spin=Silicon Spin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_TV=Book TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(BBC_TV_series)=Wings (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alvin_Show=The Alvin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinwheel_(TV_series)=Pinwheel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_clon=El clon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Clone=O Clone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Video=Naked Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy_Come_Home=Cathy Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_Hollywood=Access Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Friend,_Andrew_WK=Your Friend, Andrew WK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Week_Ever=Best Week Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennies_from_Heaven_(TV_series)=Pennies from Heaven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armchair_Theatre=Armchair Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entourage_(TV_series)=Entourage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Ali_G_Show=Da Ali G Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dad!=American Dad!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_We_Dance%3F_(TV_series)=Shall We Dance? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_(TV_series)=The Swan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Casino=The Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Chef=The French Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_on_PBS=Now on PBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kommissar_(TV_series)=Der Kommissar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzy_&_Drix=Ozzy & Drix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishbone_(TV_series)=Wishbone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_Television=Breakfast Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentration_(game_show)=Concentration (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Dobbs_Tonight=Lou Dobbs Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Spouses=Trading Spouses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_Island_(TV_series)=Temptation Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foofur=Foofur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Minute_Workout=20 Minute Workout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_TV=Pirate TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tracey_Ullman_Show=The Tracey Ullman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Beene=Oliver Beene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Watch=Third Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Looney_Tunes=Baby Looney Tunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_&_Bobby=Jack & Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Roll_with_Roland_Butter=Let's Roll with Roland Butter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfits_of_Science=Misfits of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Roulette_(game_show)=Russian Roulette (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullseye_(U.S._game_show)=Bullseye (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Sport=A Question of Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_One_(game_show)=Twenty One (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_with_Arnold_Clavio=Tonight with Arnold Clavio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswald_(TV_series)=Oswald (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_of_the_Day=Match of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venture_Bros.=The Venture Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BodyShaping=BodyShaping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Idol=Singapore Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluedo_(UK_game_show)=Cluedo (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomers_(TV_series)=Bloomers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado_(TV_series)=Eldorado (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Many_Splendored_Thing_(TV_series)=Love Is a Many Splendored Thing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_at_15=James at 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brighter_Day=The Brighter Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_One_Roof_(1994_TV_series)=Under One Roof (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_One_Roof_(2002_TV_series)=Under One Roof (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_One_Roof_(1995_TV_series)=Under One Roof (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fillmore!=Fillmore!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_the_Uncatchable=To Catch the Uncatchable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster's_Home_for_Imaginary_Friends=Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(TV_series)=Sisters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profiler_(TV_series)=Profiler (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(TV_series)=Hotel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glen_Campbell_Goodtime_Hour=The Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AfterMASH=AfterMASH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W*A*L*T*E*R=W*A*L*T*E*R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Idol=New Zealand Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Heart_Is_(1969_TV_series)=Where the Heart Is (1969 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_and_the_Colonel=Calvin and the Colonel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commish=The Commish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_(TV_series)=Hawaii (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Academia=La Academia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_et_Gobelet=Sol et Gobelet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NY-LON=NY-LON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takalani_Sesame=Takalani Sesame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Krantz's_Till_We_Meet_Again=Judith Krantz's Till We Meet Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midlands_Today=Midlands Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messiah_(TV_series)=Messiah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_and_Goody=Smith and Goody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_with_Jacques_Torres=Chocolate with Jacques Torres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Praise=Songs of Praise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercar_(TV_series)=Supercar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_WKRP_in_Cincinnati=The New WKRP in Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokusou_Sentai_Dekaranger=Tokusou Sentai Dekaranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Most_Talented_Kid=America's Most Talented Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_(1999_TV_series)=The City (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Patrol_(1962_TV_series)=Space Patrol (1962 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_Anneka=Challenge Anneka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chopper=American Chopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_River_Blues=Steel River Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstars=Superstars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_Zone=Spiral Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellery_Queen_(TV_series)=Ellery Queen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Team_(TV_series)=Dream Team (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Jungle_(TV_series)=King of the Jungle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaks_and_Geeks=Freaks and Geeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosco_(TV_series)=Bosco (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superhuman_Samurai_Syber-Squad=Superhuman Samurai Syber-Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NBC_Monday_Movie=The NBC Monday Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Was_Then=That Was Then
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_Soldier=Soldier Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Loves_Bernie=Bridget Loves Bernie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supertrain=Supertrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Boston=The Real World: Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Den_(television)=The Den (television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CounterSpin_(TV_series)=CounterSpin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Call_with_Carson_Daly=Last Call with Carson Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Poker_Showdown=Celebrity Poker Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taz-Mania=Taz-Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beakman's_World=Beakman's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Faces=New Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foyle's_War=Foyle's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Island=Echo Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Me_(U.S._TV_series)=Rescue Me (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHale's_Navy=McHale's Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_F.B.I._(TV_series)=The F.B.I. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Clean_Is_Your_House%3F=How Clean Is Your House?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy_&_Mr._Whiskers=Brandy & Mr. Whiskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Goes_On_(TV_series)=Life Goes On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider_(TV_series)=The Insider (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeroman=Zeroman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Person's_Guide_to_the_Orchestra=Young Person's Guide to the Orchestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicktoons_Film_Festival=Nicktoons Film Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_League_Unlimited=Justice League Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time=Prime Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Lucy=Life with Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisionera=Prisionera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchachitas=Muchachitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel's_House_Party=Noel's House Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figure_It_Out=Figure It Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_(1980_TV_series)=Hollywood (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teachers_(UK_TV_series)=Teachers (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Morning=American Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_(TV_series)=Action (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(TV_program)=Rage (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Knockout=It's a Knockout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo!=Romeo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin's_Nest=Robin's Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Living_(CBC_TV_series)=It's a Living (CBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Living_(1980_TV_series)=It's a Living (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_of_View=Points of View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Robinson=Expedition Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Droids=Star Wars: Droids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Partners=The Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archie_Show=The Archie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josie_and_the_Pussycats_(TV_series)=Josie and the Pussycats (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantastic_Journey=The Fantastic Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KaBlam!=KaBlam!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwalk_(TV_series)=Catwalk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaker_High=Breaker High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_State_(TV_series)=Delta State (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Mystery=Martin Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimbo_and_the_Jet-Set=Jimbo and the Jet-Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Philadelphia=The Real World: Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Tree_Hill_(TV_series)=One Tree Hill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_of_60=North of 60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Ewoks=Star Wars: Ewoks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompeii:_The_Last_Day=Pompeii: The Last Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inspector_Lynley_Mysteries=The Inspector Lynley Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodney_(TV_series)=Rodney (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_of_the_Universe_(TV_series)=Center of the Universe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen_Up!_(TV_series)=Listen Up! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Clone_Wars_(2003_TV_series)=Star Wars: Clone Wars (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Betty=Atomic Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dean_Martin_Show=The Dean Martin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriends=Girlfriends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy's_Thanksgiving_Day_Parade=Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireball_XL5=Fireball XL5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chaser_election_specials=The Chaser election specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bro'Town=Bro'Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Investigation=Medical Investigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Star=You're a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_with_Jonathan_Ross=Friday Night with Jonathan Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_(game_show)=100% (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Antonsen=Team Antonsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow_Meganon=Wow Meganon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_Gimme_Gimme_(TV_series)=Gimme Gimme Gimme (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_American_Style=Love, American Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenko_(TV_series)=Tenko (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dreams=American Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_(TV_series)=Phyllis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Grant_(TV_series)=Lou Grant (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Mars=Veronica Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_World_of_Alex_Mack=The Secret World of Alex Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Morning_with_Richard_Not_Judy=This Morning with Richard Not Judy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_of_the_Class=Head of the Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_J._Kwak=Alfred J. Kwak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groovie_Goolies=Groovie Goolies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_and_Friends=Sam and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Play_(TV_series)=Power Play (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_Vision_and_Jack=Heat Vision and Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smoking_Room=The Smoking Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_House_(2001_TV_series)=The Glass House (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_Fun=Fist of Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mother_the_Car=My Mother the Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mike_Douglas_Show=The Mike Douglas Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10-8:_Officers_on_Duty=10-8: Officers on Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threat_Matrix=Threat Matrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alienated_(TV_series)=Alienated (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemispheres_(TV_series)=Hemispheres (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T4_(Channel_4)=T4 (Channel 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Survive_a_Marriage=How to Survive a Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_&_Miguel=Maya & Miguel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_On_(UK_TV_series)=Game On (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Skelton_Show=The Red Skelton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_Greatest:_The_Adventures_of_Muhammad_Ali=I Am the Greatest: The Adventures of Muhammad Ali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Cartoon!=What a Cartoon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Shot_(Taiwan_TV_series)=Hot Shot (Taiwan TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffhangers_(TV_series)=Cliffhangers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballykissangel=Ballykissangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess_(TV_series)=Recess (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_Machines=Beast Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_of_One=Seven of One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Raiders=Shadow Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Deathmatch=Celebrity Deathmatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Inc.=Comedy Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Trax=Time Trax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_a_Lady=He's a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Shirley_Holmes=The Adventures of Shirley Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_54,_Where_Are_You%3F=Car 54, Where Are You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juke_Box_Jury=Juke Box Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_House_(U.S._TV_series)=Monster House (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silversun=Silversun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_News=Liquid News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakkity_Yak=Yakkity Yak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosie_O'Donnell_Show=The Rosie O'Donnell Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_News_with_Linda_Ellerbee=Nick News with Linda Ellerbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.Y.P.D._(TV_series)=N.Y.P.D. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Garage=Monster Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reporting_Scotland=Reporting Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(play)=Secrets (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeds_(TV_series)=Weeds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomtown_(2002_TV_series)=Boomtown (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_(TV_series)=The Word (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Little_Time=So Little Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_Week=Good News Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Jack=Mighty Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Train=Wagon Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostwriter_(TV_series)=Ghostwriter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_(TV_series)=Jesse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_chiffres_et_des_lettres=Des chiffres et des lettres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Living_Doll=My Living Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Champions=The Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Men_and_Little_Miss=Mr. Men and Little Miss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albie_(cartoon)=Albie (cartoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidsongs=Kidsongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_(TV_series)=Ellen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_Billionaire:_Branson's_Quest_for_the_Best=The Rebel Billionaire: Branson's Quest for the Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W5_(TV_series)=W5 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bognor_or_Bust=Bognor or Bust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimstone_(TV_series)=Brimstone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Aussie_Adventures=All Aussie Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Sharks=Street Sharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Doors=Early Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Is_Enough=Eight Is Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayans_Bros.=The Wayans Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainori=Ainori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Dad=Raising Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questions_and_Answers_(TV_series)=Questions and Answers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_Atlantis=Man from Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Sonata=Winter Sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds_III:_The_Next_Generation=Revenge of the Nerds III: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Nerds_IV:_Nerds_in_Love=Revenge of the Nerds IV: Nerds in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_soy_Betty,_la_fea=Yo soy Betty, la fea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiz_Kids_(TV_series)=Whiz Kids (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dube_on_2=Dube on 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Seconds_to_Fame=30 Seconds to Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ernie_Kovacs_Show=The Ernie Kovacs Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Victorians_Did_for_Us=What the Victorians Did for Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wire=The Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Watch_(TV_program)=Media Watch (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpy_Old_Men_(TV_series)=Grumpy Old Men (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sketch_Show=The Sketch Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getaway_(TV_series)=Getaway (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Michael_Sports_Machine=The George Michael Sports Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambit_(game_show)=Gambit (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji_Mantriji=Ji Mantriji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattletales=Tattletales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawn_Together=Drawn Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Max=I, Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shindig!=Shindig!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histeria!=Histeria!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservative_Roundtable=Conservative Roundtable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hercules=Young Hercules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollyoaks=Hollyoaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Wing=Green Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_Weds=Dead Man Weds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You_See_It_(U.S._game_show)=Now You See It (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catweazle=Catweazle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Country_Practice=A Country Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_of_the_Mimi=The Voyage of the Mimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystic_Knights_of_Tir_Na_Nog=The Mystic Knights of Tir Na Nog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rove_(TV_series)=Rove (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Hunters=Ghost Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Beach:_The_Real_Orange_County=Laguna Beach: The Real Orange County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_(TV_series)=Panorama (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Ryuki=Kamen Rider Ryuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_(radio_and_TV_show)=House Party (radio and TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosom_Buddies=Bosom Buddies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Muppet_Family_Christmas=A Muppet Family Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsCentre=SportsCentre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gute_Zeiten,_schlechte_Zeiten=Gute Zeiten, schlechte Zeiten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skithouse=Skithouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$40_a_Day=$40 a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackie_Gleason_Show=The Jackie Gleason Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Hulk_(1978_TV_series)=The Incredible Hulk (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_Draw_McGraw_Show=The Quick Draw McGraw Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Shock_Boys=Tokyo Shock Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huff_(TV_series)=Huff (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Makeover:_Home_Edition=Extreme Makeover: Home Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_National=Global National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Actors_Studio=Inside the Actors Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(U.S._TV_series)=The Biggest Loser (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scooby-Doo/Dynomutt_Hour=The Scooby-Doo/Dynomutt Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynomutt,_Dog_Wonder=Dynomutt, Dog Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richie_Rich/Scooby-Doo_Show_and_Scrappy_Too!=The Richie Rich/Scooby-Doo Show and Scrappy Too!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clubhouse_(TV_series)=Clubhouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_San_Francisco=The Real World: San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_London=The Real World: London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Collar_TV=Blue Collar TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Hi_Puffy_AmiYumi=Hi Hi Puffy AmiYumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unscrewed_with_Martin_Sargent=Unscrewed with Martin Sargent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dudesons=The Dudesons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Afterburn=WWE Afterburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Bottom_Line=WWE Bottom Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAX_(TV_series)=LAX (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_Squad=M Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_from_Room_402=The Kids from Room 402
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino_Day=Domino Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timewatch=Timewatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Learn_Japanese=Let's Learn Japanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amish_in_the_City=Amish in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hex_(TV_series)=Hex (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peep_and_the_Big_Wide_World=Peep and the Big Wide World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winx_Club=Winx Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clue_Club=Clue Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Job=Dream Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Pints_of_Lager_and_a_Packet_of_Crisps=Two Pints of Lager and a Packet of Crisps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Hilton=Bangkok Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_on_Sesame_Street=Julie on Sesame Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Football_League=Fantasy Football League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weinerville=Weinerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scare_Tactics=Scare Tactics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courageous_Cat_and_Minute_Mouse=Courageous Cat and Minute Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookies=The Rookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Britain=Bloody Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Cummings_Show=The Bob Cummings Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_River_Cottage=Escape to River Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Cottage_Forever=River Cottage Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_River_Cottage=Return to River Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_and_Paddy's_Road_to_Nowhere=Max and Paddy's Road to Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_O'Grady_Show=The Paul O'Grady Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twisted_Tales_of_Felix_the_Cat=The Twisted Tales of Felix the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Ducks_(TV_series)=Mighty Ducks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Sidney=Love, Sidney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Rooms=Changing Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Reaction_(game_show)=Chain Reaction (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolish_Heart_(TV_series)=Foolish Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Objects_(TV_series)=Foreign Objects (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howards'_Way=Howards' Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Cracks=Time Cracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal=Deal or No Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vega$=Vega$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charlie_Brown_and_Snoopy_Show=The Charlie Brown and Snoopy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Informe_especial=Informe especial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Lights_(TV_series)=City Lights (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Lake=Wolf Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Years_(TV_series)=Golden Years (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Cavemen=Walking with Cavemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_King_(TV_series)=Jason King (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywatch_Nights=Baywatch Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Geeks=Beat the Geeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Dinosaurs=Walking with Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SilverHawks=SilverHawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaround_(game_show)=Runaround (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallmark_Hall_of_Fame=Hallmark Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Heaven_(TV_series)=Stairway to Heaven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_$1.98_Beauty_Show=The $1.98 Beauty Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Brides=Here Come the Brides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ren_&_Stimpy_%22Adult_Party_Cartoon%22=Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Jay_the_Jet_Plane=Jay Jay the Jet Plane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Palace=The Golden Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu,_pogodi!=Nu, pogodi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheap_Seats=Cheap Seats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_World_News_(TV_series)=BBC World News (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oobi_(TV_series)=Oobi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debbie_Travis'_Facelift=Debbie Travis' Facelift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrahawks=Terrahawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltergeist:_The_Legacy=Poltergeist: The Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Phooey=Hong Kong Phooey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detectives=The Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imaginatively_Titled_Punt_&_Dennis_Show=The Imaginatively Titled Punt & Dennis Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfabulous=Unfabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Prey_(TV_series)=Birds of Prey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_(TV_series)=Rainbow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impressionable_Jon_Culshaw=The Impressionable Jon Culshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Englishman_Abroad=An Englishman Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degrassi_High=Degrassi High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_of_Degrassi_Street=The Kids of Degrassi Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Minute_Meals=30 Minute Meals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_G.e.e.K.e.R.=Project G.e.e.K.e.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy's_Nightmares=Freddy's Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Martin=Doc Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_Town=Up in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_and_Barry=Carrie and Barry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn-On=Turn-On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Ranch=Paradise Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Undercover=America Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxicab_Confessions=Taxicab Confessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_from_Somewhere_Else=They Came from Somewhere Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightly_Business_Report=Nightly Business Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_the_Lyons=Life with the Lyons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Half_(game_show)=The Other Half (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_U.N.C.L.E.=The Girl from U.N.C.L.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Smith=Smith & Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_Mill=The Comedy Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_(talk_show)=Conan (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponderosa_(TV_series)=Ponderosa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Batman_(TV_series)=The Batman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Days_at_Blake_Holsey_High=Strange Days at Blake Holsey High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty's_Bunch=Betty's Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangxi_Dynasty=Kangxi Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$25_Million_Dollar_Hoax=$25 Million Dollar Hoax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorations_(TV_series)=Explorations (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Game=In the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Deeds_for_Eddie_McDowd=100 Deeds for Eddie McDowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned's_Declassified_School_Survival_Guide=Ned's Declassified School Survival Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Week_of_My_Life=The Worst Week of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Private_World=Our Private World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaTelevision=MediaTelevision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Late_Show_(CBS_TV_series)=The Late Late Show (CBS TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midday_(CBC)=Midday (CBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_2040=Phantom 2040
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flo=Flo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_Aparadektoi=Oi Aparadektoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Too_Good_for_a_Cowboy=Nothing Too Good for a Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whammy!_The_All-New_Press_Your_Luck=Whammy! The All-New Press Your Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LazyTown=LazyTown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Batman/Superman_Adventures=The New Batman/Superman Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francoeur=Francoeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Movies_(Australian_TV_series)=At the Movies (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Show=The Movie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oggy_and_the_Cockroaches=Oggy and the Cockroaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_with_Keith_Olbermann=Countdown with Keith Olbermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Three_Stooges=The New Three Stooges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Shadoks=Les Shadoks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_the_Fist=Double the Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Grunt=The Brothers Grunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathnet=Mathnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Love=Strange Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1900_House=The 1900 House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigmund_and_the_Sea_Monsters=Sigmund and the Sea Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_(TV_series)=House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_Guy=The Fall Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggheads_(TV_series)=Eggheads (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Cotton_Band_Show=Billy Cotton Band Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Saint=Return of the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spheres_(TV_series)=Spheres (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dick_Cavett_Show=The Dick Cavett Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venture_(TV_series)=Venture (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Busters=The Ghost Busters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Goes_to_the_Mayor=Tom Goes to the Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hullabaloo_(TV_series)=Hullabaloo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ollie_Hopnoodle's_Haven_of_Bliss=Ollie Hopnoodle's Haven of Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_(TV_series)=Titus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_the_House_(TV)=Doctor in the House (TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Charlie_Brown_Thanksgiving=A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Slippers=Glass Slippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackpool_(TV_serial)=Blackpool (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_as_We_Know_It_(TV_series)=Life as We Know It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Obnoxious_Boss=My Big Fat Obnoxious Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Americans_(TV_series)=Young Americans (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Dodgeball=Extreme Dodgeball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bugs_Bunny_Show=The Bugs Bunny Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Ghostwriter_Mysteries=The New Ghostwriter Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enough_Rope=Enough Rope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Burns_and_Gracie_Allen_Show=The George Burns and Gracie Allen Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Breakfast_(Canada)=The Big Breakfast (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_&_Machine=Mann & Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Beach_(1993_TV_series)=South Beach (1993 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_(TV_series)=Mina (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Sunday=Global Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Cubs=Jungle Cubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_Lines=Winning Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chair_(game_show)=The Chair (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Savages=Complete Savages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_than_Perfect=Less than Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chamber_(game_show)=The Chamber (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_on_the_Prize=Eyes on the Prize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Funhouse=TV Funhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_For_Sex=Wired For Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popworld=Popworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Time_with_Bill_Maher=Real Time with Bill Maher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Jazz=The Sound of Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Lively_Arts=The Seven Lively Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Panther_and_Sons=Pink Panther and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Sisco=Karen Sisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VR.5=VR.5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsNight_with_Aaron_Brown=NewsNight with Aaron Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Daughter_(1999_film)=First Daughter (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_(U.S._TV_series)=Hunter (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_Reading=Fourth Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Raiders=Room Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are%3F_(UK_TV_series)=Who Do You Think You Are? (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Out_Space_Nuts=Far Out Space Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_Woman_and_Dyna_Girl=Electra Woman and Dyna Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Saucer=The Lost Saucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Fat_Quiz_of_the_Year=The Big Fat Quiz of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cross-Wits=The Cross-Wits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reborn_in_the_USA=Reborn in the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggy_Fizzle_Televizzle=Doggy Fizzle Televizzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidsville=Lidsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigantor=Gigantor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numbers_(TV_series)=Numbers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardball_with_Chris_Matthews=Hardball with Chris Matthews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolie_Polie_Olie=Rolie Polie Olie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Non-Blondes=3 Non-Blondes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Brown_(judge)=Joe Brown (judge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_and_Katnip=Herman and Katnip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Pegs=Square Pegs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Fit_Club=Celebrity Fit Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Dance_Fever=Strictly Dance Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Cadet_'84=Police Cadet '84
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Hartman,_Mary_Hartman=Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolevania=Consolevania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune,_Inc.=Soldier of Fortune, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffik=Traffik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Eurovision_Song_Contest=Junior Eurovision Song Contest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medium_(TV_series)=Medium (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professionals_(TV_series)=The Professionals (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Magoo=Mister Magoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Island_(TV_series)=Bull Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(1985_TV_series)=The Twilight Zone (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liver_Birds=The Liver Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News:_Sunday_Night=CBC News: Sunday Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Masters=American Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_One_(TV_series)=Murder One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Touch_of_Fate=Magic Touch of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_de_Tarapaca=Amor de Tarapaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Huddles%3F=Where's Huddles?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppets_Who_Kill=Puppets Who Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wubbulous_World_of_Dr._Seuss=The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_Unites:_Reach_Out_To_Asia=Australia Unites: Reach Out To Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Medicine=Strong Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potatoes_and_Dragons=Potatoes and Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untalkative_Bunny=Untalkative Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taggart=Taggart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_in_Charge=Charles in Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_and_Friends=Rita and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flumps=The Flumps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Harbour=Black Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_and_Joe_Go_Tokyo=Adam and Joe Go Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_in_the_Rain=Romance in the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchdog_(TV_series)=Watchdog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4tv.com=G4tv.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wally_Gator=Wally Gator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_D-Generation=The D-Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesam_Stasjon=Sesam Stasjon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batibot=Batibot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokey_Wolf=Hokey Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definition_(TV_series)=Definition (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Game_(game_show)=Party Game (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E/R=E/R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peep_Show_(TV_series)=Peep Show (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Chef_America=Iron Chef America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(2003_TV_series)=Fame (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Tonight=Canada Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_(TV_series)=First National (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alf's_Hit_Talk_Show=Alf's Hit Talk Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Pilkington=After Pilkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortellini_Western=Tortellini Western
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leader_Dog=Leader Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_It_Out!_(Canadian_TV_series)=Check It Out! (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_My_Department=Not My Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traders_(TV_series)=Traders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Season_with_McLaren=A Season with McLaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Games_(UK_TV_series)=The Games (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playhouse_90=Playhouse 90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_Beetleborgs=Big Bad Beetleborgs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(1959_TV_series)=The Twilight Zone (1959 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_(TV_series)=Downtown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Woman_(TV_series)=Wonder Woman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Ian=Being Ian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committed_(2005_TV_series)=Committed (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Opposition=In Opposition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Fires_(TV_series)=Home Fires (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Late_Show_with_Craig_Ferguson=The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_(TV_series)=Webster (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magilla_Gorilla_Show=The Magilla Gorilla Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton's_Apple=Newton's Apple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhappily_Ever_After=Unhappily Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightline_(Australian_news_program)=Nightline (Australian news program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal,_Ohio=Normal, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Gold_(TV_series)=Solid Gold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_and_the_Ferocious_Beast=Maggie and the Ferocious Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_X_(TV_series)=Mutant X (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Famous_and_Frightened!=I'm Famous and Frightened!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookwell=Lookwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Video_and_His_Video_Rangers=Captain Video and His Video Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Idol=Indian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Beaver's_Storytime=Papa Beaver's Storytime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_Barley=Nathan Barley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_(TV_series)=The Saint (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruler_of_Your_Own_World=Ruler of Your Own World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London's_Burning=London's Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bozo_Super_Sunday_Show=The Bozo Super Sunday Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_&_Crazy_Kids=Wild & Crazy Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Mimi%3F=What About Mimi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sullivans=The Sullivans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter_Moon=Jupiter Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Ramjet=Roger Ramjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Batman=The New Adventures of Batman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Pleasant_(TV_series)=Point Pleasant (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_from_Buster=Postcards from Buster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_High=Vampire High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lateline=Lateline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Service=The Secret Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_AM=Soccer AM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smack_the_Pony=Smack the Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Leonardo_and_His_Short_Subjects=King Leonardo and His Short Subjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_&_Allie=Kate & Allie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Balthazar=Professor Balthazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Dad=Major Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_Team_(TV_series)=The Power Team (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond's=Desmond's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_City=Dog City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ellen_DeGeneres_Show=The Ellen DeGeneres Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phua_Chu_Kang_Pte_Ltd=Phua Chu Kang Pte Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgive_or_Forget=Forgive or Forget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica's_Closet=Veronica's Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Future_(TV_series)=Back to the Future (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Life=This Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Herbert's_Children_of_Dune=Frank Herbert's Children of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fievel's_American_Tails=Fievel's American Tails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Gotti=Growing Up Gotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubridy_Tonight=Tubridy Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holby_City=Holby City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman's_Head=Herman's Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mile_High=Mile High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reba_(TV_series)=Reba (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice:_Martha_Stewart=The Apprentice: Martha Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Makeover=Extreme Makeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorne_Greene's_New_Wilderness=Lorne Greene's New Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marimar_(telenovela)=Marimar (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(1987_TV_series)=Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1987 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(2003_TV_series)=Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabretooth_(film)=Sabretooth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Squad=Cold Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_555=Kamen Rider 555
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Like_About_You_(TV_series)=What I Like About You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge_(TV_series)=The Challenge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildside_(TV_series)=Wildside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Arc_(TV_series)=Noah's Arc (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Pet_Monster=My Pet Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Mama=That's My Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_and_the_Pirates=Peter Pan and the Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(TV_miniseries)=Perfect Strangers (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Strangers_(TV_series)=Perfect Strangers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenders_of_the_Earth=Defenders of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoey_101=Zoey 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doris_Day_Show=The Doris Day Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hart_and_Lorne_Terrific_Hour=The Hart and Lorne Terrific Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_This_World_(TV_series)=Out of This World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watching=Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_of_Us_(1986_TV_series)=The Two of Us (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.N.G.=E.N.G.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martial_Law_(TV_series)=Martial Law (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footballers'_Wives=Footballers' Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_(1971_TV_serial)=Casanova (1971 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino-Riders=Dino-Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Party_USA=Dance Party USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dempsey_and_Makepeace=Dempsey and Makepeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheggers_Plays_Pop=Cheggers Plays Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rentaghost=Rentaghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sooty_Show=The Sooty Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim'll_Fix_It=Jim'll Fix It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Buses=On the Buses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Hibiki=Kamen Rider Hibiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilt_(TV_series)=Tilt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hot_Rod=American Hot Rod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filter_(TV_series)=Filter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Revue=The Big Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me=Take Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropia_(TV_series)=Metropia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Garden_II=Meteor Garden II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dastardly_and_Muttley_in_Their_Flying_Machines=Dastardly and Muttley in Their Flying Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayside_Shakedown=Bayside Shakedown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Thunder=WCW Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_at_Walt_Disney_World=The Muppets at Walt Disney World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinematech=Cinematech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upper_Hand=The Upper Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax!=Climax!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frances_Farmer_Presents=Frances Farmer Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_(TV_series)=Aladdin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Edge=Human Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_the_Lines=Outside the Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_GameDay_(football)=College GameDay (football)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fries_with_That%3F=Fries with That?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_&_Stephen's_Saturday_Showdown=Holly & Stephen's Saturday Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loonatics_Unleashed=Loonatics Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan_Can_Cook=Yan Can Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Chicken=Robot Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playmakers=Playmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._G:_Medical_Examiner=Dr. G: Medical Examiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_on_CBS=NFL on CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whack-O!=Whack-O!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patty_Duke_Show=The Patty Duke Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerland_(TV_series)=Summerland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Girl=Ocean Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kudlow_Report=The Kudlow Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudlow_&_Cramer=Kudlow & Cramer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Money=Mad Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_League_Now!=Action League Now!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedge_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Wedge (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Current_Affair_(U.S._TV_series)=A Current Affair (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Me=All About Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Edition=Inside Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willo_the_Wisp=Willo the Wisp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Care_Bears_(TV_series)=The Care Bears (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Secret_Identity=My Secret Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Center_(TV_series)=Medical Center (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulttibois=Pulttibois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_Streak=Winning Streak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spicks_and_Specks_(TV_series)=Spicks and Specks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dae_Jang_Geum=Dae Jang Geum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luv_(TV_series)=Luv (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_House_of_Horror=Hammer House of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Swiss_Family_Robinson=The Adventures of Swiss Family Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_These_Walls_Could_Talk_2=If These Walls Could Talk 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startv=Startv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cram_(game_show)=Cram (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._and_Mrs._North=Mr. and Mrs. North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpy_Old_Women=Grumpy Old Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Air_with_Ryan_Seacrest_(TV_series)=On Air with Ryan Seacrest (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_(TV_series)=Hazel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen_(TV_series)=Amen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q..._(TV_series)=Q... (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtues_of_Harmony_II=Virtues of Harmony II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tintin_(TV_series)=The Adventures of Tintin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Not_to_Wear_(UK_TV_series)=What Not to Wear (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Coolest_Years=My Coolest Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_&_Mike=Mike & Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_(TV_series)=Booker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Katz,_Professional_Therapist=Dr. Katz, Professional Therapist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_It_Lucky=Strike It Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Dating_Daan=Ang Dating Daan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Air_(TV_series)=On the Air (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sue_Thomas:_F.B.Eye=Sue Thomas: F.B.Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Herbs=The Herbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat-Club=Beat-Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo!_MTV_Raps=Yo! MTV Raps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here...%3F=Wish You Were Here...?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soup=The Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Attention_Span_Theater=Short Attention Span Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_or_Not_(TV_series)=Ready or Not (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunday_Game=The Sunday Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degrassi_Talks=Degrassi Talks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_Chef_Challenge=Superstar Chef Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosei_Sentai_Dairanger=Gosei Sentai Dairanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunday_Night_Project=The Sunday Night Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Dad..!=Hey Dad..!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Kid=Angry Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.A.N.T.I.S.=M.A.N.T.I.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dan_Patrick_Show=The Dan Patrick Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahou_Sentai_Magiranger=Mahou Sentai Magiranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gekisou_Sentai_Carranger=Gekisou Sentai Carranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep_in_the_Big_City=Sheep in the Big City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullseye_(CNBC_TV_series)=Bullseye (CNBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway=Project Runway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladykracher=Ladykracher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent_a_Pocher=Rent a Pocher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Inc._(Canadian_TV_series)=Comedy Inc. (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Dish=Inside Dish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isidingo=Isidingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sai_de_Baixo=Sai de Baixo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Sentai_Kakuranger=Ninja Sentai Kakuranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_and_Mortimer_(TV_series)=Blake and Mortimer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hank_McCune_Show=The Hank McCune Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trap_Door=The Trap Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Home_(TV_series)=Going Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Law_(TV_series)=Family Law (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intervention_(TV_series)=Intervention (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Cooks=Celebrity Cooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninpuu_Sentai_Hurricaneger=Ninpuu Sentai Hurricaneger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_in_the_Picture=You're in the Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glam_Metal_Detectives=The Glam Metal Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_(TV_series)=Skin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Simian_&_the_Space_Monkeys=Captain Simian & the Space Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Challenge_(New_Zealand)=University Challenge (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Show!=Attack of the Show!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Till_Your_Father_Gets_Home=Wait Till Your Father Gets Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD:UK=CD:UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Notorious=Kid Notorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar:_The_Last_Airbender=Avatar: The Last Airbender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirrorman_(TV_series)=Mirrorman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomatic_Immunity_(TV_series)=Diplomatic Immunity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Tonight=Internet Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Face-Off=Animal Face-Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenroe=Glenroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Squares=Celebrity Squares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Marvels=Modern Marvels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reviews_on_the_Run=Reviews on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingolotto=Bingolotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wallace_and_Ladmo_Show=The Wallace and Ladmo Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_West_C.O.W.-Boys_of_Moo_Mesa=Wild West C.O.W.-Boys of Moo Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkney_Snork_Nie=Orkney Snork Nie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egoli:_Place_of_Gold=Egoli: Place of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh_and_I=Hugh and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whew!=Whew!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingswood_Country=Kingswood Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesian_Idol=Indonesian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-100_(TV_series)=K-100 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_Palace=The Hollywood Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Break=The Big Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dad's_the_Prime_Minister=My Dad's the Prime Minister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Pwnage=Pure Pwnage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deputy_Dawg=Deputy Dawg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoestring_(TV_series)=Shoestring (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Beasts=Walking with Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_(TV_series)=Airport (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Caller=Midnight Caller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seconds_From_Disaster=Seconds From Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doodlez=Doodlez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Comfy_Couch=The Big Comfy Couch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_(Australian_TV_series)=The X Factor (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_(1964_TV_series)=Flipper (1964 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey's_Anatomy=Grey's Anatomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MuchOnDemand=MuchOnDemand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_for_Ozzfest=Battle for Ozzfest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woody_Woodpecker_Show=The Woody Woodpecker Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Solid_Gold=Jade Solid Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina:_The_Animated_Series=Sabrina: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina's_Secret_Life=Sabrina's Secret Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(1998_TV_series)=Hercules (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Dumbest_Criminals=America's Dumbest Criminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Dalmatians:_The_Series=101 Dalmatians: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Tarzan=The Legend of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorties_Watchin'_Shorties=Shorties Watchin' Shorties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duty_Free_(TV_series)=Duty Free (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeboys_in_Outer_Space=Homeboys in Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_the_Air_(TV_series)=University of the Air (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Damn_Sports_Show_Period=The Best Damn Sports Show Period
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Justice_(TV_series)=Blind Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey,_Hey,_It's_Saturday!_(United_Kingdom)=Hey, Hey, It's Saturday! (United Kingdom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suite_Life_of_Zack_&_Cody=The Suite Life of Zack & Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_or_Foe%3F_(TV_series)=Friend or Foe? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadgets_and_Gizmos=Gadgets and Gizmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uninvited_(TV_series)=The Uninvited (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History's_Mysteries=History's Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher's_Pet_(TV_series)=Teacher's Pet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_and_Fortune_(TV_series)=Fame and Fortune (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_That_Don't_Exist=Places That Don't Exist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Me,_Baby,_One_More_Time_(TV_series)=Hit Me, Baby, One More Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stromberg_(TV_series)=Stromberg (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Programme=The Money Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartakus_and_the_Sun_Beneath_the_Sea=Spartakus and the Sun Beneath the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LateLine=LateLine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Restaurant_Rules=My Restaurant Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Story_(TV_series)=Crime Story (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edwardian_Country_House=The Edwardian Country House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pup_Named_Scooby-Doo=A Pup Named Scooby-Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Sex_Olympics=The Year of the Sex Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_with_Me_Sesame=Play with Me Sesame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Trap_on_the_Cote_Sauvage=Ball Trap on the Cote Sauvage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Days_(TV_series)=30 Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Again=Now and Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_of_a_Kind_(U.S._TV_series)=Two of a Kind (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comeback_(TV_series)=The Comeback (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Mayhem=TV Mayhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannity=Hannity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Faith=Golden Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_West_(1986_TV_series)=Journey to the West (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Please=Information Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Bag=T-Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Law=Marshall Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Mills_Lane=Judge Mills Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Wonders_of_the_Industrial_World=Seven Wonders of the Industrial World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Business_(TV_series)=Family Business (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Site=The Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dragon:_Jake_Long=American Dragon: Jake Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Week_(ITV_TV_series)=This Week (ITV TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Week_(ABC_TV_series)=This Week (ABC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Condominio=El Condominio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_Poker=Late Night Poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belonging_(TV_series)=Belonging (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Soap=The Living Soap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter=The Ultimate Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_of_Mitchell_&_Kenyon=The Lost World of Mitchell & Kenyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega64=Mega64
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Enfield's_Television_Programme=Harry Enfield's Television Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_Bravo=Juliet Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Live!=Almost Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Napoleons=Little Napoleons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaredy_Camp=Scaredy Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Showzen=Wonder Showzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernwood_2_Night=Fernwood 2 Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidd_Video=Kidd Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt-Ugly_Martians=Butt-Ugly Martians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Five_(WNBC_TV_series)=Live at Five (WNBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Models_Inc.=Models Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killinaskully=Killinaskully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_and_June=Terry and June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bill_Cosby_Show=The Bill Cosby Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeff_Corwin_Experience=The Jeff Corwin Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bod_(TV_series)=Bod (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_3:_Junior_in_Love=Problem Child 3: Junior in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_in_Paradise=Thunder in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Spider-Man_(TV_series)=The Amazing Spider-Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Stories=Storm Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Too!_(Canadian_TV_series)=Me Too! (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanac_(TV_series)=Almanac (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Wolf_on_Campus=Big Wolf on Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protagonistas=Protagonistas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chart_Show=The Chart Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Spirits_with_Shirley_Ghostman=High Spirits with Shirley Ghostman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperTed=SuperTed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_the_Ten_of_Us=Just the Ten of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tony_Danza_Show=The Tony Danza Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Shrinks=George Shrinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Them_Eat_Cake_(TV_series)=Let Them Eat Cake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_Company=The Comedy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Sports_with_Bryant_Gumbel=Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gillies_Report=The Gillies Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_When_I_Laugh_(TV_series)=Only When I Laugh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirt_Tales=Shirt Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Hands=Healing Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nostra_(telenovela)=Terra Nostra (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugs_(TV_series)=Bugs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Odd_Couple=The New Odd Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Jam=Animal Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Star=Pet Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_(2000_TV_series)=Ramona (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Language_(game_show)=Body Language (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_a_Princess=I Married a Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_&_Press=Buchanan & Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Lassie=The New Lassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Eye=Hawaiian Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Connection=Love Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Black_RX=Kamen Rider Black RX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Machines=The Secret Life of Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat!=Combat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_(1954_TV_series)=Lassie (1954 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeff_Foxworthy_Show=The Jeff Foxworthy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family-Ness=The Family-Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riordans=The Riordans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Carey's_Green_Screen_Show=Drew Carey's Green Screen Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmetic_Surgery_Live=Cosmetic Surgery Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalaya_with_Michael_Palin=Himalaya with Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wogan=Wogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_&_Simon=Simon & Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dossa_and_Joe=Dossa and Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Job_(TV_series)=Snow Job (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_(TV_series)=Pride (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_the_Bounty_Hunter=Dog the Bounty Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Yankee_Workshop=The New Yankee Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_piovra=La piovra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buzz_on_Maggie=The Buzz on Maggie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_the_Earth=The Song of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Wrestling=Celebrity Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_(TV_series)=Eyes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnosis:_Murder=Diagnosis: Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Engineering=Extreme Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Card_(TV_series)=Wild Card (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Recall_2070=Total Recall 2070
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man's_Journey_(documentary)=One Man's Journey (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Kwackers=Animal Kwackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Bentine's_Potty_Time=Michael Bentine's Potty Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davey_and_Goliath=Davey and Goliath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odyssey_(TV_series)=The Odyssey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Your_Move_(game_show)=It's Your Move (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarborough_Country=Scarborough Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubletake=Doubletake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Wild=Totally Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_57th_(TV_series)=West 57th (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Copy=Hard Copy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.U.S.A.=A.U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_on_Fox=NFL on Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_NFL_Sunday=Fox NFL Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_Sunday_Night_Football=ESPN Sunday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_Square=Circle Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_on_NBC=NBA on NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_on_ABC=NBA on ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider!_(TV_series)=Spider! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Wave_(TV_series)=First Wave (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Canada=Good Morning Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Morning_(TV_programme)=This Morning (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Story_(2000_TV_series)=The Big Story (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krypto_the_Superdog=Krypto the Superdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budweiser_Frogs=Budweiser Frogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V.I.P._(TV_series)=V.I.P. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacked=Stacked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherly_Love_(1999_TV_series)=Brotherly Love (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wombat_(TV_series)=Wombat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Mouse:_The_New_Adventures=Mighty Mouse: The New Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave's_World=Dave's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Hogan_Show=The Paul Hogan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agro's_Cartoon_Connection=Agro's Cartoon Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_the_Law_(TV_series)=Above the Law (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Fights=Friday Night Fights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wednesday_Night_Baseball=Wednesday Night Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Weird=So Weird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_in_the_Axis_of_Evil=Holidays in the Axis of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mavis_Bramston_Show=The Mavis Bramston Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Control_(TV_series)=Damage Control (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Planet=Miracle Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.A.B.=C.A.B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Hour_(2004_TV_series)=Zero Hour (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Route_66_(TV_series)=Route 66 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budgie_the_Little_Helicopter=Budgie the Little Helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromwell_High=Bromwell High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smothers_Brothers_Show=The Smothers Brothers Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Cops=Star Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1996_TV_series)=Out of the Blue (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gothic_(TV_series)=American Gothic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colbert_Report=The Colbert Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_(TV_series)=Con (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heil_Honey_I'm_Home!=Heil Honey I'm Home!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Idea_with_Donny_Deutsch=The Big Idea with Donny Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter's_Laboratory:_Ego_Trip=Dexter's Laboratory: Ego Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Trekker=Globe Trekker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(Singaporean_TV_series)=The Return of the Condor Heroes (Singaporean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Knights=The Big Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Dreams=Empire of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision:_Your_Country_Needs_You=Eurovision: Your Country Needs You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalk_(TV_series)=Chalk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pie_in_the_Sky_(TV_series)=Pie in the Sky (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Live!=Going Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Should_Be_So_Lucky=You Should Be So Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_(TV_series)=Angie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Black:_The_Series=Men in Black: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Valley_PTA_(TV_series)=Harper Valley PTA (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sam_&_Max:_Freelance_Police=The Adventures of Sam & Max: Freelance Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Time=Disney Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'd_Do_Anything_(2004_TV_series)=I'd Do Anything (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Las_Vegas=The Real World: Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Street_(TV_series)=Lime Street (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty's_Kids=Liberty's Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encantadia=Encantadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Vegas=Dr. Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Gran=Super Gran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Kinder=Die Kinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAQ_U=FAQ U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Restoration=Divine Restoration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBQ_with_Bobby_Flay=BBQ with Bobby Flay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant_Makeover=Restaurant Makeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Valley=Secret Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Apart_(TV_series)=A World Apart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre_(TV_series)=Bizarre (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Pooh_Corner=Welcome to Pooh Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_Baby=Classical Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celts_(BBC_documentary)=The Celts (BBC documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_Steady_Go!=Ready Steady Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BraveStarr=BraveStarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_See_God,_Tell_Him=If You See God, Tell Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Gridiron_Stars=Battle of the Gridiron Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Under_Fire=Grace Under Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbo's_Circus=Dumbo's Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Townsend's_Wonder_World=Simon Townsend's Wonder World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_at_Ten=ITV News at Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_at_6:30=ITV News at 6:30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_at_1:30=ITV News at 1:30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Larson's_Tales_from_the_Far_Side=Gary Larson's Tales from the Far Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_of_the_Month=Play of the Month
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jetsons_Meet_the_Flintstones=The Jetsons Meet the Flintstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Planet=Alien Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Anderson's_New_Captain_Scarlet=Gerry Anderson's New Captain Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Files=Forensic Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_and_the_Fatman=Jake and the Fatman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbie_the_Reindeer=Robbie the Reindeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_with_Des_and_Mel=Today with Des and Mel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Place_(Australian_TV_series)=Our Place (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padre_Coraje=Padre Coraje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_Easy_Being_Green=It's Not Easy Being Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirk_(TV_series)=Kirk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rovers=Road Rovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stump_the_Schwab=Stump the Schwab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Your_Daddy%3F_(TV_series)=Who's Your Daddy? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvania_Waters_(TV_series)=Sylvania Waters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Will_(TV_series)=The Will (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(UK_TV_series)=The Apprentice (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O_(miniseries)=H2O (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hack_(TV_series)=Hack (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britney_and_Kevin:_Chaotic=Britney and Kevin: Chaotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Doctor_Beeching!=Oh, Doctor Beeching!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man:_The_New_Animated_Series=Spider-Man: The New Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerhard_Reinke's_Wanderlust=Gerhard Reinke's Wanderlust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_in_the_Skies=Triumph in the Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Knights=Houston Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overhaulin'=Overhaulin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Princess=Australian Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Next_Top_Model=Australia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Quiz=Pop Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Whisperer=Ghost Whisperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(Australian_TV_program)=Today (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK8-TV=SK8-TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_2Night=NHL 2Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Kate_(TV_series)=Sister Kate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Show_Moments_Gone_Bananas=Game Show Moments Gone Bananas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Palin's_Hemingway_Adventure=Michael Palin's Hemingway Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_with_Michael_Palin=Sahara with Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle_with_Michael_Palin=Full Circle with Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pole_to_Pole=Pole to Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Palin:_Around_the_World_in_80_Days=Michael Palin: Around the World in 80 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fauji_(TV_series)=Fauji (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_in_the_Land_of_Chalk_Drawings=Simon in the Land of Chalk Drawings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biskitts=The Biskitts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squawk_Box=Squawk Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extraordinary=The Extraordinary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Austin=The Real World: Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singled_Out=Singled Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Women=Loose Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_of_Grime=A Life of Grime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_for_Gold=Going for Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Spies=Cambridge Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Princess=Death of a Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Mystic_Force=Power Rangers Mystic Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springwatch=Springwatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingermouse=Fingermouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Boyard_(TV_series)=Fort Boyard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eek!_The_Cat=Eek! The Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_with_Pictures=Radio with Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Outdoors_(Australian_TV_series)=The Great Outdoors (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Blue_(TV_series)=Pacific Blue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unexplained_Mysteries=Unexplained Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Loose_Live=Let Loose Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakers!_The_Adventures_of_Piggley_Winks=Jakers! The Adventures of Piggley Winks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Pizza=Cold Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebelde=Rebelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Chef_USA=Iron Chef USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Dares_Wins_(game_show)=Who Dares Wins (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_(G4_TV_series)=Arena (G4 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2001=Star Awards 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreakyLinks=FreakyLinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thick_of_It=The Thick of It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_in_New_York=Today in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Threshold_of_an_Era=At the Threshold of an Era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limits_(BBC_TV_series)=No Limits (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_(TV_series)=Serious (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lyon's_Den=The Lyon's Den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalyst_(TV_program)=Catalyst (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._90210=Dr. 90210
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Puzzle_Place=The Puzzle Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Effects_(TV_series)=Side Effects (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Micallef_P(r)ogram(me)=The Micallef P(r)ogram(me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micallef_Tonight=Micallef Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_Attorney_(TV_series)=Power of Attorney (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Report=Strange Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kept=Kept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religion_&_Ethics_Newsweekly=Religion & Ethics Newsweekly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_der_Valk_(TV_series)=Van der Valk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trippin'=Trippin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Geek=Beauty and the Geek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_(U.S._TV_series)=Stella (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_'80s_Show=That '80s Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Cat_and_Friends=Fat Cat and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_2=How 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_Classic_120_Minutes=VH1 Classic 120 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Mania=Metal Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Teddy_Z=The Famous Teddy Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurolaul=Eurolaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefield_Britain=Battlefield Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Celebrity_Detox=Extreme Celebrity Detox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Precinct=Space Precinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tugs_(TV_series)=Tugs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_of_the_House=Women of the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Close_for_Comfort=Too Close for Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_Juniper_Lee=The Life and Times of Juniper Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongrel_Nation=Mongrel Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imus_in_the_Morning=Imus in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Man=Night Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Legend_of_Wyatt_Earp=The Life and Legend of Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Life_(2000_TV_series)=That's Life (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Bomber=X-Bomber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gastineau_Girls=The Gastineau Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_(TV_series)=Luna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Boom_Crew=Da Boom Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Harvey's_Big_Time_Challenge=Steve Harvey's Big Time Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prison_Break=Prison Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Heat=Night Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Con_Carne=Evil Con Carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Support_(TV_series)=Life Support (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popetown=Popetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_of_Duty_(TV_series)=Tour of Duty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_in_the_Danger_Zone=Holidays in the Danger Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Was_Here=America Was Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scholar=The Scholar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_McCool=Cool McCool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France_Five=France Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_to_Hero=Zero to Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_Super_Power_Hour_with_Shazam!=The Kid Super Power Hour with Shazam!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_in_Progress=Jake in Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Spaces:_Boys_vs._Girls=Trading Spaces: Boys vs. Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cut_(2005_U.S._TV_series)=The Cut (2005 U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Vinci's_City_Hall=Da Vinci's City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipkins=Pipkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clocking_Off=Clocking Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movies_for_the_ImaginAsian=Movies for the ImaginAsian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_(TV_series)=Diary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Request=Total Request
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanny_911=Nanny 911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ed_and_Zed_Show=The Ed and Zed Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_the_Twain=Never the Twain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Good_Friends=Just Good Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Families_(TV_series)=Families (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleksnes_Fataliteter=Fleksnes Fataliteter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_and_Daughters_(Australian_TV_series)=Sons and Daughters (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidio_Med=Presidio Med
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Edition_(TV_series)=Sunday Edition (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brat_Camp=Brat Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(TV_series)=Connections (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Pick_Live=U-Pick Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Clark's_New_Year's_Rockin'_Eve=Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Equalizer=The Equalizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catherine_Tate_Show=The Catherine Tate Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_Pattern_(TV_series)=Test Pattern (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Hill=Kevin Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Hunters=Mystery Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivorman=Survivorman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferris_Bueller_(TV_series)=Ferris Bueller (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Network_Star=Food Network Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mock_the_Week=Mock the Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_Parade=Theatre Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwall_(TV_series)=Redwall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Rescue=Animal Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Gets_the_Dog%3F=Who Gets the Dog?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremner,_Bird_and_Fortune=Bremner, Bird and Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Times_(TV_series)=Life and Times (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rox_(TV_series)=Rox (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TFI_Friday=TFI Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Is_Wild=The Future Is Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Apes_(TV_series)=Planet of the Apes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosby_Mysteries=The Cosby Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuna_de_lobos=Cuna de lobos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booknotes=Booknotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Hospital=Animal Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Card=Trump Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_McBean=Tracey McBean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Contrary=To the Contrary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridlock_(game_show)=Gridlock (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jackson_5ive_(TV_series)=The Jackson 5ive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanda_Does_It=Wanda Does It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(U.S._TV_series)=Dancing with the Stars (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hocus_Focus_(TV_series)=Hocus Focus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Belief:_Fact_or_Fiction=Beyond Belief: Fact or Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_(TV_series)=Popular (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starcom:_The_U.S._Space_Force=Starcom: The U.S. Space Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Lazlo=Camp Lazlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Exposure=Maximum Exposure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catscratch=Catscratch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Magazine_(Hong_Kong_TV)=Money Magazine (Hong Kong TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernormal=Supernormal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_to_December=May to December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Pooh=The Book of Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildlife_on_One=Wildlife on One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_World_(TV_series)=Natural World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bill_(TV_series)=Little Bill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_(TV_series)=Rome (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Today=Early Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Aventures_de_Virulysse=Les Aventures de Virulysse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Your_Own_Back=Get Your Own Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Natural_Wonders=Seven Natural Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Action_Is=Where the Action Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronauts_(TV_series)=Astronauts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_Nothing=Believe Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andromeda_Breakthrough=The Andromeda Breakthrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svengoolie=Svengoolie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Cases=Space Cases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follyfoot=Follyfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wednesday_9:30_(8:30_Central)=Wednesday 9:30 (8:30 Central)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Out_of_10_Cats=8 Out of 10 Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Out_(TV_series)=Blow Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_100_tours_de_Centour=Les 100 tours de Centour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanfreluche=Fanfreluche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iniminimagimo=Iniminimagimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nic_et_Pic=Nic et Pic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Oraliens=Les Oraliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Situation_Room=The Situation Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Traboulidon=Le Traboulidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Voyages_du_tortillard=Les Voyages du tortillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Charades=Celebrity Charades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Chicago=The Real World: Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Story=Australian Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruey=Gruey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7.30_Report=The 7.30 Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_and_Perky=Pinky and Perky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galidor=Galidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Skeeter=Cousin Skeeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_Life=Married Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeling_in_the_Years=Reeling in the Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Young=Mr. Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Josh=Naked Josh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_oz._Mouse=12 oz. Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Green_Grass=The Green Green Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Trackers=Sky Trackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(1982_TV_series)=Fame (1982 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Letters=Chain Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceNews_(television_show)=SpaceNews (television show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Hunter_(TV_series)=Shadow Hunter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_Yogi!=Yo Yogi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Einstein_Factor=The Einstein Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_and_Bred=Born and Bred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rags_to_Riches_(TV_series)=Rags to Riches (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambush_Makeover=Ambush Makeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_After_Night_with_Allan_Havey=Night After Night with Allan Havey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Confidential=WWE Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Hair_Forever=Perfect Hair Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturally,_Sadie=Naturally, Sadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UC:_Undercover=UC: Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softly,_Softly_(TV_series)=Softly, Softly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Dick_Van_Dyke_Show=The New Dick Van Dyke Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Littlest_Hobo=The Littlest Hobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Thief_(2005_TV_series)=It Takes a Thief (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Way_Round=Long Way Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(TV_series)=Brothers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TLC_(TV_series)=TLC (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_et_Stella=Robin et Stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Club_des_100_Watts=Le Club des 100 Watts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Got_It_Made=We Got It Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_&_Judy=Richard & Judy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_the_Garden_Gnome=Gordon the Garden Gnome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AM_America=AM America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Fields=Fresh Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker_(2005_TV_series)=Tucker (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_(TV_series)=Invasion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_Lydia=Living with Lydia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Man_(TV_series)=Pac-Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Be_a_Soap_Star=I Wanna Be a Soap Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countryfile=Countryfile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodentops_(TV_series)=The Woodentops (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_with_Mother=Watch with Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_(TV_series)=Made (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Window_on_the_World=Window on the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andy_Milonakis_Show=The Andy Milonakis Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Call=The Big Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Beck_Program=Glenn Beck Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Variety=Viva Variety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Heat=Tropical Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatort=Tatort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Def_Comedy_Jam=Def Comedy Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiju_Booska=Kaiju Booska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_Chung_Tonight=Connie Chung Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(TV_series)=The Sentinel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_(1957_TV_series)=Zorro (1957 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_the_Rat=Gary the Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Dreaming_(TV_series)=California Dreaming (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaucers=Dinosaucers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Backyardigans=The Backyardigans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Star=Instant Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Animated_Series=Highlander: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_Standing_(Australian_TV_series)=Last Man Standing (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Tape=The Stone Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural_(U.S._TV_series)=Supernatural (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Defenders_of_the_Realm=Mortal Kombat: Defenders of the Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_(TV_series)=Conquest (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Star:_INXS=Rock Star: INXS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illustrated_Weekly_Hudd=The Illustrated Weekly Hudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Petula_Clark=This Is Petula Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Dead_(TV_series)=Waking the Dead (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi's_Treasure_Hunt=Yogi's Treasure Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy:_Adventures_in_Bushtown=Skippy: Adventures in Bushtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_'96=Class of '96
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumb_Bandits=Thumb Bandits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Diva_Search=WWE Diva Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fabulous_Gay_Wedding=My Fabulous Gay Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_of_Mencia=Mind of Mencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darna_(2005_TV_series)=Darna (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Seven=Ultra Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Change=Short Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_To_Be_a_Hilton=I Want To Be a Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay's_Kitchen_Nightmares=Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_on_the_8s=Local on the 8s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Five=Phoenix Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_There_(Australian_TV_series)=Out There (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variety_Big_Brother=Variety Big Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Thunder=Sons of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquititas=Chiquititas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nedjeljom_u_dva=Nedjeljom u dva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco_H.E.A.T.=Acapulco H.E.A.T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_(TV_series)=Dolly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stankervision=Stankervision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name's_the_Same=The Name's the Same
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybergirl=Cybergirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Max=Fantastic Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heat_Is_On_(TV_series)=The Heat Is On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechLive=TechLive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballbreakers=Ballbreakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Show=The Elephant Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Hotels=Great Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogan_Knows_Best=Hogan Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Charlie's_Angels=Asian Charlie's Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_David_Lloyd_George=The Life and Times of David Lloyd George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Series=Highlander: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1979_TV_series)=Out of the Blue (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invent_This!=Invent This!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Monday=First Monday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headbangers_Ball=Headbangers Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_of_the_Summer_Wine=First of the Summer Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_Eye_for_the_Straight_Girl=Queer Eye for the Straight Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Most_Amazing_Videos=World's Most Amazing Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Day_L.A.=Good Day L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15/Love=15/Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Said,_She_Said_(game_show)=He Said, She Said (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Goose_and_Grimm_(TV_series)=Mother Goose and Grimm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Adventures_of_Jonny_Quest=The Real Adventures of Jonny Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superboy_(TV_series)=Superboy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_(TV_series)=Marty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Minds=Criminal Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broaden_Your_Mind=Broaden Your Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_a_Fortnight=Twice a Fortnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Bobby_Brown=Being Bobby Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extras_(TV_series)=Extras (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(1981_TV_series)=Spider-Man (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Live_Today=CNN Live Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_live-action_TV_series=Star Wars live-action TV series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel's_Fire=Gabriel's Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NerdTV=NerdTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Girls_Don't_(TV_series)=Good Girls Don't (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoops_(1999_TV_series)=Snoops (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Hates_Chris=Everybody Hates Chris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Daniel_Cook=This is Daniel Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knock=The Knock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carol_Duvall_Show=The Carol Duvall Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Style=House of Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Daybreak=CNN Daybreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burke's_Backyard=Burke's Backyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtreme_Pro_Wrestling=Xtreme Pro Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1927_in_British_television=1927 in British television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(1988_TV_series)=Home (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/240-Robert=240-Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_to_Shore_(TV_series)=Ship to Shore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Q=Ultra Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inside_(TV_series)=The Inside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Worth_Living=Life Is Worth Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Saturday=Soccer Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly!=Dolly!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Louie=Life with Louie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina,_the_Teenage_Witch_(TV_series)=Sabrina, the Teenage Witch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_for_Dollars=Bowling for Dollars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hur_Jun_(TV_series)=Hur Jun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A*mazing=A*mazing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Power_and_the_Soldiers_of_the_Future=Captain Power and the Soldiers of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerching!=Kerching!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhumanoids=Inhumanoids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_(Dutch_TV_series)=Countdown (Dutch TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_Malibu_Road=2000 Malibu Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman:_Towards_the_Future=Ultraman: Towards the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_Shores=Malibu Shores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princes_of_Malibu=The Princes of Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattytown_Tales=Hattytown Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_(Finnish_TV_series)=Idols (Finnish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.R._(TV_series)=P.R. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Doctors=The Flying Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_a_Suitcase=Man in a Suitcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_&_Half=Half & Half
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Date_with_a_Vampire=My Date with a Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/64_Zoo_Lane=64 Zoo Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widget_(TV_series)=Widget (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_There_(TV_series)=Over There (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fury=Street Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Town_(TV_series)=Hell Town (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piglet_Files=The Piglet Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexei_Sayle's_Stuff=Alexei Sayle's Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Alien=Pet Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Tricks=New Tricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie's_Kitchen=Jamie's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford's_Puppy_Days=Clifford's Puppy Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikkabilla=Tikkabilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_World=Strange World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wordplay_(game_show)=Wordplay (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Current_Affair=A Current Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister,_Sister_(TV_series)=Sister, Sister (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night's_Main_Event=Saturday Night's Main Event
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_in_the_Morning=Elliot in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Angel_Mindfreak=Criss Angel Mindfreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_(CNBC)=The Call (CNBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Poker_Club=Celebrity Poker Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcy's_Wild_Life=Darcy's Wild Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Nexus=Ultraman Nexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Department_S_(TV_series)=Department S (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_&_Favour=Grace & Favour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsCentury=SportsCentury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designer_Guys=Designer Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tyra_Banks_Show=The Tyra Banks Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_It's_Me_(TV_series)=Maybe It's Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windfall_(TV_series)=Windfall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Zonk_and_the_Zunkins=Dr. Zonk and the Zunkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Army_(TV_series)=Secret Army (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley's_World=Shirley's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercurrents_(TV_series)=Undercurrents (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Monday_Night_Football=Ford Monday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Spot_(TV_series)=G-Spot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluppy_Dogs=Fluppy Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_News_Sunday=Fox News Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse_Clubhouse=Mickey Mouse Clubhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvage_1=Salvage 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Hotel=Fantasy Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Track_(British_TV_series)=Fast Track (British TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutschland_sucht_den_Superstar=Deutschland sucht den Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_Tonight=Today Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Division=The Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chevy_Chase_Show=The Chevy Chase Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Movies=Talking Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_101=TV 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closer=The Closer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_President=Super President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Edition_with_Wolf_Blitzer=Late Edition with Wolf Blitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_History_(1998_TV_series)=Haunted History (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Robot_Monkey_Team_Hyperforce_Go!=Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriller_(U.S._TV_series)=Thriller (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Martin_(TV_series)=Bob Martin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_(Australian_TV_series)=The Block (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_on_Your_Collar_(TV_series)=Lipstick on Your Collar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Exchange_(CNBC_Europe)=Morning Exchange (CNBC Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Lunch=Power Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closing_Bell=Closing Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today's_Business_(CNBC_Europe)=Today's Business (CNBC Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankety_Blanks_(Australian_game_show)=Blankety Blanks (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15_Storeys_High=15 Storeys High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Rats_(TV_series)=Water Rats (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_derecho_de_nacer_(1981_telenovela)=El derecho de nacer (1981 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World_(TV_series)=Brave New World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing_After_Dark=Boxing After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Challenge=Extra Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Set_(game_show)=Jet Set (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Investigators=Forensic Investigators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Late_with_Adam_Carolla=Too Late with Adam Carolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Balls=Golden Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animorphs_(TV_series)=Animorphs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Say_the_Darndest_Things=Kids Say the Darndest Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Didn't_Know_You_Cared=I Didn't Know You Cared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Honey,_I'm_Home!=Hi Honey, I'm Home!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Up=On the Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Ghost_(TV_series)=Space Ghost (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Cassidy_(TV_series)=Butch Cassidy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werewolf_(TV_series)=Werewolf (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotham_Girls=Gotham Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal%3F=Paranormal?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_Firm=The Law Firm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News:_Sunday=CBC News: Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinbad_Show=The Sinbad Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Clampett_Show=The Bob Clampett Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Shop=Cop Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Magazine=Science Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Girls=Rich Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_Wrestling=Impact Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GED_Connection=GED Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Business_School=Small Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Want_Me%3F=How Do You Want Me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitrahaar=Chitrahaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Color_Mask=Seven Color Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_SuperStar=Project SuperStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Love_(TV_series)=Endless Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Ace=Ultraman Ace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Tiga=Ultraman Tiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_80=Ultraman 80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Dyna=Ultraman Dyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Taro=Ultraman Taro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Gaia=Ultraman Gaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Leo=Ultraman Leo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_Call_(CNBC)=Wake Up Call (CNBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Signs_(TV_series)=Street Signs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rap_City_(BET_program)=Rap City (BET program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_MacDonald's_Farm=New MacDonald's Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedford_Diaries=The Bedford Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Game_(TV_series)=Spy Game (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Ultraman=The Return of Ultraman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Trouble_(U.S._TV_series)=Double Trouble (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Your_Move=It's Your Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Factory=Dance Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_on_Homes=Holmes on Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Pop_Superstar=Pinoy Pop Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scariest_Places_on_Earth=Scariest Places on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahiin_to_Hoga=Kahiin to Hoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey,_I_Shrunk_the_Kids:_The_TV_Show=Honey, I Shrunk the Kids: The TV Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barchester_Chronicles=The Barchester Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZZZap!=ZZZap!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Second_(game_show)=Split Second (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratzim_Ladira=Ratzim Ladira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Attack=Art Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luis_(TV_series)=Luis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Spielhaus=Das Spielhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracking_Up_(TV_series)=Cracking Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keen_Eddie=Keen Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Style=BET Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baron=The Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_This_Week=Europe This Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield's_Thanksgiving=Garfield's Thanksgiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11_Somerset=11 Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passionate_Eye=The Passionate Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Eve_(TV_series)=All About Eve (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Los_Angeles=The Real World: Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_Exchange=The Morning Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Start_Your_Own_Country=How to Start Your Own Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Miami=The Real World: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zack_Files=The Zack Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander_in_Chief_(TV_series)=Commander in Chief (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Earl=My Name Is Earl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Ring=E-Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireman_(TV_series)=Fireman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surface_(TV_series)=Surface (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inconceivable=Inconceivable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Wishes_(TV_series)=Three Wishes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_(1972_film)=Imagine (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saturday_Show_(BBC_TV_series)=The Saturday Show (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chock-A-Block=Chock-A-Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_(1992_TV_series)=Billy (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Hidden_Frontier=Star Trek: Hidden Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcastle_and_McCormick=Hardcastle and McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_(TV_programme)=Tonight (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_(TV_series)=The Mountain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autocrats=The Autocrats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clase_406=Clase 406
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Key_West=The Real World: Key West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_V3=Kamen Rider V3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_(TV_series)=Switch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Way=Gideon's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_$treet=The $treet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omen_IV:_The_Awakening=Omen IV: The Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Falls=Paradise Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whitest_Kids_U'_Know=The Whitest Kids U' Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi-Coloured_Swap_Shop=Multi-Coloured Swap Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Obsessive_Compulsives=The House of Obsessive Compulsives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_By=Getting By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_PJs=The PJs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEF_II=DEF II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow:_Stairway_to_Heaven=The Crow: Stairway to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Size_Small=Size Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rifleman=The Rifleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTV_National_News=CTV National News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father,_Dear_Father=Father, Dear Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrainTeaser=BrainTeaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(TV_series)=Starting Over (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_(2010_telenovela)=Teresa (2010 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_This_Morning=CBS This Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules:_Islands=Road Rules: Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head=The Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupu=Tupu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Spirit=Country Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_News_at_Sunrise=NBC News at Sunrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Plank_(gameshow)=Walk the Plank (gameshow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Undercover=New York Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Opinion_(TV_series)=Public Opinion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_and_His_Dog=One Man and His Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy:_The_Animated_Series=The Mummy: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mga_Anghel_na_Walang_Langit=Mga Anghel na Walang Langit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_ang_Lahat_sa_Akin=Ikaw ang Lahat sa Akin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampanerang_Kuba_(2005_TV_series)=Kampanerang Kuba (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Rose=Green Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Bulilit=Goin' Bulilit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol=TV Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widows_(TV_series)=Widows (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizbit=Wizbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etalk=Etalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightline_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=Nightline (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_House=The Wild House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Up_All_Night=USA Up All Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Gang=Capital Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_of_New_Moon_(TV_series)=Emily of New Moon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Always_Sunny_in_Philadelphia=It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClain's_Law=McClain's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Lee_Goes_to_College=Tommy Lee Goes to College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_Justice_(TV_series)=Sword of Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciao_Bella_(TV_series)=Ciao Bella (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_(TV_series)=Diamonds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Central_Mindanao=TV Patrol Central Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardeners'_World=Gardeners' World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_Afire=Hearts Afire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starved=Starved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galli_Galli_Sim_Sim=Galli Galli Sim Sim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Machine=The Money Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boone_(TV_series)=Daniel Boone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Practice=Out of Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Spies=She Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartzufim=Chartzufim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Things_Were_Rotten=When Things Were Rotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_(TV_series)=Imagine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Gang=Bubble Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Rose=Vietnam Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Panday_(TV_series)=Ang Panday (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulong_ng_Palad=Gulong ng Palad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilipinas,_Game_KNB%3F=Pilipinas, Game KNB?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wazzup_Wazzup=Wazzup Wazzup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASAP_Fanatic=ASAP Fanatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Central=News Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Speak=Y Speak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magandang_Umaga,_Pilipinas=Magandang Umaga, Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_Ka_Dito=At Home Ka Dito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Konek=Entertainment Konek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeboy_(TV_show)=Homeboy (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quizon_Avenue=Quizon Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Juan_and_Only=My Juan and Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_the_Star_in_a_Million=Search for the Star in a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magandang_Gabi,_Bayan=Magandang Gabi, Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_Insider=ABS-CBN Insider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nginiig=Nginiig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_Something_Extra=The Girl with Something Extra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bits_and_Bobs=Bits and Bobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Special_(TV_series)=Something Special (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelmouse=Angelmouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_'n_Out=Wild 'n Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push,_Nevada=Push, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Ned=Nightmare Ned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Batman_Adventures=The New Batman Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWF_Prime_Time_Wrestling=WWF Prime Time Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Hands_III=Healing Hands III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancer=Chancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_His_Bucket_Full_of_Dinosaurs=Harry and His Bucket Full of Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Hands_II=Healing Hands II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Oras=24 Oras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wowowee=Wowowee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Neos=Ultraman Neos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Cosmos=Ultraman Cosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Today=Weekend Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kind_of_Town_(TV_series)=My Kind of Town (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(1954_TV_series)=Flash Gordon (1954 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_on_Top_(TV_series)=Girls on Top (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabet_Castle=Alphabet Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Home_(2005_TV_series)=Close to Home (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes=Babes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexx=Lexx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Fat_Ladies=Two Fat Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BB3B=BB3B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_100_Lives_of_Black_Jack_Savage=The 100 Lives of Black Jack Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Traveller=Business Traveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viper_(TV_series)=Viper (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_T_(TV_series)=Mister T (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(TV_series)=Fear (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Picture_of_Britain=A Picture of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taradise=Taradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerks:_The_Animated_Series=Clerks: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Up_Rosie=Coming Up Rosie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_Steady_Cook_(Australian_TV_series)=Ready Steady Cook (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Larroquette_Show=The John Larroquette Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothers-in-Law=The Mothers-in-Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheeltappers_and_Shunters_Social_Club=The Wheeltappers and Shunters Social Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Killer_Tomatoes_(TV_series)=Attack of the Killer Tomatoes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boondocks_(TV_series)=The Boondocks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_and_the_Mad_Dog=Mike and the Mad Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Slept_Here=Jennifer Slept Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Super_Sunday=Ford Super Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peter_Principle_(TV_series)=The Peter Principle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbershop_(TV_series)=Barbershop (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Magoons=Meet the Magoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hit_Man_and_Her=The Hit Man and Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anti-Gravity_Room=The Anti-Gravity Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(1980_TV_series)=Richie Rich (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_the_Black_Stallion=The Adventures of the Black Stallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watercolour_Challenge=Watercolour Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooking_For_Love=Cooking For Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_(TV_series)=Smile (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALF:_The_Animated_Series=ALF: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecola=Pecola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(U.S._TV_series)=Down to Earth (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_in_Paris=Lovers in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Baby_(TV_series)=Oh Baby (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamat_Dok=Salamat Dok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Life_in_Their_Hands=Your Life in Their Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tex_Avery_Show=The Tex Avery Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Step_into_the_Past=A Step into the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twins_(TV_series)=Twins (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name_Your_Adventure=Name Your Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Your_Pick!=Take Your Pick!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Wars_(TV_series)=Road Wars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_News_Sunday_Morning=CBS News Sunday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_List_(TV_series)=Hit List (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Cinema=Casino Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Jobs=Dirty Jobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardball_(1989_TV_series)=Hardball (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlander:_The_Raven=Highlander: The Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bund_(TV_series)=The Bund (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daktari=Daktari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profit_(TV_series)=Profit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Party=TV Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurses_(TV_series)=Nurses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_This_Morning=America This Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Place=Market Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Men=Modern Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Run=Jungle Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumped=Dumped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wumpa's_World=Wumpa's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Network_Reality_Stars=Battle of the Network Reality Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KinK=KinK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppa_Pig=Peppa Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_(TV_series)=Reunion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_'Em_Back_Alive_(TV_series)=Bring 'Em Back Alive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx_Zoo_(TV_series)=The Bronx Zoo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Reality=Kill Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Naughtiest_Home_Videos=Australia's Naughtiest Home Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_and_Bubba=Rick and Bubba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_(TV_series)=Roc (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Idol_(Greek_TV_series)=Super Idol (Greek TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationwide_(TV_programme)=Nationwide (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Detective=The Chinese Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_TV=Real TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratz_(TV_series)=Ratz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumper_Stumpers=Bumper Stumpers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Brady=My Fair Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blott_on_the_Landscape=Blott on the Landscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_New_York=The Real World: New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_lista_nadrealista=Top lista nadrealista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_to_Glory=Call to Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_Kids=StarStruck Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_do_you_like_Wednesday%3F=How do you like Wednesday?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_of_Fire_(2003_TV_series)=Line of Fire (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_Hours_(TV_series)=48 Hours (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_to_the_Minute=Up to the Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_the_Undergrowth=Life in the Undergrowth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulberry_(TV_series)=Mulberry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Special_(TV_series)=The Midnight Special (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroker_and_Hoop=Stroker and Hoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why,_Charlie_Brown,_Why%3F=Why, Charlie Brown, Why?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woof!=Woof!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compact_(TV_series)=Compact (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_Stone_of_Idiot=18 Stone of Idiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Buggin'=House of Buggin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8:15_from_Manchester=8:15 from Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madea's_Class_Reunion=Madea's Class Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Nightmare,_Charlie_Brown!=What a Nightmare, Charlie Brown!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Mystery,_Charlie_Brown=It's a Mystery, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_Again,_Charlie_Brown=Play It Again, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Was_a_Short_Summer,_Charlie_Brown=It Was a Short Summer, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_in_Love,_Charlie_Brown=You're in Love, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Time_for_Love,_Charlie_Brown=There's No Time for Love, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brown's_All-Stars=Charlie Brown's All-Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_Your_Dog,_Charlie_Brown=He's Your Dog, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_My_Valentine,_Charlie_Brown=Be My Valentine, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_the_Easter_Beagle,_Charlie_Brown=It's the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Tonight=Sports Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Your_First_Kiss,_Charlie_Brown=It's Your First Kiss, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTV_News_at_5_(Maritimes)=CTV News at 5 (Maritimes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_(Dutch_TV_series)=Nova (Dutch TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All*Star_Cup=All*Star Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouquet_of_Barbed_Wire=Bouquet of Barbed Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_(TV_series)=Brass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funland=Funland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevor's_World_of_Sport=Trevor's World of Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_District_Nurse=The District Nurse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_of_Eagles=Fall of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connie_(TV_series)=Connie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dramarama_(TV_series)=Dramarama (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_for_a_Laugh=Game for a Laugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Bet!=You Bet!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colditz_(TV_series)=Colditz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Road=Empire Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rag_Trade=The Rag Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_School=Rock School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United!=United!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Cottage=Crazy Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lotus_Eaters_(TV_series)=The Lotus Eaters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblivious_(U.S._game_show)=Oblivious (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_Me_Luck=Wish Me Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Boat_Comes_In=When the Boat Comes In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_at_the_Palladium=Sunday Night at the Palladium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Munsters_Today=The Munsters Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillie_(TV_series)=Lillie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amp_(TV_series)=Amp (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Birthday,_Charlie_Brown=Happy Birthday, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telly_Addicts=Telly Addicts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Show_(1986_TV_series)=The Late Show (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoopy's_Reunion=Snoopy's Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liewe_Heksie=Liewe Heksie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_Shoes=Crocodile Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Money_(TV_series)=For Love or Money (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Really_Wild_Show=The Really Wild Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Maidens=Star Maidens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakers_(TV_series)=Breakers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_and_Friends_(Australian_TV_series)=Family and Friends (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Island=Holiday Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Morty's_Dub_Shack=Uncle Morty's Dub Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etheria=Etheria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_(TV_series)=Wheels (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrageous_Fortune_(TV_series)=Outrageous Fortune (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Point_(TV_series)=Echo Point (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Beach=Paradise Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_Street=E Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbreak_High=Heartbreak High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollercoaster_(TV_series)=Rollercoaster (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_(TV_series)=Hiram (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Going_Back_(TV_series)=No Going Back (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Teddy_Ruxpin=The Adventures of Teddy Ruxpin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_and_a_Movie=Dinner and a Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicide_(Australian_TV_series)=Homicide (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_4=Division 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matlock_Police=Matlock Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_(TV_series)=The Marriage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_(TV_series)=Martha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Woman_(TV_series)=Medicine Woman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperanza_(TV_series)=Esperanza (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Parents_Are_Aliens=My Parents Are Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Collar_Blue=White Collar Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenko_and_the_Guardians_of_the_Magic=Tenko and the Guardians of the Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuts=Cuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_in_Space=Emmanuelle in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar's_Club=Liar's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steve_Allen_Show=The Steve Allen Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbroken_Cycle=The Unbroken Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Romance_in_Shanghai=A Romance in Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Stars=Looking for Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_White_Snake_(TV_series)=Madam White Snake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafted=Shafted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_to_a_Prosecution=Witness to a Prosecution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_Live_with_Steve_Vizard=Tonight Live with Steve Vizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1990_(TV_series)=1990 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omega_Factor=The Omega Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural_(1977_TV_series)=Supernatural (1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavanagh_QC=Kavanagh QC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruth_Rendell_Mysteries=The Ruth Rendell Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank's_Place=Frank's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shillingbury_Tales=Shillingbury Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_on_Harvey_Moon=Shine on Harvey Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.A.T.S._Eyes=C.A.T.S. Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_and_Scrappy-Doo_(1979_TV_series)=Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Scooby-Doo_and_Scrappy-Doo_shorts=List of Scooby-Doo and Scrappy-Doo shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Scooby_and_Scrappy-Doo_Show=The New Scooby and Scrappy-Doo Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Susan=Miss Susan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Coast=The Wrong Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_(TV_series)=Bliss (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Up-Late_Game_Show=The Up-Late Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gidget_(TV_series)=Gidget (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Call=Murder Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consider_Your_Verdict=Consider Your Verdict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_(1959_TV_series)=Emergency (1959 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Roots_(TV_series)=Grass Roots (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merseybeat_(TV_series)=Merseybeat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Express_(TV_series)=Hong Kong Express (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_Music_(U.S._game_show)=Face the Music (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Arthur_Conan_Doyle's_The_Lost_World=Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's The Lost World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Down,_Shut_Up_(TV_series)=Sit Down, Shut Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiplash_(TV_series)=Whiplash (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go,_Diego,_Go!=Go, Diego, Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Question_Period_(TV_series)=Question Period (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Moon=Under the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mula_Sa_Puso=Mula Sa Puso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Trousers=Monkey Trousers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Unlimited=Sports Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bora_(TV_series)=Bora (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Correspondents_(TV_series)=The Correspondents (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qpids=Qpids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makuha_Ka_sa_Tikim=Makuha Ka sa Tikim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probe_(Philippine_TV_series)=Probe (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperStar_KZ=SuperStar KZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brides_of_Christ=Brides of Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_in_the_Air_(TV_series)=Something in the Air (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Live=Kenny Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Live_(Irish_TV_series)=Saturday Live (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailside=Trailside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Week_in_Baseball=This Week in Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Cargo=Human Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_on_a_Train=Caught on a Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Pride=House of Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikari_Sentai_Maskman=Hikari Sentai Maskman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Outside=Come Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camel_News_Caravan=Camel News Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Superstore=Saturday Superstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_for_the_Match=Up for the Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Double_Deckers=Here Come the Double Deckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ear_to_the_Ground=Ear to the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_(TV_series)=Kennedy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(1972_TV_serial)=Emma (1972 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpongeBob_SquarePants=SpongeBob SquarePants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_Teen=Turbo Teen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catchphrase_(UK_game_show)=Catchphrase (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Tonight_Canada=Entertainment Tonight Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razzle_Dazzle=Razzle Dazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Sentinels=Space Sentinels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Bonaduce=Breaking Bonaduce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_(1968_TV_series)=The Good Guys (1968 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusty's_Trail=Dusty's Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kontrobersyal=Kontrobersyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Yes_Show!=Yes, Yes Show!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Star=Little Big Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maalaala_Mo_Kaya=Maalaala Mo Kaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Puno_Live=Dong Puno Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Jam=Art Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumikitang_Kabuhayan=Kumikitang Kabuhayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Feel_Young=Oh Feel Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atheism:_A_Rough_History_of_Disbelief=Atheism: A Rough History of Disbelief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Phil_(TV_series)=Dr. Phil (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Worst_Celebrity_Driver=Britain's Worst Celebrity Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_29_Down=Flight 29 Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_at_Home_(TV_series)=The War at Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vor-Tech:_Undercover_Conversion_Squad=Vor-Tech: Undercover Conversion Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_About_Time_(TV_series)=It's About Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_(TV_series)=Bones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Men=City of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Qahera_Al_Youm=Al Qahera Al Youm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie=Freddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Lopez_(TV_series)=George Lopez (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Chaplin=Unknown Chaplin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring:_The_Final_Chapter=Ring: The Final Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamer.tv=Gamer.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6teen=6teen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportsround=Sportsround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_Joan=I Married Joan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_John,_Little_John=Big John, Little John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snoop_Sisters=The Snoop Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chikyu_Sentai_Fiveman=Chikyu Sentai Fiveman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Cats=Space Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Diarista=A Diarista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starhunter=Starhunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_Griffin:_My_Life_on_the_D-List=Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freewheelers=Freewheelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Dowling_Mysteries=Father Dowling Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavender_Castle=Lavender Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collector_(TV_series)=The Collector (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babblewick_Hall=Babblewick Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threshold_(TV_series)=Threshold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_the_Past=Shooting the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecrime=Telecrime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Children=For the Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starlight_(TV_series)=Starlight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Market_Wrap=Asia Market Wrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minipops=Minipops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spicy_City=Spicy City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Don't_You%3F=Why Don't You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportsnight=Sportsnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Christmas_Vacation_2=National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starcade=Starcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buzz_(talk_show)=The Buzz (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Fields=French Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_Next_Door=The Girls Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Briggs=Jonny Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Met_Your_Mother=How I Met Your Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Cases=Head Cases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Q:_Dark_Fantasy=Ultra Q: Dark Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2002=Star Awards 2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Mungo_and_Midge=Mary, Mungo and Midge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Ultra_(TV_series)=Captain Ultra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatherhood_(TV_series)=Fatherhood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kousoku_Sentai_Turboranger=Kousoku Sentai Turboranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moondial_(TV_serial)=Moondial (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise_Chef=Surprise Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Dripping=Lizzie Dripping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_(TV_serial)=Sky (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intrepids=The Intrepids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Castle=King of the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Queen=Warrior Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Stallion=The Moon Stallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_in_the_Sun=Break in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmalade_Atkins=Marmalade Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edna,_the_Inebriate_Woman=Edna, the Inebriate Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_on_Fox=Major League Baseball on Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Max=Ultraman Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Men..._ke_I_Den=I Men... ke I Den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inked=Inked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baker_Street_Boys=The Baker Street Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker's_Luck=Tucker's Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Life_(2005_TV_series)=Wonderful Life (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Wine=Land of Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Life_(TV_series)=The High Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Book_(TV_series)=Picture Book (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Review=Sports Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Tour_of_Scotland=World Tour of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Women=Dangerous Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Prince_Valiant=The Legend of Prince Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Your_Service-Star_Power=At Your Service-Star Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahay_Mo_Ba_'To=Bahay Mo Ba 'To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitoy's_Funniest_Videos=Bitoy's Funniest Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Di_Do_Du=Daddy Di Do Du
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Siete=Daisy Siete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debate_with_Mare_at_Pare=Debate with Mare at Pare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP:_To_The_Highest_Level_Na!=HP: To The Highest Level Na!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_Ko_si_Kap=Idol Ko si Kap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_to_Love_(TV_series)=Love to Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choudenshi_Bioman=Choudenshi Bioman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sir_Lancelot=The Adventures of Sir Lancelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Telephone_Numbers=Talking Telephone Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_(TV_series)=Kaleidoscope (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinwright's_Progress=Pinwright's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Rogers_in_the_25th_Century_(TV_series)=Buck Rogers in the 25th Century (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Life=In the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Bassett:_Manager=Mike Bassett: Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Have_Mercy!=Lord Have Mercy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_on_CBS=Major League Baseball on CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Duper_Sumos=Super Duper Sumos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Gloom=Ruby Gloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_an_Animal=I Am Not an Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temporarily_Yours=Temporarily Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atom_Ant/Secret_Squirrel_Show=The Atom Ant/Secret Squirrel Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein,_Jr._and_The_Impossibles=Frankenstein, Jr. and The Impossibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyside_Farm=Sunnyside Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynotes_(game_show)=Keynotes (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Theroux's_Weird_Weekends=Louis Theroux's Weird Weekends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Pictures_(TV_series)=Moving Pictures (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3-2-1_Penguins!=3-2-1 Penguins!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Court=Science Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_of_Us=All of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underdog_Show=The Underdog Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seputar_Indonesia=Seputar Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghch-e-Simsim=Baghch-e-Simsim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Snow=Summer Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intergalactic_Kitchen=Intergalactic Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Alex=Judge Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_Court=Divorce Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golaya_Pravda=Golaya Pravda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choushinsei_Flashman=Choushinsei Flashman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstar_(TV_series)=Blackstar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_the_Real_Jerry_Lewis_Please_Sit_Down=Will the Real Jerry Lewis Please Sit Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Lives_of_Waldo_Kitty=The Secret Lives of Waldo Kitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_City=River City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buletin_Malam=Buletin Malam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meego_(TV_series)=Meego (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyojuu_Tokusou_Juspion=Kyojuu Tokusou Juspion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ark_II=Ark II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Who,_What,_or_Where_Game=The Who, What, or Where Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_on_NBC=Major League Baseball on NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_Hawk=A Man Called Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Stalker_(TV_series)=Night Stalker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tonight_Show_Starring_Johnny_Carson=The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Tomorrow=The New Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquila_(TV_series)=Aquila (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Thoughts_(TV_series)=Second Thoughts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_Mechanics_for_Kids=Popular Mechanics for Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock,_Stock...=Lock, Stock...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choujuu_Sentai_Liveman=Choujuu Sentai Liveman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Blitzer_Reports=Wolf Blitzer Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McBride_(film_series)=McBride (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Politics=Inside Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philly_(TV_series)=Philly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_(TV_series)=Barbara (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Super_Sweet_16=My Super Sweet 16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yacht_Rock=Yacht Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Bonnie=Life with Bonnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer's_Best=Summer's Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWEAT_(TV_series)=SWEAT (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrainBounce!=BrainBounce!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Bet_You_Will=I Bet You Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_for_Five=Dinner for Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ink_(TV_series)=Ink (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sharon_Osbourne_Show=The Sharon Osbourne Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_with_Tom_Brokaw_and_Katie_Couric=Now with Tom Brokaw and Katie Couric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasadena_(TV_series)=Pasadena (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Ed=Get Ed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movies,_Games_and_Videos=Movies, Games and Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Legal=Just Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Precinct=Animal Precinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Caquitos=Los Caquitos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filthy_Rich:_Cattle_Drive=Filthy Rich: Cattle Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanpour=Amanpour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hippies_(TV_series)=Hippies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_'76=Class of '76
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_After_Jo_Jo=Looking After Jo Jo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pig_and_Whistle=The Pig and Whistle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckwild_(TV_series)=Buckwild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bracken's_World=Bracken's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storefront_Lawyers=Storefront Lawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campion_(TV_series)=Campion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted:_Dead_or_Alive_(TV_series)=Wanted: Dead or Alive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamingo_Fortune=Flamingo Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouvelle_Star=Nouvelle Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_Block=Mental Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(TV_series)=Wanted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_Nowhere=South of Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahaani_Ghar_Ghar_Kii=Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromwell_in_Ireland=Cromwell in Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samurai_(TV_series)=The Samurai (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pain_Clinic=Pain Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Pays_to_Be_Ignorant=It Pays to Be Ignorant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoons_(TV_series)=Spoons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facelift_(TV_series)=Facelift (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Letter,_Mr._Jones=Take a Letter, Mr. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dean_Martin_Comedy_World=The Dean Martin Comedy World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Made_Simple=Life Made Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeadLand=HeadLand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lenny_Henry_Show=The Lenny Henry Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Water_High=Blue Water High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirrorball_(TV_pilot)=Mirrorball (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_and_the_Backyard_Gang=Barney and the Backyard Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lush_Life_(TV_series)=Lush Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechannibals=Mechannibals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Now=What Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togetherness_(TV_series)=Togetherness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_(TV_series)=Vincent (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Inc._(TV_series)=Love, Inc. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Worst_Driver_(season_1)=Canada's Worst Driver (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2005=Star Awards 2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armando_Iannucci_Shows=The Armando Iannucci Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shasta_McNasty=Shasta McNasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_(TV_series)=Cops (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Confidential=Ryan Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Crossing=King's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/But_Can_They_Sing%3F=But Can They Sing?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Miss_Bliss=Good Morning, Miss Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apna_Hi_Ghar_Samajhiye=Apna Hi Ghar Samajhiye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_to_1=20 to 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Common_(TV_series)=Boston Common (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relativity_(TV_series)=Relativity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squidbillies=Squidbillies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Glitters_(TV_series)=All That Glitters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_It's_Made=How It's Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Popeye_Show=The Popeye Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shang-a-Lang_(TV_series)=Shang-a-Lang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Game=The World Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_911=Food 911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Croce:_Moving_In=Pat Croce: Moving In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_a_Four_Letter_Word_(TV_series)=Love Is a Four Letter Word (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Love=Big Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Dancing=Strictly Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denkou_Choujin_Gridman=Denkou Choujin Gridman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Spell=Star Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperdrive_(TV_series)=Hyperdrive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sponk!=Sponk!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Politics=Daily Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand's_Top_100_History_Makers=New Zealand's Top 100 History Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Monsters_(TV_series)=Sea Monsters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Hawk=Street Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparks_(TV_series)=Sparks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Cosbys=House of Cosbys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_All_Night=Out All Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thea_(TV_series)=Thea (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graham_Kennedy_Show=The Graham Kennedy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surgeon=The Surgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_(TV_series)=Blessed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Hatchett=Judge Hatchett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhunt_(1969_TV_series)=Manhunt (1969 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_Positive_(TV_series)=Proof Positive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_Gurukul=Fame Gurukul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_A_Real_American_Hero_(1985_TV_series)=G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opposite_Sex_(TV_series)=Opposite Sex (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzilla_Island=Godzilla Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_James=Citizen James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_U.F.O.=Project U.F.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Thin_Air_(TV_series)=Into Thin Air (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Island_(TV_series)=Adventure Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Showbiz_Show_with_David_Spade=The Showbiz Show with David Spade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Rockin'_Tonite=Good Rockin' Tonite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Souls=Sea of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Save-Ums=The Save-Ums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_Fred's_Fruit_Salad_Island=Coconut Fred's Fruit Salad Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Academic_(Australian_game_show)=It's Academic (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalong=Nalong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigas_y_rivales=Amigas y rivales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endurance_(TV_series)=Endurance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Planet_Six_Degrees=Lonely Planet Six Degrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees=Six Degrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardware_(TV_series)=Hardware (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendy_Williams_Experience=The Wendy Williams Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1984_TV_series)=Sherlock Holmes (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_for_Dinner%3F=What's for Dinner?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_America=Invasion America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moccasin_Flats=Moccasin Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Holigan's_Your_New_House=Michael Holigan's Your New House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hill's_TV_Burp=Harry Hill's TV Burp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_McBoing-Boing_(TV_series)=Gerald McBoing-Boing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Side/West_Side=East Side/West Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Go_Stop=Go Go Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Friends=Best of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare:_The_Animated_Tales=Shakespeare: The Animated Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Britain_(TV_series)=A History of Britain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heads_Up_with_Richard_Herring=Heads Up with Richard Herring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Mars_(UK_TV_series)=Life on Mars (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_Night_Live=Poker Night Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Star_Voyager=Earth Star Voyager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOP_Gigsters=SOP Gigsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Film=My Life in Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Office_(UK_TV_series)=The Office (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Office_(U.S._TV_series)=The Office (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(season_1)=The Biggest Loser (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(season_2)=The Biggest Loser (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adam_Carolla_Project=The Adam Carolla Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_High=USA High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Northern_Mindanao=TV Patrol Northern Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needles_and_Pins_(TV_series)=Needles and Pins (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Bonanza=Cash Bonanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Life_(TV_series)=City Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_(TV_series)=Mars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Tamang_Daan=Ang Tamang Daan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Entertainment_(Canada)=Inside Entertainment (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Man_(TV_series)=Iron Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nada_personal_(TV_series)=Nada personal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azul_Tequila=Azul Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gordo_y_la_Flaca=El Gordo y la Flaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirada_de_Mujer_(telenovela)=Mirada de Mujer (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Go=Fair Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Diary_of_Desmond_Pfeiffer=The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencil_Box=Pencil Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magandang_Tanghali_Bayan=Magandang Tanghali Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Today=South Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Panay=TV Patrol Panay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoa_Presents:_One_Step_Beyond=Alcoa Presents: One Step Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_News_at_Six=BBC News at Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Joe_Brown=Judge Joe Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Palisades_(TV_series)=Pacific Palisades (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Cut_(TV_serial)=The Final Cut (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Play_the_King=To Play the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booze_Britain=Booze Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationwide_(Irish_TV_series)=Nationwide (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Our_Yesterdays_(TV_series)=All Our Yesterdays (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Properties_(sitcom)=Hot Properties (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Worst_Driver=Britain's Worst Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Instinct_(TV_series)=Killer Instinct (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X's=The X's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_&_Mike's_Excellent_X-Canada_Adventures=Mike & Mike's Excellent X-Canada Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Test=Johnny Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong:_The_Animated_Series=Kong: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run's_House=Run's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_On=Party On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Hyperman=The Adventures of Hyperman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Street_(TV_show)=Liberty Street (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugarfoot=Sugarfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roush_Racing:_Driver_X=Roush Racing: Driver X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Arms_of_Mine_(TV_series)=These Arms of Mine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_&_Co.=Charlie & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica_(1978_TV_series)=Battlestar Galactica (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoops_Baghdad=Whoops Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolka_Row=Tolka Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Patrol:_Adventures_in_the_Dream_Zone=Midnight Patrol: Adventures in the Dream Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Booty=Car Booty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pororo_the_Little_Penguin=Pororo the Little Penguin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Homes_and_Gardens_(TV_series)=Better Homes and Gardens (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Chuck_and_Lil'_John=Big Chuck and Lil' John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Father_(U.S._TV_series)=Bachelor Father (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_on_One_(TV_series)=One on One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unter_Uns=Unter Uns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Crossing=Gideon's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alam_Simsim=Alam Simsim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldo_at_Large=Geraldo at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She-Wolf_of_London=She-Wolf of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blizzard_of_Odd=The Blizzard of Odd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstar_Kids=Popstar Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Breakfast=BBC Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post_Cognitive=The Post Cognitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person_to_Person=Person to Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_News_Tonight_(UK_TV_series)=World News Tonight (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Five_(Sky_News_programme)=Live at Five (Sky News programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_(1974_TV_series)=The Family (1974 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Guardian_Abby=My Guardian Abby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Canadian=Absolutely Canadian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_V_(TV_series)=Holland V (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_(BBC_TV_series)=Raven (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_City_Blues=Bay City Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestars_(game_show)=Battlestars (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Babies=Mega Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ellen_Show=The Ellen Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaire_(TV_series)=The Millionaire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Princess=My Fair Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Cover_(TV_series)=Under Cover (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2004=Star Awards 2004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2003=Star Awards 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_1998=Star Awards 1998
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Forward=Flash Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PM_Magazine=PM Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton_Airport_(TV_series)=Luton Airport (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_Part_One=End of Part One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robotboy=Robotboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Related=Related
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Unit_2=Special Unit 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_to_Real_(U.S._TV_series)=Reel to Real (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_(TV_series)=Masquerade (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Log=Navy Log
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Wars_(TV_series)=Civil Wars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Detective=House Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Jones,_Space_Ranger=Rocky Jones, Space Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_School_(TV_series)=Knight School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_on_ABC=Major League Baseball on ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Our_History=Save Our History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gentle_Crackdown=The Gentle Crackdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNICK=SNICK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sassy_Girl_Chun-hyang=Sassy Girl Chun-hyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelaide_Tonight=Adelaide Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Klokhuis=Het Klokhuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Mario_Bros._Super_Show!=The Super Mario Bros. Super Show!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marker_(TV_series)=Marker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_a_Family=All in a Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neverending_Story_(TV_series)=The Neverending Story (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Neverending_Story=Tales from the Neverending Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_House=Frontier House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulman=Bulman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodentop_(The_Bill)=Woodentop (The Bill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Life=Another Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSNBC_Live=MSNBC Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Hour_(talk_show)=The Magic Hour (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strangerers=The Strangerers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zoo_Gang=The Zoo Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rina_(telenovela)=Rina (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tracy_Morgan_Show=The Tracy Morgan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunday_Roast=The Sunday Roast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_About_(game_show)=Talk About (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobinogs=Bobinogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_Films=Sapphire Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaun_Banega_Crorepati=Kaun Banega Crorepati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanks_(TV_series)=Thanks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter_to_Houston=Cutter to Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_and_Miller_(TV_series)=Armstrong and Miller (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonovision=Jonovision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalinda_(telenovela)=Rosalinda (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutting_It=Cutting It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PB&J_Otter=PB&J Otter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratz_(TV_series)=Bratz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craft_Corner_Deathmatch=Craft Corner Deathmatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventurer_(TV_series)=The Adventurer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo_(TV_series)=The Count of Monte Cristo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lame_Ducks_(TV_series)=Lame Ducks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_of_Isis=The Secrets of Isis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_O'Keefes=The O'Keefes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_a_Stick=Life on a Stick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Awakening_(TV_series)=Rude Awakening (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Presents=CNN Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_Gupta_MD=Sanjay Gupta MD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footballers'_Wives:_Extra_Time=Footballers' Wives: Extra Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Inside=Step Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Rookie=Super Rookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Ink=Miami Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_60_on_the_Sunset_Strip=Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Larry=Hello, Larry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_(TV_series)=Miracles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoppit_and_Tidyup=Stoppit and Tidyup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goode_Behavior=Goode Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Kicks_(TV_series)=Just for Kicks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman_and_Baddiel_in_Pieces=Newman and Baddiel in Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_S_and_M_Comic_Book=The S and M Comic Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnomes_of_Dulwich=The Gnomes of Dulwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man_(Toei_TV_series)=Spider-Man (Toei TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraforce=Ultraforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Lady_(2003_TV_series)=My Fair Lady (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grapevine_(TV_series)=Grapevine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovers_(TV_series)=The Lovers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Oracle=Dark Oracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Rhino_Junior_High=Flying Rhino Junior High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prank_Patrol_(Canadian_TV_series)=Prank Patrol (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_(TV_series)=The Wizard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_It_Rich_(1986_game_show)=Strike It Rich (1986 game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanhaiyaan=Tanhaiyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop:_The_Series=RoboCop: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irish_R.M.=The Irish R.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(2005_TV_series)=Only You (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_Sport=Pulp Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeks_on_the_Roof=Greeks on the Roof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salut_D'Amour_(TV_series)=Salut D'Amour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Central_(TV_series)=South Central (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headline_Chasers=Headline Chasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woops!=Woops!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Magazine=Evening Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGG,_the_Arts_Show=EGG, the Arts Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocoyo=Pocoyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_House_(2005_TV_serial)=Bleak House (2005 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Words=After Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_Comedy=Kings of Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayne_Manifesto=The Wayne Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Park=Animal Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phred_on_Your_Head_Show=Phred on Your Head Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andrew_Marr_Show=The Andrew Marr Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northland's_NewsCenter=Northland's NewsCenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeopardy_(TV_series)=Jeopardy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekret_Uspekha=Sekret Uspekha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatski_Idol=Hrvatski Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_(Danish_TV_series)=Idols (Danish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Emergency_(TV_series)=Medical Emergency (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_(Serbian-Montenegrin_and_Macedonian_TV_series)=Idol (Serbian-Montenegrin and Macedonian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Houston=Matt Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_(Danish_TV_series)=Matador (Danish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Look_North_(Yorkshire_and_North_Midlands)=BBC Look North (Yorkshire and North Midlands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Security:_Australia's_Front_Line=Border Security: Australia's Front Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_(TV_series)=Christy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeper_Cell_(TV_series)=Sleeper Cell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shop_'til_You_Drop=Shop 'til You Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Horror=Masters of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IT_Crowd=The IT Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattooed_Teenage_Alien_Fighters_from_Beverly_Hills=Tattooed Teenage Alien Fighters from Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_City_(TV_series)=Naked City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Fly_Away_(TV_series)=I'll Fly Away (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuts_and_Bolts_(TV_series)=Nuts and Bolts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America:_Growth_of_a_Continent=North America: Growth of a Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada:_The_Great_Experiment=Canada: The Great Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_of_Geometry=Landscape of Geometry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_Alliance_(TV_series)=The Science Alliance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinpachi-sensei=Kinpachi-sensei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_and_Sea=Land and Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ideas_(TV_series)=Big Ideas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_Britain_Stopped=The Day Britain Stopped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heads_Up!_(TV_series)=Heads Up! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Write_On_(TV_series)=Write On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoops_(1989_TV_series)=Snoops (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Worst_Driver=World's Worst Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesars_Challenge=Caesars Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DaySide=DaySide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Look_North_(North_East_and_Cumbria)=BBC Look North (North East and Cumbria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Wales_Today=BBC Wales Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Points_West=BBC Points West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotlight_(BBC_News)=Spotlight (BBC News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_Seconds=60 Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toonsylvania=Toonsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Must_Be_Traded,_Charlie_Brown=Lucy Must Be Traded, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Pan_Tae=Fan Pan Tae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punk_Show=The Punk Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_911=Much 911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spuiten_en_Slikken=Spuiten en Slikken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Avengers_(TV_series)=The New Avengers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_(MuchMusic)=Countdown (MuchMusic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_Cold_Blood=Life in Cold Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boo_Boo_Runs_Wild=Boo Boo Runs Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_the_Life_of_Ranger_Smith=A Day in the Life of Ranger Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedications_(MuchMusic)=Dedications (MuchMusic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingerbobs=Fingerbobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotlight_(BBC_Northern_Ireland_TV_programme)=Spotlight (BBC Northern Ireland TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2005=American Music Awards of 2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_the_Little_Red_Fox=Pablo the Little Red Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Forsyth's_Hot_Streak=Bruce Forsyth's Hot Streak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karen_Dunbar_Show=The Karen Dunbar Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_USA=Gay USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels_(miniseries)=Gulliver's Travels (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Live!=Lily Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fully_Booked=Fully Booked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Brothers=Between Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misadventures_of_Sheriff_Lobo=The Misadventures of Sheriff Lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piano_(TV_series)=Piano (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraft_Television_Theatre=Kraft Television Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_from_the_Book_of_Virtues=Adventures from the Book of Virtues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammertime=Hammertime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Camera=Naked Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alejo_&_Valentina=Alejo & Valentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(Sky_News)=Sunrise (Sky News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumbs=Crumbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posh_Nosh=Posh Nosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automaniac=Automaniac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerobics_Oz_Style=Aerobics Oz Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby,_I'm_Back=Baby, I'm Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor_(TV_series)=Sailor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystala=Krystala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fandemonium_(TV_series)=Fandemonium (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotlight_(TV_series)=Spotlight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movin'_On_(TV_series)=Movin' On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_5=Gimme 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosswits=Crosswits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House_(2004_TV_series)=Full House (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Brumby=The Silver Brumby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_U_the_Girl=R U the Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MuchTopTens=MuchTopTens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_Latifah_Show=The Queen Latifah Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_&_Dry_(TV_series)=High & Dry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagaku_Sentai_Dynaman=Kagaku Sentai Dynaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Challenge=Sports Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposed_(MuchMusic_series)=Exposed (MuchMusic series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Big_Big_World=It's a Big Big World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hit_Wonders_(TV_series)=One Hit Wonders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Being_Served%3F_(Australian_TV_series)=Are You Being Served? (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_and_Interactive=Intimate and Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PunchMuch_(TV_series)=PunchMuch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_30=Take 30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tout_le_monde_en_parle=Tout le monde en parle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_the_Lion_Rock=Below the Lion Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moral_Court=Moral Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctors'_Hospital=Doctors' Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Kong_Show=The King Kong Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeding_Frenzy_(TV_series)=Feeding Frenzy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_(2001_TV_series)=Stanley (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_World_(TV_series)=Man of the World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentimental_Agent=The Sentimental Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Housewife=Bad Housewife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills=The Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Bulaga!=Eat Bulaga!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Correspondent_(TV_series)=Foreign Correspondent (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor's_Law=Survivor's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solstrom=Solstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Turtles:_The_Next_Mutation=Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Des_O'Connor_Show=The Des O'Connor Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawhide_(TV_series)=Rawhide (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Angels_(2000_TV_series)=City of Angels (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_Star_Wars=The Making of Star Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyland=Skyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_Rangers=The Forest Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Spell=Hard Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gale_Storm_Show=The Gale Storm Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Princess_(1986_miniseries)=A Little Princess (1986 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkeye_and_the_Last_of_the_Mohicans=Hawkeye and the Last of the Mohicans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerfield_(TV_series)=Dangerfield (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow!_Wow!_Wubbzy!=Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_Freedom=Sword of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Charlie_Chan=The New Adventures of Charlie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Confidential_(TV_series)=New York Confidential (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_Dora=I Married Dora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Racers=NASCAR Racers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Performances=Great Performances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Doctor_(1989_TV_series)=Doctor Doctor (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Femme_Nikita=La Femme Nikita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brush_Strokes=Brush Strokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabitha_(TV_series)=Tabitha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aswamedham=Aswamedham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Gidget=The New Gidget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bradys=The Bradys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoGo_Sentai_Boukenger=GoGo Sentai Boukenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2004=American Music Awards of 2004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_All_About_It!=Read All About It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Footy=Talking Footy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_the_Vampire=Mona the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Soup=Celebrity Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Why=Wonder Why
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distraction_(game_show)=Distraction (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUDO-Q=SUDO-Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grim_&_Evil=Grim & Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faerie_Tale_Theatre=Faerie Tale Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moral_Orel=Moral Orel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korgoth_of_Barbaria=Korgoth of Barbaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Feed_the_Gondolas=Don't Feed the Gondolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_WorldWide=WCW WorldWide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(TV_series)=Holiday (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_F***ing_Fulfords=The F***ing Fulfords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Haunt_Me=So Haunt Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Cadets_(game_show)=Space Cadets (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Hill=King of the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake,_Rattle,_and_Roll=Wake, Rattle, and Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriller_(UK_TV_series)=Thriller (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alborada_(telenovela)=Alborada (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grimleys=The Grimleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_by_the_Bell:_The_New_Class=Saved by the Bell: The New Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higglytown_Heroes=Higglytown Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marvel_Super_Heroes=The Marvel Super Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Bourdain:_No_Reservations=Anthony Bourdain: No Reservations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_House_(1985_TV_serial)=Bleak House (1985 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrigan_(TV_series)=Harrigan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saturday_Show_(ITV_TV_series)=The Saturday Show (ITV TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_with_Monsters=Walking with Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettu_betur=Gettu betur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...from_Hell=...from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xchange_(TV_series)=Xchange (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabhaye_Barareh=Shabhaye Barareh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV2_Hip_Hop=MTV2 Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_(UK_TV_series)=Help (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Don_Lane_Show=The Don Lane Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitor_(TV_series)=The Visitor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe_Extreme=G.I. Joe Extreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_Patrol=The Rat Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebelde_Way=Rebelde Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marketplace_(TV_series)=Marketplace (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excuse_My_French_(1974_TV_series)=Excuse My French (1974 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Hits_(Canadian_TV_series)=Video Hits (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Hits_(Australian_TV_series)=Video Hits (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(game_show)=Wanted (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adderly=Adderly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_at_10.30=ITV News at 10.30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Warriors=Skeleton Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Commanders=Sky Commanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCoy_(TV_series)=McCoy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_McCoy_(TV_series)=The Real McCoy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squirrel_Boy=Squirrel Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monitor_(NBC_Radio)=Monitor (NBC Radio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dakotas_(TV_series)=The Dakotas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No,_Honestly=No, Honestly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily's_Reasons_Why_Not=Emily's Reasons Why Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_the_Titans=Class of the Titans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_in_Tattertown=Christmas in Tattertown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(2000_TV_series)=Down to Earth (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_Exchange=Worldwide Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comic_Side_of_7_Days=The Comic Side of 7 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sightings_(TV_series)=Sightings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Crash_Dummies_(film)=The Incredible Crash Dummies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinnamarink_TV=Skinnamarink TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Designs=Grand Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutenstein=Tutenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAG_(TV_series)=DAG (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkstar=Turkstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_(2006_TV_series)=Conviction (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balitang_America=Balitang America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_One_(TV_series)=The Big One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert's_Family_Feud=Bert's Family Feud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Squad=Atom Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Leave_It_to_Beaver=The New Leave It to Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Daniel_(TV_series)=The Book of Daniel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasautii_Zindagii_Kay=Kasautii Zindagii Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_and_Marty=Spin and Marty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepping_Out_(Chinese_TV_series)=Stepping Out (Chinese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Our_Control=Beyond Our Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courting_Alex=Courting Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Monkey=Love Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(U.S._TV_series)=Eureka (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abrams_Report=The Abrams Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Faces=All About Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filthy_Rich_(1982_TV_series)=Filthy Rich (1982 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legends_of_Treasure_Island=The Legends of Treasure Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamezville=Gamezville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Boy=Circus Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10_(TV_series)=Ben 10 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_on_CBS=NBA on CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Box_(TV_series)=Out of the Box (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Players_(G4_TV_series)=Players (G4 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedge_(Australian_TV_series)=The Wedge (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Gwenevere_and_the_Jewel_Riders=Princess Gwenevere and the Jewel Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More4_News=More4 News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infamous_John_Friend=The Infamous John Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unscripted=Unscripted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack's_Big_Music_Show=Jack's Big Music Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Acts_of_Comedy=Random Acts of Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MotorSport_Ranch=MotorSport Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Traffic=Sex Traffic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Love_&_Secrets=Sex, Love & Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_(TV_miniseries)=Thief (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mujer_en_el_espejo=La mujer en el espejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Einsteins=Little Einsteins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Night_in_America=Football Night in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Tracks=Night Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_(TV_series)=Ideal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Gym_Partner's_a_Monkey=My Gym Partner's a Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Rocks=Nick Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Maverick=The New Maverick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_Strip=Cimarron Strip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainan_Kopi_Tales=Hainan Kopi Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollz=Trollz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Life_(TV_series)=A New Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(1996_TV_series)=First Love (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Illusions=Beautiful Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_the_One_(Singaporean_TV_series)=You Are the One (Singaporean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfly_(TV_series)=Blackfly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Showtime=Junior Showtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_19_Year_Old_Sister-in-Law=My 19 Year Old Sister-in-Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Cops:_Detroit=Animal Cops: Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squawk_on_the_Street=Squawk on the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Blues_(Singapore_TV_series)=Baby Blues (Singapore TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_These_Roots=From These Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfside_6=Surfside 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late,_Late_Breakfast_Show=The Late, Late Breakfast Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavarchin=Pavarchin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplaneski!=Airplaneski!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zixx=Zixx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_for_an_Eye_(TV_series)=Eye for an Eye (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_Unlimited=Vengeance Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Connolly's_World_Tour_of_Australia=Billy Connolly's World Tour of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Cook,_Won't_Cook=Can't Cook, Won't Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saksi=Saksi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishing_with_John=Fishing with John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_(1955_TV_series)=Cheyenne (1955 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Religions_(TV_series)=World Religions (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Kings=Four Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddio=Daddio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.I.T.C.H._(TV_series)=W.I.T.C.H. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Bridge_(TV_series)=Brooklyn Bridge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Videos=Friday Night Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerkenwell_Films=Clerkenwell Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juukou_B-Fighter=Juukou B-Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Roseanne_Show=The Real Roseanne Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northanger_Abbey_(1986_film)=Northanger Abbey (1986 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Justice=In Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_URL_with_Phred_Show=The URL with Phred Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clapperboard_(TV_series)=Clapperboard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_Group=The Book Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Roger=Roger Roger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundhouse_(TV_series)=Roundhouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_&_Friends=Fox & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCTV_New_Year's_Gala=CCTV New Year's Gala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Game_(TV_series)=The Name of the Game (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_on_Fox=NHL on Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica_(2004_TV_series)=Battlestar Galactica (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hill's_Shark_Infested_Custard=Harry Hill's Shark Infested Custard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Test_Danny=Crash Test Danny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_School=The Emperor's New School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Sunday_Night_Football=NBC Sunday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ronnie_Johns_Half_Hour=The Ronnie Johns Half Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curiosity_Show=The Curiosity Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_on_Ice=Dancing on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Periods_with_Mr_Gormsby=Seven Periods with Mr Gormsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Panel_(Irish_TV_series)=The Panel (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_Mall=Strip Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glo_Friends=The Glo Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_on_NBC=NHL on NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Down_Comedy_with_David_Steinberg=Sit Down Comedy with David Steinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Space_for_Rent=This Space for Rent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skating_with_Celebrities=Skating with Celebrities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titans_(U.S._TV_series)=Titans (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Lucky=Stay Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Captor=Ninja Captor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Peace_(1972_TV_series)=War and Peace (1972 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontpage:_Ulat_ni_Mel_Tiangco=Frontpage: Ulat ni Mel Tiangco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywatch_the_Movie:_Forbidden_Paradise=Baywatch the Movie: Forbidden Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_R=Code R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watatatow=Watatatow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_X=Kamen Rider X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_a...=There Goes a...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson's_Column_(TV_series)=Nelson's Column (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_UXB=Danger UXB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_&_Ten_(HBO_TV_series)=1st & Ten (HBO TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4's_Training_Camp=G4's Training Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Woman_(TV_series)=Police Woman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Head_(TV_series)=Dead Head (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_Minutes_II=60 Minutes II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raptor_Island=Raptor Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savannah_(TV_series)=Savannah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Report=Saturday Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Destiny=War and Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPA_(TV_series)=RPA (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Fringe=On the Fringe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Disney=Saturday Disney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Date_(U.S._TV_series)=Blind Date (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Date_(UK_game_show)=Blind Date (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(Australian_game_show)=Deal or No Deal (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clueless_(TV_series)=Clueless (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Root_of_All_Evil%3F=The Root of All Evil?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildfire_(TV_series)=Wildfire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Beach=Falcon Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Timmy_the_Tooth=The Adventures of Timmy the Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Real_(U.S._TV_series)=Get Real (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_World=Games World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.I.P._H.O.P.=H.I.P. H.O.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairies=The Fairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayor_of_the_Town=Mayor of the Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_Ladies=Campus Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flash_(1990_TV_series)=The Flash (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotsa_Luck=Lotsa Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnibus_(UK_TV_series)=Omnibus (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_4_Much=Too Much 4 Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Limits_(TV_series)=City Limits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_People_(U.S._TV_series)=Beautiful People (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roar_(TV_series)=Roar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernova_(TV_series)=Supernova (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Beach_(2006_TV_series)=South Beach (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokhav_Nolad=Kokhav Nolad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koffee_with_Karan=Koffee with Karan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_to_Real_(Canadian_TV_series)=Reel to Real (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_(1983_miniseries)=The Citadel (1983 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Current=Google Current
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dengeki_Sentai_Changeman=Dengeki Sentai Changeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bougon=Les Bougon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bette_(TV_series)=Bette (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four_(1967_TV_series)=Fantastic Four (1967 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Fantastic_Four=The New Fantastic Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four_(1994_TV_series)=Fantastic Four (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Frank=Totally Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Train_(TV_series)=The Last Train (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.A.K.Q._Dengekitai=J.A.K.Q. Dengekitai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollergirls=Rollergirls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Narnia_(TV_serial)=The Chronicles of Narnia (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roboroach=Roboroach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livewire_(talk_show)=Livewire (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_Ko_Lang=Wish Ko Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Ray's_Tasty_Travels=Rachael Ray's Tasty Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(Australian_TV_series)=Dancing with the Stars (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(UK_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire_(U.S._game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baskervilles=The Baskervilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Meaty=Mr. Meaty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_and_Crocodiles=Friends and Crocodiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ComicView=ComicView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Urban_Peasant=The Urban Peasant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavor_of_Love=Flavor of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_&_Back=There & Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Jim=Lunar Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipwrecked_(TV_series)=Shipwrecked (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connections_(game_show)=Connections (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_the_Sheep=Shaun the Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Readalong=Readalong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Report_Canada=Report Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Montana=Hannah Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagata_Pasifika=Tagata Pasifika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Zeppos=Captain Zeppos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madabout=Madabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_Gardener=The City Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Could_Happen_Tomorrow=It Could Happen Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Science_(TV_series)=Weird Science (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hammond's_5_O'Clock_Show=Richard Hammond's 5 O'Clock Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD_USA=CD USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Breakdown=Commercial Breakdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurosong_(Belgium)=Eurosong (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mobile_Cop_Jiban=The Mobile Cop Jiban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Dolls=Living Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Churchills=The First Churchills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandie_Shaw_Supplement=The Sandie Shaw Supplement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Love_(TV_series)=For Your Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(UK_game_show)=Deal or No Deal (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Glory_(TV_programme)=Morning Glory (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KVN=KVN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Camera_Action!=Police Camera Action!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Stop!=Police Stop!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoho_Ahoy=Yoho Ahoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_Take_All_(game_show)=Winner Take All (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barking!=Barking!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Name:_Eternity=Code Name: Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_(TV_series)=The Master (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(U.S._game_show)=Deal or No Deal (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Focus=Football Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_on_Q=News on Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balitanghali=Balitanghali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransGeneration=TransGeneration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Jupiter=Johnny Jupiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_Chairs_(1975_TV_series)=Musical Chairs (1975 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MuscleCar=MuscleCar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ElimiDate=ElimiDate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5_Mrs._Buchanans=The 5 Mrs. Buchanans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blazing_Dragons=Blazing Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.T.O.M.=A.T.O.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couples_Therapy_(TV_series)=Couples Therapy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_Critters=Capitol Critters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Village=Video Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today's_the_Day_(game_show)=Today's the Day (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodeo_Drive_(game_show)=Rodeo Drive (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dotch_Cooking_Show=Dotch Cooking Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Muslims=Gay Muslims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_House_(TV_series)=Open House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_House_(1964_TV_series)=Open House (1964 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.A.R.T.H._Force=E.A.R.T.H. Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Scrabble=TV Scrabble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_1_Single=Number 1 Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Files_of_the_Spy_Dogs=The Secret Files of the Spy Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thicke_of_the_Night=Thicke of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymn_Sing=Hymn Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tortellis=The Tortellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Buck_(U.S._game_show)=Pass the Buck (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_(2003_TV_series)=The Family (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watcher_(TV_series)=The Watcher (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y%3F=Y?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Jeopardy!=Rock & Roll Jeopardy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jep!=Jep!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dustbinmen=The Dustbinmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Games=Friday Night Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadliest_Catch=Deadliest Catch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edison_Twins=The Edison Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice,_I_Think_(TV_series)=Alice, I Think (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Ltd.=Jeff Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixing_Dinner=Fixing Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damo_(TV_series)=Damo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(Australian_TV_series)=The Biggest Loser (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_Real=Amor Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Science=Solar Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unit=The Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoriteam=Minoriteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dresden_Files_(TV_series)=The Dresden Files (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smell_of_Reeves_and_Mortimer=The Smell of Reeves and Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essence_of_Emeril=Essence of Emeril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalkers_(TV_series)=Sleepwalkers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_Unyil=Si Unyil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_(TV_series)=Saved (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_the_Shark=Kenny the Shark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baseball_Network=The Baseball Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettina_S.=Bettina S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt's_Watchdogs=Wyatt's Watchdogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruiser_(TV_series)=Bruiser (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_2000_Today=ABC 2000 Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Junk_20=Web Junk 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alive!_(TV_series)=It's Alive! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore!_Encore!=Encore! Encore!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_David_Pakman_Show=The David Pakman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heist_(TV_series)=Heist (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lineup_(TV_program)=The Lineup (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_(TV_series)=Lewis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Frills_(TV_series)=No Frills (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure_Cooker_(game_show)=Pressure Cooker (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_of_Terror=Trilogy of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smoggies=The Smoggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Football_Fone-in=Fox Football Fone-in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppy_Bowl=Puppy Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_(1976_TV_series)=Let's Go (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_King_Detective=Rocky King Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Union_fait_la_force_(game_show)=L'Union fait la force (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_&_Punishment=Crime & Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Galaxy_(TV_series)=Team Galaxy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnificent_Obsessions=Magnificent Obsessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8th_&_Ocean=8th & Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Clued_Up=All Clued Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubix=Cubix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Ronnies_Sketchbook=The Two Ronnies Sketchbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Connections=Comedy Connections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_&_Mandrilaftalen=Casper & Mandrilaftalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gray_Ghost_(TV_series)=The Gray Ghost (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loop_(U.S._TV_series)=The Loop (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow_Road_(TV_series)=The Crow Road (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcanzar_una_estrella=Alcanzar una estrella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Makers=Game Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal=The Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Next_Top_Model=Canada's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Treatment_(TV_series)=Shock Treatment (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akademi_Fantasia=Akademi Fantasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Huntress_(TV_series)=The Huntress (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On_Laughing=Carry On Laughing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongga!=Bongga!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Gothic_(TV_series)=Urban Gothic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homefront_(TV_series)=Homefront (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Nombre=El Nombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Whisperer_with_Cesar_Millan=Dog Whisperer with Cesar Millan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulls_&_Bears=Bulls & Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Break=Beyond the Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtreme_4x4=Xtreme 4x4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kwicky_Koala_Show=The Kwicky Koala Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runway_Moms=Runway Moms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Business_Report=World Business Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machair_(TV_series)=Machair (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(TV_series)=Shaft (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Reluctant_Werewolf=Scooby-Doo! and the Reluctant Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Moons_Over_Milford=Three Moons Over Milford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evidence_(TV_series)=The Evidence (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payne_(TV_series)=Payne (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Must_Be_The_Husband=You Must Be The Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Babylon=Hotel Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Today=Scotland Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Along_the_Watchtower_(TV_series)=All Along the Watchtower (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaShir_Shelanu=HaShir Shelanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Over=Do Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Surgeon_(UK_TV_series)=Police Surgeon (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicle_(TV_series)=The Chronicle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probe_(1988_TV_series)=Probe (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratsada=Ratsada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain_&_Ireland's_Next_Top_Model=Britain & Ireland's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracker_(TV_series)=Tracker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Point=Mercy Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_Dog_(TV_series)=My Life as a Dog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Connolly's_World_Tour_of_New_Zealand=Billy Connolly's World Tour of New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu:_The_Movie=Kung Fu: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu:_The_Next_Generation=Kung Fu: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu:_The_Legend_Continues=Kung Fu: The Legend Continues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_Graham_Norton=V Graham Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Single_Guy=The Single Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(2006_TV_series)=Robin Hood (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Butler=Captain Butler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bureau=Le Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricochet_Rabbit_&_Droop-a-Long=Ricochet Rabbit & Droop-a-Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang,_Bang,_It's_Reeves_and_Mortimer=Bang, Bang, It's Reeves and Mortimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Time_Around_(TV_series)=Second Time Around (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Lens=Independent Lens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawatay_Kids_TV=Wawatay Kids TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Karere=Te Karere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Trumpet=Time Trumpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Know_Your_Sport=Know Your Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Food_(TV_series)=Soul Food (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Earth_(TV_series)=Planet Earth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unexplained_Canada=Unexplained Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathroom_Divas=Bathroom Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ABCs_of_Rock=The ABCs of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Stories_of_the_Highway_Patrol=Real Stories of the Highway Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrestling_Society_X=Wrestling Society X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Gold_(TV_series)=Band of Gold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrolheads=Petrolheads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahtzee_(game_show)=Yahtzee (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Business_(TV_series)=Funny Business (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corners_(TV_series)=Corners (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tous_Contre_Un=Tous Contre Un
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_the_Planet=State of the Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(2005_TV_series)=Empire (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33_Brompton_Place=33 Brompton Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_on_Fox=NASCAR on Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Idol=Philippine Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Twice_(game_show)=Think Twice (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teachers_(U.S._TV_series)=Teachers (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chalk=Charlie Chalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changes_(TV_series)=The Changes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_and_Jim=Rosie and Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_on_NBC=NASCAR on NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan,_Lord_of_the_Jungle=Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Shock=Body Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOP_(Philippine_TV_series)=SOP (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Exchange_(U.S._TV_series)=Foreign Exchange (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tarzan/Lone_Ranger_Adventure_Hour=The Tarzan/Lone Ranger Adventure Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Batman/Tarzan_Adventure_Hour=The Batman/Tarzan Adventure Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(Australian_TV_series)=Face to Face (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huxley_Pig=Huxley Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_the_World=Men of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_(TV_series)=London (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Worlds,_Vanished_Lives=Lost Worlds, Vanished Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pa'_Que_Te_Lo_Goces=Pa' Que Te Lo Goces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Inventor=American Inventor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Further_Adventures_of_SuperTed=The Further Adventures of SuperTed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encantadia:_Pag-ibig_Hanggang_Wakas=Encantadia: Pag-ibig Hanggang Wakas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_&_Daughters_(U.S._TV_series)=Sons & Daughters (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_on_TNT=NBA on TNT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOS_Journaal=NOS Journaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappa_Mikey=Kappa Mikey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Rome_Is_Burning=Jim Rome Is Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bear_(TV_series)=Little Bear (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Sang_Linggo_nAPO_Sila='Sang Linggo nAPO Sila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Life_(TV_series)=Run for Your Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_the_Bend=Round the Bend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavuto_on_Business=Cavuto on Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Culture_Show=The Culture Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_on_Fox=Forbes on Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Hell_and_High_Water=Through Hell and High Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_with_a_Bang=Not with a Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_in_the_Wind=Laughing in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_What_You_Eat=You Are What You Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfrank!=Superfrank!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_Minutes_(Australian_TV_program)=60 Minutes (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_and_10_(ESPN_TV_series)=1st and 10 (ESPN TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cashin'_In=Cashin' In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercarrier_(TV_series)=Supercarrier (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiken_na_Aneki=Kiken na Aneki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Osbourne:_Adrenaline_Junkie=Jack Osbourne: Adrenaline Junkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Quest=Zoo Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edsel_Show=The Edsel Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H3O:_Ha_Ha_Ha_Over=H3O: Ha Ha Ha Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_As_Muck=Common As Muck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falklands_Play=The Falklands Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanna's_Cottage=Nanna's Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_SuperStar=Campus SuperStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegadepress.com=Renegadepress.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sitcom_Trials=The Sitcom Trials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Telethon=ITV Telethon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_of_the_Sea=Emperor of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo_(TV_series)=Garo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Jennings_Reporting=Peter Jennings Reporting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_Asia=The Amazing Race Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Shrinker=Dr. Shrinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_(TV_series)=Delta (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallant_Men=The Gallant Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_Live=Afternoon Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_the_Two_of_Us_(TV_series)=Just the Two of Us (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Confidential=City Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_360=Dance 360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandglass_(TV_series)=Sandglass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Mighty_Mouse_and_Heckle_&_Jeckle=The New Adventures of Mighty Mouse and Heckle & Jeckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToonHeads=ToonHeads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Test_Kitchen=America's Test Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armstrongs=The Armstrongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majika=Majika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Soul=Video Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cita's_World=Cita's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Summit=Teen Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back_Mrs._Noah=Come Back Mrs. Noah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Tugboat=Theodore Tugboat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3pm=3pm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander_USA's_Groovie_Movies=Commander USA's Groovie Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wackiest_Ship_in_the_Army_(TV_series)=The Wackiest Ship in the Army (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FashionTelevision=FashionTelevision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_in_the_Bush=Birds in the Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukha_(show)=Mukha (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossbow_(TV_series)=Crossbow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Views_On_News=Views On News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Francis_Drake_(TV_series)=Sir Francis Drake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boon_(TV_series)=Boon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digging_for_the_Truth=Digging for the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Say_Julie=Just Say Julie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orm_and_Cheep=Orm and Cheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Snowy_River_(TV_series)=The Man from Snowy River (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Circle_Club=Magic Circle Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Angels_(1976_TV_series)=City of Angels (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheel_of_Fortune_(Australian_game_show)=Wheel of Fortune (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Catwalk=Project Catwalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Kommissarin=Die Kommissarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_by_One_(TV_series)=One by One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperFetch_(TV_series)=SuperFetch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Spanner,_P.I.=Dick Spanner, P.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trashed_(game_show)=Trashed (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Stakes_(sitcom)=High Stakes (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Freaks_(TV_series)=Control Freaks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_to_Truth=Closer to Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Dodgers_(TV_series)=Duck Dodgers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Me_a_Story_with_Belle=Sing Me a Story with Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Adrenalini_Brothers=The Amazing Adrenalini Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Personal_Best=Monty Python's Personal Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_(TV_series)=Desire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_House=Fashion House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_(TV_series)=Curious George (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Way_to_the_War=Which Way to the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayday_(TV_series)=Mayday (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Hunters=Dragon Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Ride_(TV_series)=Free Ride (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_(TV_miniseries)=Hercules (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_the_Rainmaker=Chico the Rainmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buccaneer_(TV_series)=Buccaneer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef=Top Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gary_Coleman_Show=The Gary Coleman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_vidas=7 vidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Scott-Lee=Totally Scott-Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RapCity=RapCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Fifty_(comedy_show)=Fifty Fifty (comedy show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MegaStructures=MegaStructures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berenstain_Bears_(2003_TV_series)=The Berenstain Bears (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Flamingo=Captain Flamingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_West_Was_Won_(TV_series)=How the West Was Won (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_Show=The Pink Panther Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Monie!=Hey Monie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insider_(television_show)=Insider (television show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(TV_show)=Wanted (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Smith_(TV_series)=Mr. Smith (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desi_DNA=Desi DNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Fever_J=Battle Fever J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_Stories=Freaky Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_People=Puppet People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undeclared=Undeclared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_(TV_series)=Postcards (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_No,_It's_Selwyn_Froggitt!=Oh No, It's Selwyn Froggitt!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Chaparall=High Chaparall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gaffer_(TV_series)=The Gaffer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Sir!=Please Sir!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo_Meets_the_Boo_Brothers=Scooby-Doo Meets the Boo Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Generation_2=Transformers: Generation 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Angels_(TV_series)=No Angels (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_Younger_(UK)=10 Years Younger (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghosts_of_Motley_Hall=The Ghosts of Motley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Schools_Match_Wits=As Schools Match Wits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Hustler=Ultimate Hustler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hootenanny_(U.S._TV_series)=Hootenanny (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willing_and_Abel=Willing and Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafferty's_Rules=Rafferty's Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Hill_(TV_series)=College Hill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Dad=Uncle Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trauma:_Life_in_the_E.R.=Trauma: Life in the E.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumble_Bumble=Mumble Bumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Angel_(1997_TV_series)=Teen Angel (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Truth_(TV_series)=The Naked Truth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Hunt_(U.S._game_show)=Treasure Hunt (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderbug=Wonderbug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planets_(TV_miniseries)=The Planets (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Italian=Everyday Italian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navad=Navad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_7=Network 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verschollen=Verschollen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toopy_and_Binoo=Toopy and Binoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh_to_Laugh:_Ang_Kulit!=Laugh to Laugh: Ang Kulit!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Replacements_(TV_series)=The Replacements (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportsworld=Sportsworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(Australian_TV_series)=The Game (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B4_(TV_series)=B4 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jikuu_Senshi_Spielban=Jikuu Senshi Spielban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mina_and_the_Count=Mina and the Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathman=Mathman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re:covered=Re:covered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerade_Party=Masquerade Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutherland's_Law=Sutherland's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borderers=The Borderers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Telegoons=The Telegoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acting_Crazy=Acting Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Circle_Quest=Star Circle Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Line_with_The_Hearty_Boys=Party Line with The Hearty Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murun_Buchstansangur=Murun Buchstansangur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula's_Home_Cooking=Paula's Home Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Pays_the_Ferryman%3F=Who Pays the Ferryman?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aphrodite_Inheritance=The Aphrodite Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(TV_series)=Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_the_Sun_(TV_serial)=The Dark Side of the Sun (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_West=Best of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_Night_Showcase=Thursday Night Showcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra:_The_Nature_of_Our_World=Terra: The Nature of Our World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Mind_the_Full_Stops=Never Mind the Full Stops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartburn_Hotel=Heartburn Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babestation=Babestation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maelstrom_(TV_series)=Maelstrom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_FBI_Files=The FBI Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_the_Truth_(TV_programme)=Facing the Truth (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Barker,_P.I.=Andy Barker, P.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braves_TBS_Baseball=Braves TBS Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirt_(TV_series)=Dirt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_That_Walks_On_All_Fours=The Family That Walks On All Fours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistler_(TV_series)=Whistler (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_Baseball=Sunday Night Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goede_tijden,_slechte_tijden=Goede tijden, slechte tijden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imbestigador=Imbestigador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blister_(TV_series)=Blister (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_(UK_TV_series)=MasterChef (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_an_Excuse%3F=Only an Excuse?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogues_(TV_series)=The Rogues (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_Tape=Live on Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Noise=New York Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snuff_Box_(TV_series)=Snuff Box (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unan1mous=Unan1mous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Road_(TV_series)=Waterloo Road (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He-Man_and_the_Masters_of_the_Universe_(2002_TV_series)=He-Man and the Masters of the Universe (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wednesday_Night_Hoops=Wednesday Night Hoops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sharing_Circle=The Sharing Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale_of_the_Century_(U.S._game_show)=Sale of the Century (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Don_Coyote_and_Sancho_Panda=The Adventures of Don Coyote and Sancho Panda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Countdown=NBA Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggard_(TV_series)=Haggard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Masters=The Movie Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinkabout_(U.S._TV_series)=Thinkabout (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside/Out_(TV_series)=Inside/Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homegrown_Cafe=Homegrown Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Log_(TV_series)=Hum Log (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_of_Super_Heroes_(TV_series)=Legion of Super Heroes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tales_of_Para_Handy=The Tales of Para Handy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_and_Warriors_(TV_series)=Wizards and Warriors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shapies=The Shapies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Man=The Nightmare Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vagrant=The Vagrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ode_to_Life=An Ode to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shouldn't_Be_Alive=I Shouldn't Be Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Shootaround=NBA Shootaround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSW_Today=TSW Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Fighter_Kabuto=B-Fighter Kabuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_Show_(TV_series)=Freak Show (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miljoenenjacht_(Netherlands)=Miljoenenjacht (Netherlands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Teachers=English Teachers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirasa_Superstar=Sirasa Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senda_prohibida=Senda prohibida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spender=Spender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambers_(series)=Chambers (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkins_Falls,_Population_6200=Hawkins Falls, Population 6200
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24:_Conspiracy=24: Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_to_Z_(TV_series)=A to Z (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Examination_for_Lieutenant=The Examination for Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_What%3F=Say What?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_What%3F_Karaoke=Say What? Karaoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Should_You_Do%3F=What Should You Do?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chatterley_Affair=The Chatterley Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_C.I.D.=El C.I.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction_Theatre=Science Fiction Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toonattik=Toonattik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'X-Man=D'X-Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Live_(Canada)=MTV Live (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1991=American Music Awards of 1991
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebuilt:_The_Human_Body_Shop=Rebuilt: The Human Body Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trifecta=The Trifecta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_and_Martha=George and Martha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interster=Interster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Essence=Bare Essence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_of_the_Day_2=Match of the Day 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper_Dennis=Pepper Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Day_New_York=Good Day New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Primetime=Saturday Primetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meerkat_Manor=Meerkat Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beltway_Boys=The Beltway Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquaman_(TV_pilot)=Aquaman (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameshow_Marathon_(U.S._TV_series)=Gameshow Marathon (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Sex_with_Dr._Drew=Strictly Sex with Dr. Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cook's_Tour_(TV_series)=A Cook's Tour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Victory_Lane=NASCAR Victory Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_RaceDay=NASCAR RaceDay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Up_(TV_series)=Cover Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untold_Stories_of_the_E.R.=Untold Stories of the E.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Wizard_of_Oz=Tales of the Wizard of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Shootout=Suburban Shootout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventuras_En_El_Tiempo=Aventuras En El Tiempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_e2=MTV e2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crust=The Crust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Person's_Guide_to_Becoming_a_Rock_Star=The Young Person's Guide to Becoming a Rock Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_(TV_series)=Working (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PINAGMULAN:_The_Journey_Home=PINAGMULAN: The Journey Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Baseball=Monday Night Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_Granada_Reports=ITV News Granada Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_Kids_(Bay_Area)=Quiz Kids (Bay Area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brooker's_Screenwipe=Charlie Brooker's Screenwipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctors_(1969_TV_series)=The Doctors (1969 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_House=Champion House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Lady_(TV_series)=The First Lady (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Janus=The Mask of Janus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spies_(TV_series)=The Spies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_River=King of the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_City_(TV_series)=Rainbow City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/199_Park_Lane=199 Park Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_but_Love=Anything but Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassador_(TV_series)=The Ambassador (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_of_Prey_(TV_serial)=Bird of Prey (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jenny_Jones_Show=The Jenny Jones Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(Australian_game_show)=Temptation (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Torkelsons=The Torkelsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_from_Tucson=Greetings from Tucson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade:_The_Series=Blade: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald!=Bald!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Mansion_(TV_series)=Maniac Mansion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigo_and_Friends=Amigo and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Open_Mind_(TV_series)=The Open Mind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newcomers_(TV_miniseries)=The Newcomers (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Money_(TV_series)=Blood Money (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1992=American Music Awards of 1992
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Cafe=Nightmare Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Pets=Wonder Pets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COPS_(TV_series)=COPS (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegra's_Window=Allegra's Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Mary-Kate_&_Ashley=The Adventures of Mary-Kate & Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrent_(TV_series)=Torrent (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(UK_TV_series)=The River (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebell_(TV_series)=Bluebell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karate_Kommandos=Karate Kommandos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waynehead=Waynehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Mind_the_Quality,_Feel_the_Width=Never Mind the Quality, Feel the Width
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bargain_Hunters=Bargain Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRL_Australia=TRL Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_stakes_backgammon=High stakes backgammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighteen,_Twenty-Nine=Eighteen, Twenty-Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Ventura:_Pet_Detective_(TV_series)=Ace Ventura: Pet Detective (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Brian=What About Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Lunch=Working Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Quiz_Kids=The New Quiz Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_John=Slim John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrera_de_amor=Barrera de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homewrecker_(TV_series)=Homewrecker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller's_Sin_City_Spectacular=Penn & Teller's Sin City Spectacular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_Strike_North=Oil Strike North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterstrike_(1969_TV_series)=Counterstrike (1969 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codename_(TV_series)=Codename (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilde_Alliance=Wilde Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warship_(TV_series)=Warship (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borgias_(1981_TV_series)=The Borgias (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbeach=Westbeach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_News=Making News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockliffe's_Babies=Rockliffe's Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Live=Sunday Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_from_the_Bush=Boys from the Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilias,_Yoga_and_You=Lilias, Yoga and You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_at_5:30=ITV News at 5:30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Sword_Divided=By the Sword Divided
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_Lines=Marriage Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonstrike=Moonstrike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R3_(TV_series)=R3 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monocled_Mutineer=The Monocled Mutineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rides_(UK_TV_series)=Rides (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showbiz_Tonight=Showbiz Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/According_to_Bex=According to Bex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayo_(TV_series)=Mayo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14,_rue_de_Galais=14, rue de Galais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline_(1982_TV_series)=Airline (1982 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleopatras=The Cleopatras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Arm_(TV_series)=The Fourth Arm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_I_Worry_About...%3F=Should I Worry About...?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venturers=The Venturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Floppy_Show=The Floppy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pros_vs._Joes=Pros vs. Joes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Deal_(game_show)=Big Deal (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Ricky_Gervais=Meet Ricky Gervais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Intelligence=Medical Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Notorious=So Notorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_People,_Big_World=Little People, Big World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caesars_(TV_series)=The Caesars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Mother_Wouldn't_Like_It=Your Mother Wouldn't Like It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clochemerle=Clochemerle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cops_(TV_series)=The Cops (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Room=The Nightmare Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Up,_Two_Down=Three Up, Two Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalom_in_the_Home=Shalom in the Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squadron_(TV_series)=Squadron (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Heartbeat=In a Heartbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Force:_Guardians_of_Space=G-Force: Guardians of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catlins_(TV_series)=The Catlins (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Society_(1995_TV_series)=High Society (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Curious=A Little Curious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corridor_People=The Corridor People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Befrienders=The Befrienders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenue_Men=The Revenue Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pallisers=The Pallisers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_House=Delta House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Series_of_Pop_Culture=The World Series of Pop Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitara_Aur_Mehrunissa=Sitara Aur Mehrunissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector's_House=Hector's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mitchell_and_Webb_Situation=The Mitchell and Webb Situation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Mitchell_and_Webb_Look=That Mitchell and Webb Look
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_One_(CBS_series)=Studio One (CBS series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Sweat_(TV_series)=No Sweat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalong_2=Nalong 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agony_(TV_series)=Agony (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_Meridian=ITV News Meridian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitt_&_Kantrop=Pitt & Kantrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temperatures_Rising=Temperatures Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey_Central=Hockey Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_on_the_Street=Ham on the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assy_McGee=Assy McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shoe_People=The Shoe People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisky_Dingo=Frisky Dingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalocalypse=Metalocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop-In=Drop-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colin's_Sandwich=Colin's Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Fighter=Shadow Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mix_Master=Mix Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Up_(TV_series)=Level Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Animated_Series=Buffy the Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dink,_the_Little_Dinosaur=Dink, the Little Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(1996_TV_series)=Flash Gordon (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Beadman=Fire Beadman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Geum's_Dream=Jang Geum's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ki_Fighter_Taerang=Ki Fighter Taerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Brand_(TV_series)=Bill Brand (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_(TV_series)=Fox (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expert_(TV_series)=The Expert (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo_Waltz=The Cuckoo Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_XYY_Man=The XYY Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mint_(game_show)=The Mint (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Bells_(TV_series)=Hell's Bells (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(TV_series)=Fire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1990=American Music Awards of 1990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(1970s_TV_series)=Rush (1970s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Henderson_Kids=The Henderson Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enigma_Files=The Enigma Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Born_(TV_series)=First Born (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_More_You_Know=The More You Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zembla_(TV_series)=Zembla (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Cove=Dante's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_List=The Hot List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_God_You're_Here=Thank God You're Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friends_Tigger_&_Pooh=My Friends Tigger & Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Montel_Williams_Show=The Montel Williams Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohubrihi=Bohubrihi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ittyadi=Ittyadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Wednesday=NBA Wednesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Plus=London Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst_Case_Scenarios=Worst Case Scenarios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_and_Margaret=Pat and Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Red_(miniseries)=Rose Red (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes_and_a...=Sykes and a...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidewalks_Entertainment=Sidewalks Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidewalks:_Video_Nite=Sidewalks: Video Nite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Richest=Survival of the Richest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Mebius=Ultraman Mebius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquest_(TV_series)=The Conquest (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Computer_Programme=The Computer Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_Time=Breakfast Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Deal_(TV_series)=Big Deal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritmo_Deportivo=Ritmo Deportivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monroes_(1995_TV_series)=The Monroes (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live_with_Howard_Cosell=Saturday Night Live with Howard Cosell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefacts=Telefacts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_the_Most_of_the_Micro=Making the Most of the Micro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Outrageous_Moments=Most Outrageous Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_the_Little_Boom_Boom=Joe the Little Boom Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Calendar=Country Calendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Wind_(TV_series)=Against the Wind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Buns=Sweet Buns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_Jr._and_his_Magic_Belt=Sinbad Jr. and his Magic Belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G@mers=G@mers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That'll_Teach_'Em=That'll Teach 'Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweat_the_Small_Stuff=Sweat the Small Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Oras_Southern_Mindanao=24 Oras Southern Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_(TV_series)=Robin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_Who_Turns_into_a_Frog=The Prince Who Turns into a Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_Night_Baseball=Thursday Night Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Forges=The Desert Forges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_in_the_Heir=Love Is in the Heir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Life_(TV_series)=Northern Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razzledazzle=Razzledazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Lot=On the Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Piling_Mo=Sa Piling Mo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/60_Minute_Makeover=60 Minute Makeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primer_amor..._a_mil_por_hora=Primer amor... a mil por hora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_at_Club_54=Comedy at Club 54
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1989=American Music Awards of 1989
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1988=American Music Awards of 1988
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largo_Winch_(TV_series)=Largo Winch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Mummy=I Love Mummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_in_a_Lifetime_(TV_series)=Twice in a Lifetime (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1993=American Music Awards of 1993
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2003_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2003 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1994=American Music Awards of 1994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitfall_(game_show)=Pitfall (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.P.O._Sharkey=C.P.O. Sharkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_vs._Spencer=Ed vs. Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wives_and_Daughters_(1999_miniseries)=Wives and Daughters (1999 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Palms=Hidden Palms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenger_Penguins=Avenger Penguins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayMania=PlayMania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Time_(TV_series)=Hang Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olliver's_Adventures=Olliver's Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Sketch=Planet Sketch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Metal_Challenge=Full Metal Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_2-Night=America 2-Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantomcat=Fantomcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goosebumps_(TV_series)=Goosebumps (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slings_&_Arrows=Slings & Arrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadline_(American_TV_series)=Deadline (American TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Paradise=Strange Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyder_Games=Spyder Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noot_vir_Noot=Noot vir Noot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miraculous_Mellops_(TV_series)=The Miraculous Mellops (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_Channel_TV=ITV News Channel TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Hotel=Zombie Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rejection_Show=The Rejection Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_(TV_series)=Beast (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warp_Trio=Time Warp Trio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Passion=Manchester Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_(TV_series)=Cathedral (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Get_a_Date=Can't Get a Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Denver=The Real World: Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Power=Video Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1987=American Music Awards of 1987
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1986=American Music Awards of 1986
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1985=American Music Awards of 1985
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1984=American Music Awards of 1984
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1983=American Music Awards of 1983
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1982=American Music Awards of 1982
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1981=American Music Awards of 1981
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1980=American Music Awards of 1980
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1995=American Music Awards of 1995
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1996=American Music Awards of 1996
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1997=American Music Awards of 1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1998=American Music Awards of 1998
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1999=American Music Awards of 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_(TV_series)=Once Upon a Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2000=American Music Awards of 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2001=American Music Awards of 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2002=American Music Awards of 2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1979=American Music Awards of 1979
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1978=American Music Awards of 1978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1977=American Music Awards of 1977
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrities_Under_Pressure=Celebrities Under Pressure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Aloud:_Off_the_Record=Girls Aloud: Off the Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Gay!=Totally Gay!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1976=American Music Awards of 1976
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1975=American Music Awards of 1975
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_1974=American Music Awards of 1974
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_Real%3F=Is It Real?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Science=Naked Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2003=American Music Awards of 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2003_(November)=American Music Awards of 2003 (November)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bituing_Walang_Ningning=Bituing Walang Ningning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbinder:_Land_of_the_Dragon_Lord=Spellbinder: Land of the Dragon Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Mickey!=Good Morning, Mickey!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flea_Man=Flea Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours=Neighbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Access_with_Ahmad_Rashad=NBA Access with Ahmad Rashad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Inside_Stuff=NBA Inside Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Coast_to_Coast=NBA Coast to Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Washington=Inside Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Willy_(TV_series)=Free Willy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_Momma=Yo Momma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNBC_Tonight=CNBC Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerds_FC=Nerds FC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llovizna_(telenovela)=Llovizna (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sitcom_Showdown=The Sitcom Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Wish_(TV_series)=You Wish (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobuta_wo_Produce=Nobuta wo Produce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extravaganza_(TV_series)=Extravaganza (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Blade_of_Honour=Against the Blade of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Live=Micro Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WGN_Morning_News=WGN Morning News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heute=Heute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Attack_(film)=Shark Attack (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Hot_Puppet_Chat=Live Hot Puppet Chat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alegrijes_y_Rebujos=Alegrijes y Rebujos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_in_the_World_Is_Carmen_Sandiego%3F_(game_show)=Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego? (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_in_Time_Is_Carmen_Sandiego%3F_(game_show)=Where in Time Is Carmen Sandiego? (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_57=Exit 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vids=Vids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneak_Previews=Sneak Previews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_Tonight=NHL Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Blasters=Master Blasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Hustle=The Real Hustle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Centre=Off Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbott_and_Costello_Show=The Abbott and Costello Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Girl_(TV_series)=Me and My Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kessler_(TV_series)=Kessler (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stateline_(TV_program)=Stateline (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chessgame=Chessgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_and_Players_(TV_series)=Gentlemen and Players (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIY_SOS=DIY SOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Talk_(TV_series)=Baby Talk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insiders_(TV_program)=Insiders (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwood_Glover's_Luncheon_Date=Elwood Glover's Luncheon Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie's_Rescue_Rangers=Lassie's Rescue Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Cooking_Showdown=Celebrity Cooking Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_(UK_TV_series)=Jigsaw (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Hood=Night Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Disaster=Perfect Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudtaym=Gudtaym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_(1964_TV_series)=Let's Go (1964 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_the_Country=Escape to the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Up=Catch Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Lunch=Light Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Sea=By the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Kind_of_Family=A New Kind of Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddigan's_Quest=Maddigan's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sto_Para_Pente=Sto Para Pente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_the_Halls=Running the Halls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_World_(TV_series)=One World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brains_&_Brawn=Brains & Brawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Us_(TV_series)=All About Us (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toxic_Crusaders=Toxic Crusaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cooks=The Cooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd,_for_the_Defense=Judd, for the Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Got_Talent=America's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POV_(TV_series)=POV (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearest_and_Dearest=Nearest and Dearest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Say!=You Don't Say!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_Cosh=Harry and Cosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Magician's_Code:_Magic's_Biggest_Secrets_Finally_Revealed=Breaking the Magician's Code: Magic's Biggest Secrets Finally Revealed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little:_The_Animated_Series=Stuart Little: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah,_Plain_and_Tall:_Winter's_End=Sarah, Plain and Tall: Winter's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yam_Roll=Yam Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Toys=The Forgotten Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KidZone=KidZone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Bodies_(TV_series)=Student Bodies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Z_and_the_Penguin_from_Mars=Agent Z and the Penguin from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_John_(UK_TV_series)=Dear John (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_Signs_(TV_series)=Vital Signs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shak=The Shak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V.I.P._(talk_show)=V.I.P. (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_and_the_Great_Pie_War=Duke and the Great Pie War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floricienta=Floricienta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Tasted=Road Tasted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameTrailers_TV_with_Geoff_Keighley=GameTrailers TV with Geoff Keighley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Traders_(TV_series)=Rogue Traders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_in_the_Family=Aliens in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Think_It's_All_Over_(TV_series)=They Think It's All Over (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Bravo_Charlie=Alpha Bravo Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seriously_Weird=Seriously Weird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Embassy=The American Embassy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connected:_Coast_to_Coast=Connected: Coast to Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Betty=Ugly Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winjin_Pom=The Winjin Pom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Afternoon=Northwest Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phil_Donahue_Show=The Phil Donahue Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Stories_(TV_series)=True Stories (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Island=Love Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cindy_Margolis_Show=The Cindy Margolis Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry_Tales=Tom and Jerry Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaggy_&_Scooby-Doo_Get_a_Clue!=Shaggy & Scooby-Doo Get a Clue!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Life=True Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumb_Wrestling_Federation=Thumb Wrestling Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janice_Dickinson_Modeling_Agency=The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunch_Date=Lunch Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking:_The_Ultimate_Obstacle_Course=Viking: The Ultimate Obstacle Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Class_(TV_series)=The Class (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Goofs=Space Goofs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Up_(UK_TV_programme)=Level Up (UK TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Lounge=Movie Lounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Marry_a_Multi-Millionaire%3F=Who Wants to Marry a Multi-Millionaire?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill_(TV_series)=Buffalo Bill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurnalul_TVR=Jurnalul TVR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genseishin_Justirisers=Genseishin Justirisers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caprica_(TV_series)=Caprica (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Weapons=Future Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitsa=Bitsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Street_Law=New Street Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Cars=King of Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeremy_Kyle_Show=The Jeremy Kyle Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod_Sa_Gun_Game=Tod Sa Gun Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ching_Roi_Ching_Lan=Ching Roi Ching Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Mammy=Me Mammy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohara_(TV_series)=Ohara (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tube_(2003_TV_series)=The Tube (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Eye_Candy=Celebrity Eye Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Riders=Spider Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Heaven,_Telly_Hell=TV Heaven, Telly Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_and_Brown=Purple and Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chousei_Kantai_Sazer-X=Chousei Kantai Sazer-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_Day_(Speed_Channel_program)=Back in the Day (Speed Channel program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Island=The Dark Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Wish_(TV_series)=Make a Wish (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tronji=Tronji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denshi_Sentai_Denziman=Denshi Sentai Denziman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyo_Sentai_Sun_Vulcan=Taiyo Sentai Sun Vulcan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animated_Stories_from_the_Bible=Animated Stories from the Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Song_Factory=Fun Song Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_(weekend_bulletins)=ITV News (weekend bulletins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sha_Na_Na_(TV_series)=Sha Na Na (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(show)=Treasure Island (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benny_Hill_Show=The Benny Hill Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Greek_Life=My Big Fat Greek Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_with_Kris_Aquino=Today with Kris Aquino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysti_Show=The Mysti Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_of_Passion=The Dance of Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Hotel=At the Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gift_to_Last=A Gift to Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manu_Rere=Manu Rere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_(New_Zealand_TV_programme)=Sunday (New Zealand TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet's_Magic_Hats=Harriet's Magic Hats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Ground_Up_with_Debbie_Travis=From the Ground Up with Debbie Travis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alt.news_26:46=Alt.news 26:46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_11=Project 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Street:_The_Adventures_of_the_Star_Kids=Star Street: The Adventures of the Star Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Edition=The Late Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Privilegio_de_Mandar=El Privilegio de Mandar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_(New_Zealand_show)=Good Morning (New Zealand show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warped=Time Warped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribe_(TV_series)=Tribe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_(TV_series)=Buddy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Lincoln_Center=Live from Lincoln Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_Girls=Us Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjour_la_Classe=Bonjour la Classe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Ranch_House=Texas Ranch House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_(U.S._TV_series)=Raven (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_(Finland_TV_series)=Big Brother (Finland TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Murder_(Canadian_TV_series)=Blue Murder (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marvel_Action_Hour=The Marvel Action Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_School_(Australian_TV_series)=Play School (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_with_Alison_Stewart=The Most with Alison Stewart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_the_Orient_Express_(2001_film)=Murder on the Orient Express (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepy_Canada=Creepy Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_Two_(Australian_TV_series)=It Takes Two (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blokken=Blokken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_British_Menu=Great British Menu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_Is_Right_(UK_game_show)=The Price Is Right (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landline_(TV_series)=Landline (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_the_Funniest_Mom_in_America=The Search for the Funniest Mom in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=Dancing with the Stars (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_at_21=Dead at 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_News_(Headline_News)=Prime News (Headline News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Kitchen=Saturday Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_(2006_TV_series)=Runaway (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Idol_Extra=American Idol Extra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(U.S._TV_series)=The Game (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_Little_Miracles=Life's Little Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feel_the_Force=Feel the Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_Bear_and_Jamal=C Bear and Jamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbery_Homicide_Division=Robbery Homicide Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juana_la_virgen=Juana la virgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gente_de_Primera=Gente de Primera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_SWAT=Blue SWAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekends_with_Maury_and_Connie=Weekends with Maury and Connie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bozo_Show=The Bozo Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthy,_Wealthy_and_Wise=Healthy, Wealthy and Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Most_Wanted=Australia's Most Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Square=Empire Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven's_Untitled_Rock_Show=Steven's Untitled Rock Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_Work=Life's Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Thursday_Game_of_the_Week=USA Thursday Game of the Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSN_Video_Games=GSN Video Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Christmastime_Again,_Charlie_Brown=It's Christmastime Again, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredd_Bear's_Breakfast-A-Go-Go=Fredd Bear's Breakfast-A-Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_in_the_Super_Bowl,_Charlie_Brown=You're in the Super Bowl, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Go!!_Show=The Go!! Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenclaws=Greenclaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_(Skyrider)=Kamen Rider (Skyrider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Money_(show)=Dirty Money (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon's_Deal=Shannon's Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Perry's_House_of_Payne=Tyler Perry's House of Payne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_X_(TV_series)=Animal X (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extremely_Dangerous=Extremely Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kato-chan_Ken-chan_Gokigen_TV=Kato-chan Ken-chan Gokigen TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_and_Margarita_(miniseries)=The Master and Margarita (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_of_3000=Class of 3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_on_Trial=Stars on Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Lab=Comedy Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.I.D._(Indian_TV_series)=C.I.D. (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_Ballerina=Angelina Ballerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Star:_Supernova=Rock Star: Supernova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_Is_Grinch_Night=Halloween Is Grinch Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Cosby:_Live_&_Direct=Rita Cosby: Live & Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Takes_On...=Tracey Takes On...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dining_Downunder=Dining Downunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_Anglia=ITV News Anglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nick_Cannon_Show=The Nick Cannon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaytime_TV=Gaytime TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moxy_Show=The Moxy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensing_Murder=Sensing Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremors_(TV_series)=Tremors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occasional_Wife=Occasional Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Way_for_Noddy=Make Way for Noddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men's_Room=The Men's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Donnellys=The Black Donnellys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Femme_Desperado=La Femme Desperado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Stories_with_Oliver_North=War Stories with Oliver North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirl's_Neighbourhood=Shirl's Neighbourhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Protectors=Stone Protectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Aid=Soccer Aid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_NBA=Inside the NBA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_&_Sisters_(2006_TV_series)=Brothers & Sisters (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Car_Garage=Dream Car Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Football=Saturday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Good_Years=Twenty Good Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_the_Underbelly=Notes from the Underbelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Rock=30 Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(TV_series)=Kidnapped (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_News_Live_(Comcast_SportsNet)=Daily News Live (Comcast SportsNet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurence_Olivier_Presents=Laurence Olivier Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_My_Butt_Went_Psycho!=The Day My Butt Went Psycho!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90_Minutes_Live=90 Minutes Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News:_Wales_at_Six=ITV News: Wales at Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_London=ITV News London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTV_Live=UTV Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_Mission=Angels of Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buster_Keaton:_A_Hard_Act_to_Follow=Buster Keaton: A Hard Act to Follow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pants-Off_Dance-Off=Pants-Off Dance-Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Lovers=Undercover Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Breakthrough=The Last Breakthrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka!_(TV_series)=Eureka! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato_Head_Kids=Potato Head Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4's_Late_Night_Peepshow=G4's Late Night Peepshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Case_Files=Canadian Case Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cory_in_the_House=Cory in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Day=Big Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_American_Idol=Latin American Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECW_on_TNN=ECW on TNN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(TV_series)=Heroes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alaskans=The Alaskans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchid_House_(TV_serial)=The Orchid House (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Waves_(TV_series)=Making Waves (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Fever=Dance Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Fever_(2003_TV_series)=Dance Fever (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Kaea=Te Kaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Footy=Friday Night Footy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Wu_Da_Di=Han Wu Da Di
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contraption_(game_show)=Contraption (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Break=Day Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Trees=Men in Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_(1980_TV_series)=Pride and Prejudice (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mrs_Bradley_Mysteries=The Mrs Bradley Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sharp_Intake_of_Breath=A Sharp Intake of Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_Modernism=Living with Modernism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Case_of_Emergency_(TV_series)=In Case of Emergency (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Good_Man,_Charlie_Brown_(TV_special)=You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilltop_Hospital=Hilltop Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Margie=My Little Margie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_(TV_series)=The Show (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Raspberry_Blower_of_Old_London_Town=The Phantom Raspberry Blower of Old London Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergroup_(TV_series)=Supergroup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_Gabba_Gabba!=Yo Gabba Gabba!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bagthorpe_Saga=The Bagthorpe Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Booze_Cruise=The Booze Cruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Jones_Gospel=Bobby Jones Gospel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinTuition=WinTuition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanished=Vanished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Faces_(Australian_talent_show)=New Faces (Australian talent show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Alive_(BBC_TV_series)=Man Alive (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balderdash_(game_show)=Balderdash (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_C.A.T.s=Wild C.A.T.s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kratts'_Creatures=Kratts' Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Chronicles=Computer Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Microchip=Mr. Microchip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teledyaryo=Teledyaryo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirsty_Traveler=The Thirsty Traveler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_(2003_TV_series)=Tarzan (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_Is_Right_(Australian_game_show)=The Price Is Right (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_(TV_series)=The Nine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News:_Morning=CBC News: Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_T-Rex=The Adventures of T-Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Bites_Man=Dog Bites Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirits_(TV_series)=Spirits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestarter:_Rekindled=Firestarter: Rekindled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruck_Zuck_(game_show)=Ruck Zuck (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volt_(TV_series)=Volt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Chips_&_Rock_n'_Roll=Sex, Chips & Rock n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SexTV=SexTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Superstar=Hay Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(TV_series)=The General (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Report=Police Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_After_Tomorrow_(TV_special)=The Day After Tomorrow (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_(TV_series)=The Rebel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuff_Trax=Tuff Trax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News:_Disclosure=CBC News: Disclosure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_Lover_(TV_series)=Latin Lover (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Again_(TV_series)=Home Again (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Real_Life=In Real Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrest_and_Trial=Arrest and Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comrade_Dad=Comrade Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man-Made_Food=Man-Made Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Customs=A Matter of Customs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_and_Wry=Scotch and Wry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Fox_of_Snowy_Mountain_(1999_TV_series)=The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo_Spencer=Hallo Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECW_(WWE)=ECW (WWE)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_Editorial_Report=Journal Editorial Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Money_(2005_TV_series)=On the Money (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Look_40,_Charlie_Brown=You Don't Look 40, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Spring_Training,_Charlie_Brown=It's Spring Training, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Was_My_Best_Birthday_Ever,_Charlie_Brown=It Was My Best Birthday Ever, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brown's_Christmas_Tales=Charlie Brown's Christmas Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_the_Best_(game_show)=Simply the Best (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_Down=Eyes Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Cops:_San_Francisco=Animal Cops: San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gormenghast_(TV_serial)=Gormenghast (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_My_Kids=Raise My Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jandals_Away=Jandals Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_Hill=Redemption Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookie_Vets=Rookie Vets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Disney_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=Saturday Disney (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Wanna_Be_a_Popstar%3F_(New_Zealand)=So You Wanna Be a Popstar? (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Inventin'=Let's Get Inventin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwifruit_(TV_series)=Kiwifruit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider's_Guide_To_Love=The Insider's Guide To Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unauthorised_History_of_New_Zealand=The Unauthorised History of New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_OUTHouse=The OUTHouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zoo_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=The Zoo (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fetch!_with_Ruff_Ruffman=Fetch! with Ruff Ruffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Canopy_of_Love=Under the Canopy of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Bender=Bar Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Bond=Love Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolving_Doors_of_Vengeance=Revolving Doors of Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wars_of_In-laws=Wars of In-laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Rules_Turn_Loose=When Rules Turn Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Man_(Hong_Kong_TV_series)=Family Man (Hong Kong TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halloween_Tree_(1993_TV_film)=The Halloween Tree (1993 TV film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Relief=Sport Relief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_About_Joan%3F=What About Joan?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebus_(TV_series)=Rebus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WNBA_on_ESPN=WNBA on ESPN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_Bill_Bailey%3F=Is It Bill Bailey?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_.45_(TV_series)=Colt .45 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butternut_Square=Butternut Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Faux=Kung Faux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Games_Attack=When Games Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_(TV_series)=Shark (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_Now=Politics Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Champions=Master of Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_News_with_Ros_Childs=ABC News with Ros Childs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jane_Show=The Jane Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel=The Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisarazu_Cat's_Eye=Kisarazu Cat's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakbakan=Bakbakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whodunnit%3F_(UK_TV_series)=Whodunnit? (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charm_Beneath=The Charm Beneath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterstrike_(1990_TV_series)=Counterstrike (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Shorts=Maple Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouching_Tiger,_Hidden_Dragon_(TV_series)=Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiks_(TV_series)=Komiks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Song_(TV_series)=Your Song (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One:_Making_a_Music_Star=The One: Making a Music Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chelsea_Handler_Show=The Chelsea Handler Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderstone_(TV_series)=Thunderstone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Coal=The Price of Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_18=Sweet 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DumbLand=DumbLand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EZ_Streets=EZ Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yin_Yang_Yo!=Yin Yang Yo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals,_Animals,_Animals=Animals, Animals, Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_&_Friends_First=Fox & Friends First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Window=The Magic Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Ave.=Ocean Ave.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Justice=Video Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cha_Cha_Cha_(TV_series)=Cha Cha Cha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Before_Time_(TV_series)=The Land Before Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_Music=Fearless Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapamilya,_Deal_or_No_Deal=Kapamilya, Deal or No Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Pretend_(TV_series)=Let's Pretend (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snobs_(TV_series)=Snobs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STORYFix=STORYFix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rosey=Little Rosey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_and_Read=Look and Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1999_film)=David Copperfield (1999 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozzie's_Girls=Ozzie's Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip_This_House=Flip This House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip_That_House=Flip That House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidents_Can_Happen=Accidents Can Happen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_Ernie=Underground Ernie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artstar=Artstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stained_Glass_(TV_series)=Stained Glass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_(TV_series)=Witness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Geste_(TV_series)=Beau Geste (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Norm_Show=The Norm Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_by_Jury_(TV_series)=Trial by Jury (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Eat=The Big Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raines=Raines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xarabank=Xarabank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_and_the_Rottentrolls=Roger and the Rottentrolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richard_Pryor_Show=The Richard Pryor Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Louie=Lucky Louie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bits_and_Bytes=Bits and Bytes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSN_Hockey=TSN Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puffin's_Pla(i)ce=Puffin's Pla(i)ce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Trust%3F=Who Do You Trust?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vingt_Minutes=Vingt Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disinformation_(TV_series)=Disinformation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraft_Suspense_Theatre=Kraft Suspense Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridezillas=Bridezillas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Justice=Dark Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jericho_(2006_TV_series)=Jericho (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Warriors=Monster Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funnybones=Funnybones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLB_on_Five=MLB on Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperland=Hyperland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Scotland=Talking Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_of_Max_Bickford=The Education of Max Bickford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Megan_Mullally_Show=The Megan Mullally Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Pursuit_(TV_series)=Hot Pursuit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tormenta=La Tormenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Property=Hot Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Evans=The Magnificent Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbeatables=The Unbeatables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Elephant_and_Round_the_Castle=Up the Elephant and Round the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philco_Television_Playhouse=The Philco Television Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steamie=The Steamie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapinas=Hapinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Apollo_(TV_series)=Live at the Apollo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Islands=The Lost Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Feast=Sunday Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Food=ITV Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Cooks_(TV_series)=Too Many Cooks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bus_Life=Bus Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...Cooks!=...Cooks!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Nashville_Music=That Nashville Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Back...=Bring Back...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Boy_(UK_TV_series)=That's My Boy (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_(1966_TV_series)=Tarzan (1966 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_(TV_series)=Cobra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_on_a_Dime=Design on a Dime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnovations=Unnovations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein's_Aunt=Frankenstein's Aunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clinic_for_Married_Couples:_Love_and_War=The Clinic for Married Couples: Love and War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_(1988_TV_series)=Clarence (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grady_(TV_series)=Grady (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovery_(TV_series)=Recovery (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Chimp=Me and the Chimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springhill_(TV_series)=Springhill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primeval=Primeval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitary_(TV_series)=Solitary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Woody_Woodpecker_Show=The New Woody Woodpecker Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Discovery=Wild Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Fox=The Old Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Games=Incredible Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ernest=Dead Ernest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NileCity_105,6=NileCity 105,6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Bob_Cummings_Show=The New Bob Cummings Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psych=Psych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jon_Stewart_Show=The Jon Stewart Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_(TV_series)=Julie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Paddington_Bear=The Adventures of Paddington Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfresco_(TV_series)=Alfresco (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlybirds=Whirlybirds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_News_Bears_(TV_series)=The Bad News Bears (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Auction=House Auction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_Death='Til Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lionhearts=The Lionhearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToddWorld=ToddWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracks_Ahead=Tracks Ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Guys=City Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_(documentary)=Space (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Dating_Now=We Are Dating Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Family_(TV_series)=The Royal Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Green's_House_Tonight=Tom Green's House Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Stories=Animal Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_News_Today=Sky News Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jools'_Annual_Hootenanny=Jools' Annual Hootenanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_DJ=ABC DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Main_Event=WCW Main Event
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Pro=WCW Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Twizzle=The Adventures of Twizzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torchy_the_Battery_Boy=Torchy the Battery Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_(TV_series)=Sanford (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andy_Dick_Show=The Andy Dick Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyle_XY=Kyle XY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starface=Starface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Arms=Sanford Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strike=The Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_at_12:30=News at 12:30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_(2006_TV_series)=Justice (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KTLA_Morning_News=KTLA Morning News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Weddings=Four Weddings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_DJ_Kat_Show=The DJ Kat Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven_(TV_series)=Driven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baby_Huey_Show=The Baby Huey Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spooktacular_New_Adventures_of_Casper=The Spooktacular New Adventures of Casper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper's_Halloween_Special=Casper's Halloween Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Europe=Passport to Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_Britannia_(TV_series)=Rule Britannia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_Ray_(TV_series)=Rachael Ray (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Kim:_Countdown_to_Lockdown=Lil' Kim: Countdown to Lockdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Riders=The Young Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Move,_Improve=Don't Move, Improve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mum's_on_Strike=Mum's on Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Living_Dead:_Rave_from_the_Grave=Return of the Living Dead: Rave from the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Living_Dead:_Necropolis=Return of the Living Dead: Necropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Ada=For the Love of Ada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Bagong_Kampeon=Ang Bagong Kampeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovespring_International=Lovespring International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourgasm=Tourgasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wag_Kukurap=Wag Kukurap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hopes_(Welsh_TV_series)=High Hopes (Welsh TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_World_Championship_Wrestling=Best of World Championship Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standoff_(TV_series)=Standoff (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Waterfront_(TV_series)=On the Waterfront (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradin'_Paint=Tradin' Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveler_(TV_series)=Traveler (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tom_Joyner_Show=The Tom Joyner Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sectaurs=Sectaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumanji_(TV_series)=Jumanji (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_in_the_Bag_(game_show)=It's in the Bag (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Beside_You=Devil Beside You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spelling_Bee_(game_show)=Spelling Bee (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Mason_(TV_series)=Perry Mason (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoy_con_Cesar_Hildebrandt=Hoy con Cesar Hildebrandt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRL_UK=TRL UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Face_or_Mine%3F=Your Face or Mine?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Sheriff_Gavan=Space Sheriff Gavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Lovers'_Guide_to_Australia=Food Lovers' Guide to Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roaring_20's_(TV_series)=The Roaring 20's (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowin'_Up=Blowin' Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Hall's_Fishing_Show=Rich Hall's Fishing Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Superboy=The Adventures of Superboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globo_Loco=Globo Loco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_in_the_House=Genie in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepers_(TV_series)=Sleepers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salty's_Lighthouse=Salty's Lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Hour_(TV_series)=Happy Hour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keenen_Ivory_Wayans_Show=The Keenen Ivory Wayans Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazell_(TV_series)=Hazell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Dinosaurs_Roamed_America=When Dinosaurs Roamed America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Planet_(TV_series)=Dinosaur Planet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Beat_Cinema=Off Beat Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_the_Kellys=Married to the Kellys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satellite_City=Satellite City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Kitchen_(UK_TV_series)=Hell's Kitchen (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_PTL_Club=The PTL Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobstermen:_Jeopardy_at_Sea=Lobstermen: Jeopardy at Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_English_(TV_series)=Full English (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Garden_(TV_series)=The Magic Garden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Foxx:_Straight_from_the_Foxxhole=Jamie Foxx: Straight from the Foxxhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Magic!=Mission: Magic!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouli=Bouli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rally_Report=Rally Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother's_Keeper_(1998_TV_series)=Brother's Keeper (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parlamentet=Parlamentet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Roof_(game_show)=Raise the Roof (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_(TV_series)=Two (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion:_Earth_(TV_series)=Invasion: Earth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charmings=The Charmings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_News_Asia=Star News Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agenda=The Agenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Foxx:_I_Might_Need_Security=Jamie Foxx: I Might Need Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Superman_(TV_series)=The New Adventures of Superman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Brydon's_Annually_Retentive=Rob Brydon's Annually Retentive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamelen_(TV_series)=Hamelen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruise_of_the_Gods=Cruise of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clay_Cole_Show=The Clay Cole Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Island_(TV_series)=Mysterious Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Offal=TV Offal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_War_(documentary)=The Great War (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_Off_(TV_series)=Lift Off (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canterbury_Tales_(TV_series)=The Canterbury Tales (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Super-1=Kamen Rider Super-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Dave_(TV_series)=Super Dave (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7_O'Clock_News=The 7 O'Clock News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Closed_Doors_(1996_TV_series)=Behind Closed Doors (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grid_(TV_miniseries)=The Grid (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_Bottom_of_the_Sea_(TV_series)=Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Get_Lucky=How to Get Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Run_for_Your_Life=Midnight Run for Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Superhero%3F=Who Wants to Be a Superhero?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Runaround=Midnight Runaround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Exchange_(TV_series)=Fair Exchange (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPM_2Night=RPM 2Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sheets=Three Sheets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash,_Too=Splash, Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Back!_with_David_Horowitz=Fight Back! with David Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_(TV_series)=Gran (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_LG_Quiz=Digital LG Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnipeg_Comedy_Festival=Winnipeg Comedy Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erky_Perky=Erky Perky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Triffids_(1981_TV_series)=The Day of the Triffids (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fu=Final Fu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North/South=North/South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/49th_&_Main=49th & Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Erotica_Cabo=Hotel Erotica Cabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Grill=Boy Meets Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Today=Asia Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Joel=Hey Joel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Surfers=Movie Surfers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Equipped=Kitchen Equipped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torvill_and_Dean's_Dancing_on_Ice=Torvill and Dean's Dancing on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_Dome_Challenge=Poker Dome Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandila_(TV_program)=Bandila (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapido_(TV_series)=Rapido (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_News_Today=World News Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasz_czy_nie_grasz=Grasz czy nie grasz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_Ya_No_Deal=Deal Ya No Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger_Tips=Finger Tips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale_of_the_Century_(Australian_game_show)=Sale of the Century (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sale_of_the_Century_(UK_game_show)=Sale of the Century (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Hall's_Cattle_Drive=Rich Hall's Cattle Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handyman_Superstar_Challenge=Handyman Superstar Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20/20_(New_Zealand)=20/20 (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FANatic=FANatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Myeongseong_(TV_series)=Empress Myeongseong (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Focus_on_FSN=In Focus on FSN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WAGs_Boutique=WAGs Boutique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Attitude_(TV_series)=New Attitude (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Fools_on_Horses=Only Fools on Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11_Cameras=11 Cameras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antiques_Ghost_Show=The Antiques Ghost Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_Major_League_Baseball=ESPN Major League Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(Malaysian_TV_series)=One in a Million (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostModern_MTV=PostModern MTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DragonflyTV=DragonflyTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNBC_Market_Wrap=CNBC Market Wrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_Colours=Dream of Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliot_Moose_(TV_series)=Elliot Moose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_in_the_Willows_(TV_series)=The Wind in the Willows (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_House_of_Mystery_and_Suspense=Hammer House of Mystery and Suspense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Fantastic=Future Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocKwiz=RocKwiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genie_from_Down_Under=The Genie from Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_They_Now_(TV_series)=Where Are They Now (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Court=Sex Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_the_Minder=Bill the Minder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lampies=The Lampies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breed_All_About_It=Breed All About It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cade's_County=Cade's County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Deal=Just Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter_1=The Ultimate Fighter 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter_2=The Ultimate Fighter 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter_3=The Ultimate Fighter 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PokerFace=PokerFace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Lynde_Show=The Paul Lynde Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardy_Boys/Nancy_Drew_Mysteries=The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_&_Style=Life & Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherhood_(U.S._TV_series)=Brotherhood (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco's_Italy:_Top_to_Toe=Francesco's Italy: Top to Toe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-9_to_5=K-9 to 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grown_Ups_(1997_TV_series)=Grown Ups (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Inventors=The New Inventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Scene_(TV_series)=The Music Scene (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Durante_Presents_the_Lennon_Sisters=Jimmy Durante Presents the Lennon Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Debbie_Reynolds_Show=The Debbie Reynolds Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Lose=Can't Lose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berrenger's=Berrenger's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_on_TBS=Major League Baseball on TBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Years_Younger_(US)=10 Years Younger (US)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travels_of_Jaimie_McPheeters_(TV_series)=The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSNBC_Doc_Block=MSNBC Doc Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Henry_Rollins_Show=The Henry Rollins Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalog-Alog=Aalog-Alog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Mind_(TV_series)=Murder in Mind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(2003_TV_series)=King (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontpage_(TV_series)=Frontpage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_dama_de_rosa=La dama de rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_(telenovela)=Abigail (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Madison_Square_Garden_Classics=WWE Madison Square Garden Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Desprecio=El Desprecio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grown_Ups_(1999_TV_series)=Grown Ups (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Cage_(TV_series)=The Golden Cage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Valley_High_(TV_series)=Sweet Valley High (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colgate_Comedy_Hour=The Colgate Comedy Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Problem=A Small Problem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares_&_Dreamscapes:_From_the_Stories_of_Stephen_King=Nightmares & Dreamscapes: From the Stories of Stephen King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_(TV_series)=Dexter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Force_(TV_series)=Driving Force (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Baby!=Go Baby!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark_(TV_series)=After Dark (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soup_of_the_Day=Soup of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorty_McShorts'_Shorts=Shorty McShorts' Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunque_me_Cueste_la_Vida=Aunque me Cueste la Vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMX:_Soul_of_a_Man=DMX: Soul of a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Father_(UK_TV_series)=Bachelor Father (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_(TV_series)=Drive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitag=Bitag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q._T._Hush=Q. T. Hush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_with_Frost=Breakfast with Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrocelli=Petrocelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_August=Dan August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_Central=ITV News Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorted_(TV_series)=Sorted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_and_Ferb=Phineas and Ferb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_(TV_series)=Prey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvo=Sarvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Carters=House of Carters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominick_Dunne's_Power,_Privilege,_and_Justice=Dominick Dunne's Power, Privilege, and Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_(TV_series)=Smith (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/450,_Chemin_du_Golf=450, Chemin du Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Spotlight=Entertainment Spotlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Fernanda_(telenovela)=Luisa Fernanda (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujer_Secreta=Mujer Secreta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Men_Show_(1997)=Mr. Men Show (1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_with_Kevin_Smith_2:_Evening_Harder=An Evening with Kevin Smith 2: Evening Harder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heridas_de_Amor=Heridas de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_TV=Moon TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Degree=First Degree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Gossip=Office Gossip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Til_Debt_Do_Us_Part=Til Debt Do Us Part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_(TV_series)=Solo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_in_the_Attic=Cash in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagot_Ka,_Isusumbong_Kita=Lagot Ka, Isusumbong Kita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Week_to_Save_Your_Marriage=One Week to Save Your Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinchronicity=Sinchronicity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me_Help_You=Help Me Help You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoonDreamers=MoonDreamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_(Philippine_TV_program)=Emergency (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Witness=I-Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_Pinoy=100% Pinoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reporter's_Notebook=Reporter's Notebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Flash_Report=GMA Flash Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saksi_sa_Dobol_B=Saksi sa Dobol B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Boogedy=Mr. Boogedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_on_One_with_Steve_Adubato=One on One with Steve Adubato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Park=Prehistoric Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_of_Destiny=The Twins of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_(Australian_TV_series)=Hunter (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooty_Heights=Sooty Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapuso_Mo,_Jessica_Soho=Kapuso Mo, Jessica Soho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Welsh_is_Coming=Barry Welsh is Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuts_Entertainment=Nuts Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_LP=Video LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Love_(TV_series)=Midnight Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Active_(TV_series)=Radio Active (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-Files=S-Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unang_Hirit=Unang Hirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Meets_World=Pinoy Meets World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Susan_Tayo=Kay Susan Tayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(2006_TV_series)=The Chase (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_&_Sarah=Thomas & Sarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_I_Live=Where I Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Heroes=Forensic Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_Admiral_Yi_Sun-sin=Immortal Admiral Yi Sun-sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutt_House=The Nutt House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reporters_(TV_show)=The Reporters (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mancuso,_F.B.I.=Mancuso, F.B.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Scenes_(SPACE_TV_series)=Behind the Scenes (SPACE TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Came_from_the_Basement!=It Came from the Basement!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottery!=Lottery!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpol_Investigates=Interpol Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proti_Grammi=Proti Grammi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Hi_Puffy_Bu=Hi Hi Puffy Bu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lads'_Army=Lads' Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Family=Like Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperion_Bay=Hyperion Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekicks_(TV_series)=Sidekicks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_the_Roofs=Raising the Roofs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walter_Winchell_Show=The Walter Winchell Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Years=Weird Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Loving_Memory_(TV_series)=In Loving Memory (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franny's_Feet=Franny's Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_Sabater=Amanda Sabater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham_(TV_series)=Markham (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Generation_(TV_series)=Love Generation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid!=Stupid!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMT_Outlaws=CMT Outlaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_Takes_All_(game_show)=Winner Takes All (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela's_Eyes=Angela's Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redman_(TV_series)=Redman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_Again_(2006_TV_series)=Smile Again (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waratte_Iitomo!=Waratte Iitomo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zardip's_Search_for_Healthy_Wellness=Zardip's Search for Healthy Wellness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Obnoxious_Fiance=My Big Fat Obnoxious Fiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_This_Time=Maybe This Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_Detector_(TV_series)=Lie Detector (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pole_Chudes=Pole Chudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_Honour_(Australian_TV_series)=Sword of Honour (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Northern_Luzon=TV Patrol Northern Luzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Girl_(2005_TV_series)=Party Girl (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabranjena_ljubav=Zabranjena ljubav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Ready_(TV_series)=Always Ready (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_Beany=Time for Beany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_to_Lunch_(TV_program)=Out to Lunch (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Pagbabago=Ang Pagbabago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeon_Gaesomun_(TV_series)=Yeon Gaesomun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Fight_(TV_series)=Food Fight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_Foul=Professional Foul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Old_Man_(sitcom)=My Old Man (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_and_Pegg=Moody and Pegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantomime_Quiz=Pantomime Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calla_Lily_(TV_series)=Calla Lily (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(The_Final_Battle)=V (The Final Battle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runway_(game_show)=Runway (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_in_the_Life=A Year in the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumber_&_Dumberest=Dumber & Dumberest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_This_Party_Started=Get This Party Started
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Songs=Baby Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey:_A_People's_History=Hockey: A People's History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumong_(TV_series)=Jumong (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Animal_Police=Miami Animal Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Cops:_Houston=Animal Cops: Houston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergirl_(Japanese_TV_series)=Supergirl (Japanese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunderwelt_Wissen=Wunderwelt Wissen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_League_Teams=Fox League Teams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Hendersons_(TV_series)=Harry and the Hendersons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Couch=On the Couch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Helm_(TV_series)=Matt Helm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyshia_Cole:_The_Way_It_Is=Keyshia Cole: The Way It Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feasting_on_Asphalt=Feasting on Asphalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Arthur's_Disasters=King Arthur's Disasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactik_Football=Galactik Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_Inspector=The Hotel Inspector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Goes_(game_show)=Everything Goes (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WMAC_Masters=WMAC Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_May_Be_Right_(game_show)=You May Be Right (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Mrs_Pritchard=The Amazing Mrs Pritchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_See=Let's See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_the_Monster=Milton the Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starstuff=Starstuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_in_Law_(novel)=Brothers in Law (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Help_(TV_series)=The Help (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Rib_(TV_series)=Adam's Rib (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yasmin's_Getting_Married=Yasmin's Getting Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Zoo=Midnight Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Net_(TV_series)=The Net (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quizmania_(Australia)=Quizmania (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reporters_(TV_series)=Reporters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_the_Kid=Bruno the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_the_Andersons=All About the Andersons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_(TV_series)=Beethoven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_(TV_series)=Bull (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_Out=Work Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncommon_Threads=Uncommon Threads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Jane_Adventures=The Sarah Jane Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spectacular_Spider-Man_(TV_series)=The Spectacular Spider-Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_(Australian_quiz_show)=The Master (Australian quiz show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulling_(TV_series)=Pulling (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coxy's_Big_Break=Coxy's Big Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moviewatch=Moviewatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(2006_TV_series)=The Return of the Condor Heroes (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Four:_World's_Greatest_Heroes=Fantastic Four: World's Greatest Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Country_Nights=Hot Country Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dine_with_Me=Come Dine with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Junkyard=Operation Junkyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Night_Show=Good Night Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Seven_Eleven=Three Seven Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabloid_Wars=Tabloid Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Money_Madness=Midnight Money Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Business=Your Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flog_It!=Flog It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studs_(game_show)=Studs (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Second_Counts_(UK_game_show)=Every Second Counts (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catchword_(game_show)=Catchword (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Chatterly's_Stories=Lady Chatterly's Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brush_with_Fame=A Brush with Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Tagal_Kang_Hinintay=Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton:_His_Struggle_with_Dirt=Clinton: His Struggle with Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webdreams=Webdreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Connection=Hollywood Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What%3F_Where%3F_When%3F=What? Where? When?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Penny_(TV_series)=Bad Penny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collectors_(TV_series)=The Collectors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stab_in_the_Dark_(TV_series)=A Stab in the Dark (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Crimes_and_Trials=Great Crimes and Trials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Weekender=Sydney Weekender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's_Full_House=Bob's Full House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_(1977_TV_series)=Top Gear (1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_EastEnders_television_spin-offs=List of EastEnders television spin-offs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Jet_Fusion=Operation: Jet Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Gauntlet=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Gauntlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Souls_(TV_series)=All Souls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_(TV_series)=Haunted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_9_(TV_series)=Level 9 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porkpie_(TV_series)=Porkpie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dooby_Duck's_Disco_Bus=Dooby Duck's Disco Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taonga_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=Taonga (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_New_Zealand_Spelling_Bee=The Great New Zealand Spelling Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_City_(TV_series)=Terminal City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Hall_(TV_series)=Jane Hall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Chef=The Naked Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe,_Duncan,_Jack_and_Jane=Zoe, Duncan, Jack and Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saracen_(TV_series)=Saracen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilt.tv=Tilt.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Maria_Lopez=Judge Maria Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Magic_Presents=Star Magic Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_You've_Gone_(TV_series)=After You've Gone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classroom_Chaos=Classroom Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Couple_(TV_series)=The Odd Couple (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_of_Mount_Deer_(2000_TV_series)=The Duke of Mount Deer (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashionista_(TV_series)=Fashionista (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainers_with_Byron_Allen=Entertainers with Byron Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helping_Henry=Helping Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morecambe_&_Wise_Show=The Morecambe & Wise Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncommon_Women_and_Others_(film)=Uncommon Women and Others (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Van_Dyke_Show=The Van Dyke Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weakest_Link_(U.S._game_show)=Weakest Link (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Girls=Fight Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_So_Right_(TV_series)=Something So Right (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Last_Dance_for_Me_(TV_series)=Save the Last Dance for Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotherly_Love_(1995_TV_series)=Brotherly Love (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Zone=The Burning Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Freno:_Licensed_Teacher=Nick Freno: Licensed Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Noah=Second Noah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Point_(TV_series)=Turning Point (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moloney_(TV_series)=Moloney (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highwayman_(TV_series)=The Highwayman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Road_Show=Oxford Road Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showbiz_Darts=Showbiz Darts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Law_(1996_TV_series)=Common Law (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_the_Fort=Holding the Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaboye_Zveno=Slaboye Zveno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline_(Australian_TV_program)=Dateline (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_Longstocking_(1997_TV_series)=Pippi Longstocking (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Simmons_Family_Jewels=Gene Simmons Family Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Motorsport=Top Gear Motorsport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_Live=Death Wish Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_a_Rooftop=Love on a Rooftop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cook_Report=The Cook Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_Like_Music=Sounds Like Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_&_John's_Road_Trip!=Chris & John's Road Trip!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattingers=Tattingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Risk_(TV_series)=High Risk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moron_Life=Moron Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Spoon=Sonny Spoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_High=Hull High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestories=Lifestories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_People=Married People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fanelli_Boys=The Fanelli Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Cops=Top Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_It_Out=Working It Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Places_(U.S._TV_series)=Going Places (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixmasters=Mixmasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Stories=Real Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Heaven_(1994_TV_series)=Blue Heaven (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Summer_Playhouse=CBS Summer Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Little_Words_(TV_series)=Three Little Words (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Leicester_Square=1 Leicester Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kool_Ka_Lang=Kool Ka Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLS_Soccer_Saturday=MLS Soccer Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Chronicles=American Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_at_Heart_(TV_series)=Wild at Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letter_(TV_series)=Love Letter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_at_My_Back=Wind at My Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_(TV_series)=Nikki (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Blades=Young Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Good_For_You=What's Good For You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_and_Up=5 and Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefoot_in_the_Park_(TV_series)=Barefoot in the Park (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_(TV_series)=The Hunger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_Tsong,_Si_Tsang=Si Tsong, Si Tsang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beh_Bote_Nga=Beh Bote Nga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_News_Live=GMA News Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigada_Siete=Brigada Siete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Decisions=Command Decisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untold:_The_Greatest_Sports_Stories_Never_Told=Untold: The Greatest Sports Stories Never Told
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Club_(reality_show)=The Club (reality show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greg_Behrendt's_Wake_Up_Call=Greg Behrendt's Wake Up Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_for_Life=Set for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Jinks=Hi-Jinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicious_Proposal=Delicious Proposal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play2Win=Play2Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex_Wives=Essex Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Show=The One Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1:_All_Access=VH1: All Access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPEED_Center=SPEED Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_(UK_TV_series)=Fish (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Westerner_(TV_series)=The Westerner (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Mirror:_The_Michael_Jackson_Story=Man in the Mirror: The Michael Jackson Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Fire_(game_show)=X-Fire (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounin_(TV_series)=Rounin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_Man_(TV_series)=Secret Agent Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Sorry,_I_Love_You=I'm Sorry, I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startalk_(television_show)=Startalk (television show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O:_Just_Add_Water=H2O: Just Add Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_(TV_series)=Trio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_Connections=Drama Connections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaside_Special=Seaside Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibs=Sibs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangebrew=Strangebrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teech=Teech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drexell's_Class=Drexell's Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slap_Maxwell_Story=The Slap Maxwell Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Wilder=Camp Wilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeakOut_(TV_series)=SpeakOut (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_for_You_(TV_series)=Crazy for You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_No_Return_(TV_series)=Point of No Return (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Max=Uncle Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Animal_Videos=Amazing Animal Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Dare_You!_(TV_series)=How Dare You! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Crash_(TV_series)=System Crash (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_O-Zone=The O-Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_(TV_series)=The Message (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inocente_de_Ti=Inocente de Ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Glory=Beyond the Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Rescue_Police_Winspector=Special Rescue Police Winspector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MuchAdrenaline=MuchAdrenaline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Sheriff_Sharivan=Space Sheriff Sharivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princesses_(TV_series)=Princesses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_National_Hockey_Night=ESPN National Hockey Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_en_Silencio=Amor en Silencio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Net_(BBC_TV_series)=The Net (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radio_Factor=The Radio Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask:_Animated_Series=The Mask: Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_Canada=Across Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Weekend=This Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uncle_Al_Show=The Uncle Al Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Dog_U=Good Dog U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prove_It!=Prove It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barking_Mad=Barking Mad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Baby_(TV_series)=That's My Baby (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pet_Psychic=The Pet Psychic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petsburgh_USA=Petsburgh USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minty_(TV_series)=Minty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_the_Three_Kingdoms_(TV_series)=Romance of the Three Kingdoms (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Weapon=Perfect Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_Go!_Go!=Tori Go! Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eon_Kid=Eon Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_(game_show)=Steal (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Wapner's_Animal_Court=Judge Wapner's Animal Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_with_Jane_Pauley=Real Life with Jane Pauley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcher_&_Welcher=Welcher & Welcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentro=Sentro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Newsroom=CNN Newsroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter_4=The Ultimate Fighter 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_New_Generation=Up New Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TigerSharks=TigerSharks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jekyll_(TV_series)=Jekyll (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_'n'_Blood_(TV_series)=Flesh 'n' Blood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skunked_TV=Skunked TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinky_Dinky_Doo=Pinky Dinky Doo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Odyssey_(TV_series)=Ocean Odyssey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jokers_Wild_(TV_series)=Jokers Wild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.S._I_Luv_U=P.S. I Luv U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_News=Big News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_sto_Dexi=Vera sto Dexi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_ABC=PBA on ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Big_Brother_2=Celebrity Big Brother 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshly_Squeezed=Freshly Squeezed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_and_Everyone=Always and Everyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Enquirer_TV=National Enquirer TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonelygirl15=Lonelygirl15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Back_Time_(TV_series)=Turn Back Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ray_Bradbury_Theater=The Ray Bradbury Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Shots=Small Shots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_NBN/IBC=PBA on NBN/IBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plastic_Man_Comedy/Adventure_Show=The Plastic Man Comedy/Adventure Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivir_un_poco=Vivir un poco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_House_(Ireland)=Open House (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NJN_News=NJN News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Trenton=Inside Trenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Doo!_Let's_Go_to_School=Sang Doo! Let's Go to School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measure_of_Man=Measure of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lira_(1992_TV_series)=Lira (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_(TV_series)=Madison (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mike_O'Malley_Show=The Mike O'Malley Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Total_Access=NFL Total Access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Week_in_Politics=This Week in Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Nastya=Poor Nastya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggi_&_Me=Maggi & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_with_Her=I'm with Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Court_(TV_series)=Crown Court (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Ipswich=East of Ipswich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Entertain_You_(2006_TV_series)=Let Me Entertain You (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Addams_Family_(1964_TV_series)=The Addams Family (1964 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorr=Shorr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_and_Joey=Mel and Joey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonds_on_Bonds=Bonds on Bonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Story_Studios=Incredible Story Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_Brothers=Junk Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittle_(game_show)=Whittle (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Can_Dance=U Can Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salo-Salo_Together_(SST)=Salo-Salo Together (SST)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Force:_Behind_the_Line=The Force: Behind the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_and_Display_(TV_series)=Pay and Display (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_News_(TV_series)=Breaking News (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savages_(TV_series)=The Savages (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_Passionate=Con Passionate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_(TV_documentary)=Invasion (TV documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgical_Spirit_(TV_series)=Surgical Spirit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild,_Wild_Women=Wild, Wild Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedi_7=Wedi 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollyoaks:_In_the_City=Hollyoaks: In the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSNBC_Documentaries=MSNBC Documentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_(miniseries)=Pearl (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_(TV_series)=Pearl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(Hong_Kong)=Deal or No Deal (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newyddion=Newyddion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Items_or_Less_(TV_series)=10 Items or Less (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Star_Cinema=Small Star Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Two_Step=Christmas Two Step
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Metal=Hot Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Adventure:_Stories_from_the_Bible=The Greatest Adventure: Stories from the Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Chuzzlewit_(TV_series)=Martin Chuzzlewit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HGTV_Star=HGTV Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Venus_Show=House of Venus Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Friday=Football Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(2002_TV_series)=Friends (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noh_Matta_Wat!=Noh Matta Wat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Superman/Aquaman_Hour_of_Adventure=The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Ranger=Sport Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-A-Days=Two-A-Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_Command=Crisis Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primer_Impacto=Primer Impacto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_(TV_series)=The Immortal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_News=New York News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_(1978_TV_series)=Mary (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_J_Wentworth,_BA=A J Wentworth, BA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mary_Tyler_Moore_Hour=The Mary Tyler Moore Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_and_Cheer_(variety_show)=Stand Up and Cheer (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_(1985_TV_series)=Mary (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Ilegal=TV Ilegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosita_Rica=Cosita Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Amazonas=Las Amazonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Batman=The Adventures of Batman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Batman/Superman_Hour=The Batman/Superman Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquaman_(TV_series)=Aquaman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Secrets=Sexual Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abigail_and_Roger=Abigail and Roger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Creatures=The X Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Actor's_Life_For_Me=An Actor's Life For Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Quite_Human_(film)=Not Quite Human (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Face_(TV_series)=About Face (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimecall=Crimecall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_No_Questions=Ask No Questions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinatra_(TV_program)=Sinatra (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_and_Steve's_Video_Game_Explosion=Dave and Steve's Video Game Explosion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hechizo_de_Amor=Hechizo de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Evil=Most Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Customs=Undercover Customs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_(TV_series)=Uranium (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_&_Retribution=Trial & Retribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killian_Curse=The Killian Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket_on_Five=Cricket on Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joke's_on_Us=The Joke's on Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Record_(BBC_TV_series)=On the Record (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Just_Play_Go_Healthy_Challenge=Let's Just Play Go Healthy Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Gorda_Bella=Mi Gorda Bella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_Enemiga=Dulce Enemiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_(telenovela)=Samantha (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_of_the_GoBots=Challenge of the GoBots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat=The Fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Contract=Love Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease:_You're_the_One_That_I_Want!=Grease: You're the One That I Want!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Begins_(TV_series)=Life Begins (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidstreet=Kidstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vroom_Vroom=Vroom Vroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Rescues=Wild Rescues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickelodeon_Robot_Wars=Nickelodeon Robot Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backyard_Habitat=Backyard Habitat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K9_Karma=K9 Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwik_Witz=Kwik Witz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_Hay_Pasion=Cuando Hay Pasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calypso_(telenovela)=Calypso (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Line=The Next Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Urban_Disasters=Surviving Urban Disasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Duets=Celebrity Duets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugby_Special=Rugby Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_On=What's On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_the_Tap-Dancing_Horse=Marvin the Tap-Dancing Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie's_Kitchen_Australia=Jamie's Kitchen Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner_(TV_series)=The Winner (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Job=La Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(season_3)=The Biggest Loser (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Again%3F=You Again?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuntdawgs=Stuntdawgs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_David_Lander=This is David Lander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Lear_(1983_TV_programme)=King Lear (1983 TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifi_and_the_Flowertots=Fifi and the Flowertots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_River_to_Motor_City=Across the River to Motor City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stir_Crazy_(TV_series)=Stir Crazy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Roughies=Orange Roughies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Girl's_Guide=The Bad Girl's Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Orrible='Orrible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Burns_Comedy_Week=George Burns Comedy Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Rebels=The Young Rebels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Superboy_(TV_series)=The Adventures of Superboy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Tower_(Harvard_Undergraduate_Television)=Ivory Tower (Harvard Undergraduate Television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantasy_Show=The Fantasy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewing_with_Nancy=Sewing with Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Aggie=The Adventures of Aggie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Brigadier_Wellington-Bull=The Adventures of Brigadier Wellington-Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportscene=Sportscene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charlotte_Church_Show=The Charlotte Church Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Nightly_News=ITV Nightly News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finder_(Australian_TV_series)=The Finder (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agony_Again=Agony Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respectable_(TV_series)=Respectable (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_(UK_TV_series)=Shane (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Wars_(TV_series)=Street Wars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Orange_County=The Real Housewives of Orange County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsWatch_(Philippine_TV_program)=NewsWatch (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bootleg_(TV_serial)=Bootleg (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Misbehavin'_(TV_series)=Ain't Misbehavin' (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Airbase=The Airbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Klang=We Are Klang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nargess_(TV_series)=Nargess (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hec_Ramsey=Hec Ramsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giddy_Game_Show=The Giddy Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Mine_(film)=Giant Mine (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patent_Bending=Patent Bending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chicago_Teddy_Bears=The Chicago Teddy Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_Heroes=Aqua Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Disasters=Mega Disasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Now!=Comedy Now!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_(TV_series)=Dragon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corwin's_Quest=Corwin's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Nikki=Princess Nikki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taratata=Taratata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_pecado_de_Oyuki=El pecado de Oyuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It'll_Be_Alright_on_the_Night=It'll Be Alright on the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Love_(2004_TV_series)=Forbidden Love (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Worst_(UK)=Best of the Worst (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_and_Victoria=Albert and Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canadians_(TV_series)=The Canadians (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu,_CA_(TV_series)=Malibu, CA (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Cops:_Phoenix=Animal Cops: Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruri_no_Shima=Ruri no Shima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator:_The_Sarah_Connor_Chronicles=Terminator: The Sarah Connor Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheel_of_Fortune_(UK_game_show)=Wheel of Fortune (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcock_and_Gander=Alcock and Gander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Britpop_Story=The Britpop Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_the_Greatest=Alexander the Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indoor_League=The Indoor League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Premiership_(TV_series)=The Premiership (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderstruck=Wonderstruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchacha_italiana_viene_a_casarse_(Mexican_telenovela)=Muchacha italiana viene a casarse (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(TV_series)=Wonderland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekicks_(1974_film)=Sidekicks (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDA_Show_of_Strength=MDA Show of Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Pleasure_Beach=Tales from Pleasure Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Classic_Tales=Famous Classic Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discover_Russian=Discover Russian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vier_gegen_Z=Vier gegen Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_Up=Close Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Genius!=That's Genius!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_at_No_20=All at No 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_House_(TV_series)=Summer House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawman_(TV_series)=Lawman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Icon=Football Icon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPNU_College_Basketball=ESPNU College Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPNU_College_Football=ESPNU College Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Dr._Drew=Strictly Dr. Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parental_Control=Parental Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Without_a_Gun=Man Without a Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Pimpernel_(TV_series)=The Scarlet Pimpernel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crocodile_Hunter_Diaries=The Crocodile Hunter Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croc_Files=Croc Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_Good_Faith=All in Good Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_Out=Roll Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctors_and_Nurses_(TV_series)=Doctors and Nurses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/969_(TV_series)=969 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Spin=The Big Spin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beg,_Borrow_&_Deal=Beg, Borrow & Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Canadian_Invention=The Greatest Canadian Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Night_Long_(TV_series)=All Night Long (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Our_Saturdays=All Our Saturdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsroom_(BBC_programme)=Newsroom (BBC programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Albany=Inside Albany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guest_House_(TV_series)=Guest House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munchies_(TV_series)=Munchies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Files:_Unlocked=Police Files: Unlocked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinakamamahal=Pinakamamahal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Mother_Makes_Three=...And Mother Makes Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Earth=Sunrise Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Mother_Makes_Five=...And Mother Makes Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Seven_(TV_series)=The Magnificent Seven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handy_Manny=Handy Manny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trippin=Trippin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPNU_Recruiting_Insider=ESPNU Recruiting Insider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Math_Patrol=Math Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_of_Elliot_Mouse=The Untouchables of Elliot Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Capp_(TV_series)=Andy Capp (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evacuation_(TV_series)=Evacuation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkey_Television=Turkey Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Cariboo=Camp Cariboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabado_Barkada=Sabado Barkada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPNU_Inside_the_Polls=ESPNU Inside the Polls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Zero=Jonny Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Family_Robinson_(1974_TV_series)=Swiss Family Robinson (1974 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night,_Saturday_Morning=Friday Night, Saturday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom_of_the_Gnomes=Wisdom of the Gnomes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_on_Art=Rolf on Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slap_Bang_with_Ant_&_Dec=Slap Bang with Ant & Dec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artful_Dodger_(TV_series)=The Artful Dodger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Good_Cooks_Go=As Good Cooks Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jornal_Nacional=Jornal Nacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_Chronicles_(miniseries)=The Martian Chronicles (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Schoolbreak_Special=CBS Schoolbreak Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_(TV_series)=Equinox (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_of_Cakes=Ace of Cakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watson_Report=The Watson Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Velvet_(TV_series)=National Velvet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Dream_(TV_miniseries)=The National Dream (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whiteoaks_of_Jalna=The Whiteoaks of Jalna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine's_Day_(TV_series)=Valentine's Day (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Television_Workshop=CBS Television Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Kisses_(TV_series)=Love and Kisses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_School_(UK_TV_series)=Play School (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_It_Up_(UK_TV_series)=Living It Up (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Juliet_(TV_series)=Tokyo Juliet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Started_With_a_Kiss_(TV_series)=It Started With a Kiss (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Rails_(TV_series)=Off the Rails (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(Sweden)=Deal or No Deal (Sweden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/500_Nations=500 Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swak_na_Swak=Swak na Swak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basta_Sports=Basta Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_Australia=Stand Up Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underground_(TV_series)=The Underground (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Bites_(TV_series)=Love Bites (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zimmer_Twins=The Zimmer Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur's_Treasured_Volumes=Arthur's Treasured Volumes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Untouchables_(1993_TV_series)=The Untouchables (1993 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arthur_Askey_Show=The Arthur Askey Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Pity_the_Fool_(TV_series)=I Pity the Fool (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Paladin_(TV_series)=Chinese Paladin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKeever_and_the_Colonel=McKeever and the Colonel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atletico_Partick=Atletico Partick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnibus_(U.S._TV_series)=Omnibus (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrio_19=Barrio 19
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Root_Into_Europe=Root Into Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telescope_(TV_series)=Telescope (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grinch_Grinches_the_Cat_in_the_Hat=The Grinch Grinches the Cat in the Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Playhouse=Westinghouse Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Shmoo=The New Shmoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Shores_(TV_series)=Distant Shores (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Live_Desk=The Live Desk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_International=Science International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do,_Let's_Eat=I Do, Let's Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon_(talk_show)=Sharon (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_City_(TV_series)=Murder City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Houndcats=The Houndcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BJ_and_Dirty_Dragon_Show=The BJ and Dirty Dragon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle_(TV_series)=Doctor Dolittle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barkleys=The Barkleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey's_Comets=Bailey's Comets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_&_Mark's_TMi_Friday=Sam & Mark's TMi Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_Over_Me=Watch Over Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headmaster_(TV_series)=Headmaster (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Stories=Star Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Andy_Griffith_Show=The New Andy Griffith Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_of_Alien_Detectors=Bureau of Alien Detectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_&_John_to_the_Rescue!=Chris & John to the Rescue!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry's_Mad=Harry's Mad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duety_do_Mety=Duety do Mety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Touch=The Evil Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Necessities_(TV_series)=Bare Necessities (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_the_House_of_Blues=Live from the House of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Lama's=De Lama's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkshow_with_Spike_Feresten=Talkshow with Spike Feresten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_en_Marsha=John en Marsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_Vintage_Sports=PBA on Vintage Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_with_the_Arts=Breakfast with the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrum_V=Scrum V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Sterling=Mister Sterling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Adventures_of_Pedro_Penduko=Da Adventures of Pedro Penduko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Two-Two_(TV_series)=Jacob Two-Two (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dooley_and_Pals_Show=The Dooley and Pals Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estoy_Por_Ti=Estoy Por Ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_Like_to_Meet=Would Like to Meet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(1983_TV_series)=The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1983 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_for_Cats_(TV_series)=Cool for Cats (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Dolls:_Sex_Trade=Russian Dolls: Sex Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Score=Final Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drew_Carey_Show=The Drew Carey Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Southern_Mindanao=TV Patrol Southern Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Kids=Cave Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Finlay=Doctor Finlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_Power=Knowledge Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Showcase=High School Showcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Heiress=American Heiress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiot_Weekly,_Price_2d=The Idiot Weekly, Price 2d
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Show_Called_Fred=A Show Called Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Fred=Son of Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Business=World Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_(TV_series)=Diana (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardwood_Classics=Hardwood Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMT_Crossroads=CMT Crossroads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_le_Magi-chien=Archibald le Magi-chien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgo's_Catch_Phrase=Burgo's Catch Phrase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jejak_Rasul=Jejak Rasul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Ladders=Lucky Ladders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oireachtas_Report=Oireachtas Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scout's_Safari=Scout's Safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAPD:_Life_on_the_Beat=LAPD: Life on the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-Ed_Fever=Co-Ed Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_24=Final 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordertown_(1989_TV_series)=Bordertown (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperately_Seeking_Something=Desperately Seeking Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuyaw!=Kuyaw!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skatoony=Skatoony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Boyband=Totally Boyband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayman:_The_Animated_Series=Rayman: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_and_Rescue_(TV_series)=Search and Rescue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPNU_Coaches_Spotlight=ESPNU Coaches Spotlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korg:_70,000_B.C.=Korg: 70,000 B.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmidt_&_Pocher=Schmidt & Pocher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPNews_Gametime=ESPNews Gametime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Star_Are_You_From=Which Star Are You From
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Action_Star=Next Action Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Stupid=World of Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_II=The Parent Trap II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_House=Clean House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland_AM=Ireland AM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di-Gata_Defenders=Di-Gata Defenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanorama=Japanorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_(TV_series)=Empty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Murphy=Father Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Game=Good Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazer_Tag_Academy=Lazer Tag Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Idol=Music Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Guide_to_Parenting=The Complete Guide to Parenting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperNews!=SuperNews!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Reason=Beyond Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mrs_Merton_Show=The Mrs Merton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toronto_Show=The Toronto Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Hot_Tracks=New York Hot Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfoot_Presents:_Meteor_and_the_Mighty_Monster_Trucks=Bigfoot Presents: Meteor and the Mighty Monster Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Not_to_Wear_(U.S._TV_series)=What Not to Wear (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle's_Progress=Turtle's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stationary_Ark_(TV_series)=The Stationary Ark (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_(Swedish_TV_series)=Idol (Swedish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signing_Time!=Signing Time!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Got_Talent=Australia's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Daggers=Flying Daggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Romance=Mr. Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Cheerleader_Playoffs=NFL Cheerleader Playoffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Robin_Hood=Young Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flashing_Blade=The Flashing Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillacs_and_Dinosaurs_(TV_series)=Cadillacs and Dinosaurs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grim_Adventures_of_Billy_&_Mandy=The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Island=Noah's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kekkon_Dekinai_Otoko=Kekkon Dekinai Otoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Home_(Canadian_TV_series)=Almost Home (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Patrol=News Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konstantinou_kai_Elenis=Konstantinou kai Elenis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_(1999_TV_series)=Amazon (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekeines_Kai_Ego=Ekeines Kai Ego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_on_Versus=NHL on Versus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Atlas=Discovery Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Dragon_(TV_series)=Legend of the Dragon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Wealth=Land of Wealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Portraits_with_Rolf_Harris=Star Portraits with Rolf Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beechgrove_Garden=The Beechgrove Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliminator_(game_show)=Eliminator (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Pound_Property_Experiment=Million Pound Property Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Not_to_Decorate=How Not to Decorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Friday_(TV_series)=Girl Friday (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Broadway_Revue=Admiral Broadway Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Genius=The Family Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_of_Current_Issues=Court of Current Issues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Year=What a Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roar_(UK_TV_series)=Roar (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live!Girls!_present_Dogtown=Live!Girls! present Dogtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Tigre:_The_Adventures_of_Manny_Rivera=El Tigre: The Adventures of Manny Rivera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_State_(TV_series)=Bay State (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Burglar=Beat the Burglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Question_(U.S._game_show)=That's the Question (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ark_on_the_Move_(TV_series)=Ark on the Move (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_and_Angelo=Mike and Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hop_Harry=Hip Hop Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Build-Off=Biker Build-Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Patrol=Sea Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conspiracy_Zone=The Conspiracy Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_My_Job=I Hate My Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotlines=Hotlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Henson_Project=The John Henson Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disorderly_Conduct:_Video_on_Patrol=Disorderly Conduct: Video on Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FANatical=FANatical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elly_&_Jools=Elly & Jools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_A_Real_American_Hero_(1989_TV_series)=G.I. Joe: A Real American Hero (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_in:_Pink_at_First_Sight=The Pink Panther in: Pink at First Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Rome:_The_Rise_and_Fall_of_an_Empire=Ancient Rome: The Rise and Fall of an Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Been_Away=She's Been Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_Bill_Show=The Gospel Bill Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Up_to_the_Ball_Game=Take Me Up to the Ball Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayne_Brady_Show=The Wayne Brady Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Lottery_Draw=Philippine Lottery Draw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen's_Acres=Ellen's Acres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula's_Party=Paula's Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_KBS=PBA on KBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_MTV=Club MTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_Viva_TV=PBA on Viva TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Stone=Eli Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zmiennicy=Zmiennicy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Boundaries=Beyond Boundaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_List_(U.S._game_show)=The Rich List (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_Jekyll_and_Harriet_Hyde=Julia Jekyll and Harriet Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Please=Number Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_GameDay_(basketball)=College GameDay (basketball)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirituality_Shopper=Spirituality Shopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man_(2000_TV_series)=The Invisible Man (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Cabaret=The Secret Cabaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaoke_Television=Karaoke Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5th_Wheel=The 5th Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Foot_in_the_Past=One Foot in the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rocco's_Dolce_Vita=David Rocco's Dolce Vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Don_Knotts_Show=The Don Knotts Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Rome_with_Love_(TV_series)=To Rome with Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Lincoln=Matt Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraft_Music_Hall_(TV_series)=Kraft Music Hall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leslie_Uggams_Show=The Leslie Uggams Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzzz!=Bzzz!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockpalast=Rockpalast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Out_There!=Get Out There!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Train_(TV_series)=Ghost Train (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father_Knew_Lloyd_George_(TV_programme)=My Father Knew Lloyd George (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zire_Zamin=Zire Zamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloise:_The_Animated_Series=Eloise: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gregory_Hines_Show=The Gregory Hines Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Spirit_(U.S._TV_series)=Free Spirit (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vas_o_No_Vas_(U.S._game_show)=Vas o No Vas (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2006=Star Awards 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_(TV_program)=The Business (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_on_5=Football on 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_Amazing_Animals=Henry's Amazing Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_vs._100_(U.S._game_show)=1 vs. 100 (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucking_In=Mucking In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realiti=Realiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_8TV_Quickie=The 8TV Quickie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_On_It_(TV_series)=Sleep On It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_(TV_series)=Babar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chad_Vader:_Day_Shift_Manager=Chad Vader: Day Shift Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_After_Dark=Poker After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(Red_Dwarf)=Blue (Red Dwarf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50/50_(children's_game_show)=50/50 (children's game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven:_The_Island=Raven: The Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sez_Les=Sez Les
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Safari_(TVS_TV_series)=On Safari (TVS TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frogs_and_the_Lobsters=The Frogs and the Lobsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_from_Cincinnati=John from Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump!=Bump!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenna's_American_Sex_Star=Jenna's American Sex Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14-sai_no_Haha=14-sai no Haha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoa_Theatre=Alcoa Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hospital_(TV_series)=The Hospital (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H_(TV_series)=H (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_Storytellers=VH1 Storytellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Miracle_(TV_series)=It's a Miracle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Island_One=Space Island One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_and_Joshua:_Nemesis_Rising=Jacob and Joshua: Nemesis Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripping_Over=Tripping Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_On_(TV_series)=Holding On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iranican=Iranican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_(miniseries)=Marco Polo (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Meets_West_(TV_series)=East Meets West (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Hunters=House Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unanimous_(UK_TV_series)=Unanimous (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychic_Detectives=Psychic Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Men_(TV_series)=Little Men (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Petula=The Sound of Petula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_Portrait_(TV_series)=Intimate Portrait (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Son=Vanishing Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Karate_Kid_(TV_series)=The Karate Kid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makin'_It_(TV_series)=Makin' It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janice_Dickinson_Modeling_Agency_(season_1)=The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_Club=Bad Girls Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Dracula=Young Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_GamesFever=My GamesFever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Planet=Our Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beef:_The_Series=Beef: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Days_(TV_series)=Glory Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magpakailanman=Magpakailanman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Seventeen=Miss Seventeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Girls=Surf Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Park_(1983_TV_serial)=Mansfield Park (1983 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Our_Own_(1977_TV_series)=On Our Own (1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_New_York_(TV_series)=I Love New York (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalziel_and_Pascoe_(TV_series)=Dalziel and Pascoe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_With_Love=At Home With Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_You_and_Him=Me, You and Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dame_Edna_Experience=The Dame Edna Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice-T's_Rap_School=Ice-T's Rap School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Club_van_Sinterklaas=De Club van Sinterklaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Cat_Diary=Big Cat Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Money_(CNBC)=Fast Money (CNBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Makeover:_Home_Edition:_How'd_They_Do_That%3F=Extreme Makeover: Home Edition: How'd They Do That?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_in_L.A.=Today in L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrusel=Carrusel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrossel=Carrossel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaamelott=Kaamelott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baseball_Bunch=The Baseball Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_Changing_Planet_Earth%3F=Are We Changing Planet Earth?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._Space=Once Upon a Time... Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._The_Americas=Once Upon a Time... The Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._The_Discoverers=Once Upon a Time... The Discoverers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._The_Explorers=Once Upon a Time... The Explorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_for_It=Mad for It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_(TV_series)=The Business (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andra_(novel)=Andra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upside_Down_Show=The Upside Down Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sash_(TV_series)=Black Sash (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Butcher_(TV_series)=Sons of Butcher (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlstuff/Boystuff=Girlstuff/Boystuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Rush_(Food_Network)=Sugar Rush (Food Network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricky_(TV_series)=Tricky (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandwagon_(TV_series)=Bandwagon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Worst_Witch=The New Worst Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Cupid=Club Cupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Shocking=Most Shocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Diagnosis=Mystery Diagnosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Place_Like_Home_(TV_series)=No Place Like Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Orange:_Slimey_Hollow=Camp Orange: Slimey Hollow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Blinky_Bill=The Adventures of Blinky Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Jets=Generation Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Game:_The_Super_Bowl_Champions=America's Game: The Super Bowl Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_&_Big=Rob & Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnyard_Commandos=Barnyard Commandos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Litre_no_Namida_(TV_series)=1 Litre no Namida (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_with_the_Boss=Break with the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Byrds_of_Paradise=The Byrds of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSNBC_at_the_Movies=MSNBC at the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_lbs=3 lbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Calls_(TV_series)=House Calls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me,_I'm_a_Doctor=Trust Me, I'm a Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligence_(Canadian_TV_series)=Intelligence (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Scissorhands=Celebrity Scissorhands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Magazine=Junior Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Questions=Big Questions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_One_(game_show)=Square One (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_Night_Football=Thursday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepsi_Power_Hour=Pepsi Power Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dragon_(TV_series)=Double Dragon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motormouth=Motormouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunia_Tanpa_Koma=Dunia Tanpa Koma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Money_(U.S._TV_series)=Show Me the Money (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_One_Out=Odd One Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectacular_Spas=Spectacular Spas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Farrah=Chasing Farrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hunters=City Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Minute_with_Stan_Hooper=A Minute with Stan Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kick_Up_the_Eighties=A Kick Up the Eighties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busman's_Holiday=Busman's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_(Dutch_TV_series)=X Factor (Dutch TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Jack=Uncle Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Express_with_Robin_Meade=Morning Express with Robin Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_Top_Toys=James May's Top Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majalah_Tiga=Majalah Tiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peschardt's_People=Peschardt's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment_(TV_series)=That's Entertainment (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Yellow=Sir Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspect_(television)=Suspect (television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmhouse_Kitchen=Farmhouse Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singles_(TV_series)=Singles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homes_Under_the_Hammer=Homes Under the Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chefography=Chefography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_Temple's_Storybook=Shirley Temple's Storybook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Star_Family_Fortunes=All Star Family Fortunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Secretary_(TV_series)=Private Secretary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Roue_de_la_fortune=La Roue de la fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretender_2001=The Pretender 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Cross_Quiz=Criss Cross Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Jordan=Just Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_Canada=Deal or No Deal Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_Life=Sorority Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson's_Real_Deal=Dickinson's Real Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romie-0_and_Julie-8=Romie-0 and Julie-8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crapston_Villas=Crapston Villas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Too_Young=Never Too Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed_of_Hope=Seed of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_Me!_(BBC_TV_series)=Follow Me! (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubeez=Cubeez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefios=Telefios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Clwb_Rygbi=Y Clwb Rygbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_Porn=The Dark Side of Porn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Grow_with_Love=To Grow with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASBO_Teen_to_Beauty_Queen=ASBO Teen to Beauty Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Fit_Club_(U.S._TV_series)=Celebrity Fit Club (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klan_(TV_series)=Klan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Man_Band=Mission Man Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Farm_(TV_series)=Funny Farm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid,_Stupid_Man=Stupid, Stupid Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear_Television_Playhouse=Goodyear Television Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alcoa_Hour=The Alcoa Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Author_Meets_the_Critics=Author Meets the Critics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borat's_Television_Programme=Borat's Television Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Wicked_Games=Wicked Wicked Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despatch_Box=Despatch Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Majeika=Mr Majeika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Touch_of_Frankie_Carle=The Golden Touch of Frankie Carle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchblade_(TV_series)=Witchblade (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fred_Waring_Show=The Fred Waring Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_Within=The State Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charm_School_(TV_series)=Charm School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_11=Captain 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Sensation=Triple Sensation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggs_'n'_Baker=Eggs 'n' Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juken_Sentai_Gekiranger=Juken Sentai Gekiranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenom_(TV_series)=Phenom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Merton_and_Malcolm=Mrs Merton and Malcolm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chris_Isaak_Show=The Chris Isaak Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Re_Ga_Ma_Pa=Sa Re Ga Ma Pa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgorio=Sgorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._of_Ant=U.S. of Ant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Listing_Los_Angeles=Million Dollar Listing Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morey_Amsterdam_Show=The Morey Amsterdam Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okna_(TV_series)=Okna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraternity_Life=Fraternity Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ktsarim=Ktsarim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp_on_Gangs=Ross Kemp on Gangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiot_Box_(TV_series)=The Idiot Box (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palaban=Palaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Lynde_Halloween_Special=The Paul Lynde Halloween Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Grid=In the Grid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jonathan_Winters_Show=The Jonathan Winters Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReBoot:_Daemon_Rising=ReBoot: Daemon Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dare_You:_The_Ultimate_Challenge=I Dare You: The Ultimate Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monastery_(TV_series)=The Monastery (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact:_Stories_of_Survival=Impact: Stories of Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snapped=Snapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosquito_Lake_(TV_series)=Mosquito Lake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comics!=Comics!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumours_(TV_series)=Rumours (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Your_Hunch=Play Your Hunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood's_Talking=Hollywood's Talking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallelujah!_(TV_series)=Hallelujah! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pio_Poli_Tin_Kiriaki=Pio Poli Tin Kiriaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Instinct=Wild Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starveillance=Starveillance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freej=Freej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodsmen=The Woodsmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Years=The Best Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man_(1984_TV_series)=The Invisible Man (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracies_(TV_series)=Conspiracies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Angels=Undercover Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FTL_Newsfeed=FTL Newsfeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Scene_(U.S._TV_series)=Crime Scene (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana_Maulit_Muli=Sana Maulit Muli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV's_Naughtiest_Blunders=TV's Naughtiest Blunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disraeli_(TV_serial)=Disraeli (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_(TV_series)=Grosse Pointe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle's_Boys=Miracle's Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_vs._Wild=Man vs. Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Off-Beats=The Off-Beats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2000=Star Awards 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_at_the_Top=A Year at the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline_(U.S._TV_series)=Airline (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cake_(TV_series)=Cake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zokko=Zokko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider:_Dragon_Knight=Kamen Rider: Dragon Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noghtechin=Noghtechin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Home_and_Family_Show=The Home and Family Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Oky_Doky=The Adventures of Oky Doky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_House_(talkshow)=Power House (talkshow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_Northern_Ireland=Daybreak Northern Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Fisher_Show=The Red Fisher Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickle_on_the_Tum=Tickle on the Tum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RBD:_La_Familia=RBD: La Familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbie,_the_Love_Bug=Herbie, the Love Bug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Jigs_'n'_Reels=Celebrity Jigs 'n' Reels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_It=Wolf It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_the_Pope's_Children=In Search of the Pope's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Dates_with_Barker=Six Dates with Barker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_FIZZ=The FIZZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deputy_(TV_series)=The Deputy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Feather=High Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buck_Shot_Show=The Buck Shot Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Joy=House of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SummerBall=SummerBall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Time_(TV_series)=Chasing Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Derek=Life with Derek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_in_the_Hat_(TV_special)=The Cat in the Hat (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_10+_Pedidos=Los 10+ Pedidos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storyline_(documentary_show)=Storyline (documentary show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roughnecks_(TV_series)=Roughnecks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio's_World_Cup_Wind-Ups=Rio's World Cup Wind-Ups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_West_(TV_series)=Honey West (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Later_(talk_show)=Later (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dinah_Shore_Show=The Dinah Shore Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dinah_Shore_Chevy_Show=The Dinah Shore Chevy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serving_Through_Science=Serving Through Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Patrol=Surf Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Time=Circus Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire_Service=Wire Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carta_blanca=Carta blanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Confidential_(TV_series)=Strictly Confidential (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ronnie_Barker_Playhouse=The Ronnie Barker Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Cowboys_Cheerleaders:_Making_the_Team=Dallas Cowboys Cheerleaders: Making the Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_English=100% English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slammer=The Slammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Warp=Earth Warp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_Harris_(writer)=Karen Harris (writer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Palaces=Tales from the Palaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_Who%3F=Cowboy Who?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_Blvd.=Resurrection Blvd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacemakers_(TV_series)=Peacemakers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksyon_Balita=Aksyon Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barker_Bill's_Cartoon_Show=Barker Bill's Cartoon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_SWAT=Dallas SWAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Tuesday_Book_Club=First Tuesday Book Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Fresh=Get Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_(TV_series)=Wedding (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russell_Brand_Show_(TV_series)=The Russell Brand Show (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boku_dake_no_Madonna=Boku dake no Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confession_(miniseries)=Confession (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_Genius=One Night Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AD/BC:_A_Rock_Opera=AD/BC: A Rock Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_(TV_series)=Born to Be (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_(TV_series)=Harry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2006=American Music Awards of 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_20_Countdown=Top 20 Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_to_Order_(TV_series)=Made to Order (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numbertime=Numbertime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Box=Inside the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.E.L.P.=H.E.L.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggis_Baggis=Haggis Baggis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hail_to_the_Chief_(TV_series)=Hail to the Chief (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Hop=Music Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_the_Job=You've Got the Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_(TV_series)=Dangerous (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codex_(TV_series)=Codex (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge_(season)=Real World/Road Rules Challenge (season)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge_2000=Real World/Road Rules Challenge 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_Battle_of_the_Seasons=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: Battle of the Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Extreme_Challenge=Real World/Road Rules Extreme Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Inferno=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Inferno_II=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Inferno II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_Battle_of_the_Sexes_2=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: Battle of the Sexes 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_Battle_of_the_Sexes=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: Battle of the Sexes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Gauntlet_2=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Gauntlet 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Duel=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Duel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_Fresh_Meat=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: Fresh Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wong_(web_series)=Mr. Wong (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Inferno_3=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Inferno 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(TV_series)=Tomorrow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_You_(TV_series)=All About You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_(South_Korean_miniseries)=Coma (South Korean miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratchy_&_Co.=Scratchy & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bag_(TV_series)=Big Bag (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Shop=Let's Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reel_Game=The Reel Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Show_de_Renny=El Show de Renny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Playlist=Orange Playlist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_at_the_Barnyard=Back at the Barnyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_$128,000_Question=The $128,000 Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Harry_on_the_Boat%3F=Is Harry on the Boat?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_House_(TV_miniseries)=Noble House (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Hockey_Rumble=Road Hockey Rumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackJack_(telemovie)=BlackJack (telemovie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha:_An_American_Girl_Holiday=Samantha: An American Girl Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Monkhouse_Show=The Bob Monkhouse Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_Asylum=Fame Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Fast_(game_show)=Think Fast (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Bug_(1997_film)=The Love Bug (1997 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey's_Cooking_Adventures=Huey's Cooking Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_the_Land=Law of the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boys=My Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Top_10_Countdown=Space Top 10 Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartrand_et_Simonne=Chartrand et Simonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_of_Roses_(TV_series)=Bed of Roses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Asylum=Metal Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Barn_Dance=ABC Barn Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiling_Pasta=Smiling Pasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(U.S._game_show)=Face to Face (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Librarians_(2007_TV_series)=The Librarians (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Shadow_(TV_series)=Rain Shadow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Girls_with_Kris_and_Korina=Morning Girls with Kris and Korina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wajh_al-Qamar=Wajh al-Qamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonda_(TV_series)=Sonda (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Spot_(TV_series)=On the Spot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twist_in_the_Tale_(TV_series)=A Twist in the Tale (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hours=Prince Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Up_(TV_series)=Straight Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_Longstocking_(1969_TV_series)=Pippi Longstocking (1969 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_Dog_(TV_series)=Beware of Dog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_Tales_for_Gruesome_Kids=Grizzly Tales for Gruesome Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_New_York_(TV_series)=Welcome to New York (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Baines=Citizen Baines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Man_(1999_TV_series)=Ladies Man (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Comedy_Shorts=Canadian Comedy Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mommies_(TV_series)=The Mommies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caryl_&_Marilyn:_Real_Friends=Caryl & Marilyn: Real Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_&_Famous=Armed & Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All's_Fair=All's Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayuready%3F=Ayuready?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_on_SportsChannel_America=NHL on SportsChannel America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallax_(TV_series)=Parallax (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Planet=Angry Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy%3F=Conspiracy?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(TV_series)=Matrix (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolce_Vita_(TVB)=Dolce Vita (TVB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardwicke_House=Hardwicke House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_(West_African_TV_series)=Idols (West African TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micawber_(TV_series)=Micawber (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Seachange=The Real Seachange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_the_Red-Nosed_Reindeer_and_the_Island_of_Misfit_Toys=Rudolph the Red-Nosed Reindeer and the Island of Misfit Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(game_show)=Identity (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cody_(TV_series)=Cody (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mentira=La Mentira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_and_Frosty's_Christmas_in_July=Rudolph and Frosty's Christmas in July
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelbase_(TV_series)=Wheelbase (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar's_Hour=Caesar's Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Hiccup=Mr. Hiccup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Business=First Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Sneak_Preview=Saturday Sneak Preview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancy_Derringer=Yancy Derringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closer_(1998_TV_series)=The Closer (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_&_Thief=Police & Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan's_Hope=Ryan's Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Bush=Lil' Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMTV_News_(South)=GMTV News (South)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outhouse=The Outhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Factory_(TV_series)=Fun Factory (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(Fox_TV_series)=The Edge (Fox TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clinic_(TV_series)=The Clinic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_of_the_House=Run of the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magical_Adventures_of_Quasimodo=The Magical Adventures of Quasimodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Guys,_Bad_Guys=Good Guys, Bad Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Inheritance=Great Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Claudius_(TV_series)=I, Claudius (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Conductor's_Thomas_Tales=Mr. Conductor's Thomas Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_the_Great_Powers=The Rise of the Great Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_and_Rhoda=Mary and Rhoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skopje_Fest=Skopje Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mix_(TV_series)=In the Mix (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(2001_TV_series)=The Beast (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugitive_Strike_Force=Fugitive Strike Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robonic_Stooges=The Robonic Stooges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krypton_Factor_(U.S._game_show)=The Krypton Factor (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma_Got_Run_Over_by_a_Reindeer_(film)=Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Jam_(TV_series)=NBA Jam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Tune_(TV_series)=Out of Tune (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Key=The Magic Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Dance_Outdoors=Bill Dance Outdoors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Funniest!=The World's Funniest!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadside_(TV_series)=Broadside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeza=Leeza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gangster_(TV_series)=American Gangster (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopaholic_(TV_series)=Shopaholic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Second_(TV_series)=Split Second (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantracker=Mantracker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Carlin:_Again!=George Carlin: Again!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Food_Live=Great Food Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Punk_Under_God=One Punk Under God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Natasha=Princess Natasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Live_with_Adam_Boulton=Sunday Live with Adam Boulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Orange=Camp Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Takes_Over_Your_School=Nick Takes Over Your School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girlie_Show_(Channel_4)=The Girlie Show (Channel 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oddball_Couple=The Oddball Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Young_Musicians=Eurovision Young Musicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noche_de_Gala=Noche de Gala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Floor_(UK_TV_series)=Back to the Floor (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housewife,_49=Housewife, 49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katts_and_Dog=Katts and Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_vs._100_(Australian_game_show)=1 vs. 100 (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archibald_the_Koala=Archibald the Koala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Scenes_(U.S._TV_series)=Behind the Scenes (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCU:_Serious_Crash_Unit=SCU: Serious Crash Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Show=The Secret Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_We_Really_Love%3F=Did We Really Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Sisters=Four Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hero_Fong_Sai_Yuk=Young Hero Fong Sai Yuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekai_Ninja_Sen_Jiraiya=Sekai Ninja Sen Jiraiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Loop_with_iVillage=In the Loop with iVillage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Wives=Army Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extinct_(TV_series)=Extinct (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG2=TG2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_(TV_series)=Abby (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_the_Dickinsons=Christmas with the Dickinsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bang_(TV_series)=The Big Bang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_in_Tune=Totally in Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Tracy_Beaker_(TV_series)=The Story of Tracy Beaker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Home=The Perfect Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Banquier=Le Banquier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profiles_in_Courage_(TV_series)=Profiles in Courage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PXG=PXG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale's_Supermarket_Sweep=Dale's Supermarket Sweep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colby's_Clubhouse=Colby's Clubhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_Universe=Stargate Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Christmas_(film)=Once Upon a Christmas (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Square_(TV_series)=4 Square (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_(TV_series)=Beyond (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buku_Harian_Nayla=Buku Harian Nayla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Search_(Singaporean_TV_series)=Star Search (Singaporean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sponge_(TV_series)=Sponge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F:_The_Animated_Series=Where's Wally?: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_School=Fight School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangla_Bangers=Bangla Bangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Man_Out_(U.S._TV_series)=Odd Man Out (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Unknown=Journey to the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designed_to_Sell=Designed to Sell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Treasures=A Million Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune:_Million_Pound_Giveaway=Fortune: Million Pound Giveaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Call_(TV_programme)=Late Call (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_Television_(City_Toronto)=Breakfast Television (City Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_Football_League_on_ESPN=Arena Football League on ESPN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Got_Talent=Britain's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision_Dance_Contest=Eurovision Dance Contest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Close_and_Dangerous=Up Close and Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_on_TNT=NASCAR on TNT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest:_Beyond_the_Limit=Everest: Beyond the Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maidens'_Vow=Maidens' Vow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Colorado=Chris Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Husband_and_I_(1987_TV_series)=My Husband and I (1987 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Husband_and_I_(1956_TV_series)=My Husband and I (1956 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronet_Blue=Coronet Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Stress=Executive Stress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Sixteen_(TV_series)=Sweet Sixteen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayside_(TV_series)=Wayside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyforce=Spyforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lose_A_Million=Lose A Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_It_Factor=The It Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Come_Dancing:_It_Takes_Two=Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sam=The Adventures of Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(TV_series)=Rules of Engagement (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babyfather=Babyfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Rochela=Radio Rochela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_and_Eric_Awesome_Show,_Great_Job!=Tim and Eric Awesome Show, Great Job!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungary's_Next_Top_Model=Hungary's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Rivals=Rock Rivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombshell_(TV_series)=Bombshell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacksons_(TV_series)=The Jacksons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter_5=The Ultimate Fighter 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Marlowe,_Private_Eye=Philip Marlowe, Private Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_At_Large=Adrienne At Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Made_It=You Made It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titans_of_Tech=Titans of Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Islanders_(TV_series)=The Islanders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_(TV_series)=The Race (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awesome_Adventures=Awesome Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Invincibles=Les Invincibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Your_Say=Have Your Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_com_Pimenta=Chocolate com Pimenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_and_James's_Big_Wine_Adventure=Oz and James's Big Wine Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bazura_Project=The Bazura Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okey_Ka_Fairy_Ko!=Okey Ka Fairy Ko!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Magazine=Fox Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula:_The_Series=Dracula: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Sonny=Century Sonny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucker_Free=Sucker Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_All-New_Super_Friends_Hour=The All-New Super Friends Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Greatest_Super_Friends=The World's Greatest Super Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Friends:_The_Legendary_Super_Powers_Show=Super Friends: The Legendary Super Powers Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Powers_Team:_Galactic_Guardians=The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Lordship_Entertains=His Lordship Entertains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chand_sitara=Chand sitara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_to_the_VIP=Keys to the VIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Turpin_(TV_series)=Dick Turpin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortoise_Hanba's_Stories=Tortoise Hanba's Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonejacker=Fonejacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannity's_America=Hannity's America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babes_in_the_Wood_(TV_series)=Babes in the Wood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappearing_Britain=Disappearing Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_(TV_series)=Chronicle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Jungle=Naked Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_Show_with_Mike_and_Juliet=The Morning Show with Mike and Juliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Smarter_than_a_5th_Grader%3F_(U.S._game_show)=Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader? (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_Me_Father=Bless Me Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backs_to_the_Land=Backs to the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Room_Only_(1991_TV_programme)=Standing Room Only (1991 TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelors_Walk_(TV_series)=Bachelors Walk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_from_Outer_Space=They Came from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_They_Do_It%3F=How Do They Do It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(1968_TV_film)=Dracula (1968 TV film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Maintenance_90210=High Maintenance 90210
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposed_(MTV_series)=Exposed (MTV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype_(TV_series)=Hype (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda's=Amanda's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Lottery:_In_It_to_Win_It=The National Lottery: In It to Win It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TalkAsia=TalkAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Creepie=Growing Up Creepie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Christie's_Marple=Agatha Christie's Marple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Hour_(TV_series)=The Golden Hour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic_Relief_Does_The_Apprentice=Comic Relief Does The Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betty_White_Show=The Betty White Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_My_Love=Goodbye My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Rain=Meteor Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Universe=Strange Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Duke=Mr. Duke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_in_My_Heart=Star in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Love_Story=Sad Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Year's_Eve_with_Carson_Daly=New Year's Eve with Carson Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Happened_in_Bali=Something Happened in Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Marple_(TV_series)=Miss Marple (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zehu_Ze!=Zehu Ze!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Journal=European Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicey_Business=Dicey Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Treasure_Island_(TV_series)=Return to Treasure Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Silverman_Program=The Sarah Silverman Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Redonda_Internacional=Mesa Redonda Internacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_Really_Short_Report=Disney's Really Short Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Cuts_(TV_series)=Rough Cuts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooftop_Room_Cat=Rooftop Room Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Parade=Star Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_TV=Ang TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net_Cafe_(TV_series)=Net Cafe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lovely_Sam_Soon=My Lovely Sam Soon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(Singapore)=Deal or No Deal (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendy_Barrie_Show=The Wendy Barrie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Up,_Two_Down=Two Up, Two Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhunt_(2001_TV_series)=Manhunt (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_and_One..._Americas=A Thousand and One... Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Line=That's My Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGR=TGR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuMont_Evening_News=DuMont Evening News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Cottage_(TV_series)=The Magic Cottage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numberjacks=Numberjacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameshow_Marathon_(UK_game_show)=Gameshow Marathon (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinah!=Dinah!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cat_Detective=Black Cat Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Secrets_(game_show)=Family Secrets (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Al_Morgan_Show=The Al Morgan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Con_Test=The Con Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_(Philippine_TV_series)=Click (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_It_or_Leave_It_(game_show)=Take It or Leave It (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Diamonds=Blood Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Crackers_(TV_series)=Animal Crackers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules_2007:_Viewers'_Revenge=Road Rules 2007: Viewers' Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mind_of...=In the Mind of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Canada_(TV_series)=O Canada (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F/X:_The_Series=F/X: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutting_Edge_(TV_series)=Cutting Edge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hahamishia_Hakamerit=Hahamishia Hakamerit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_If_(U.S._TV_series)=As If (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_and_Hopkirk_(Deceased)_(2000s_series)=Randall and Hopkirk (Deceased) (2000s series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.I._High=M.I. High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Basement=From the Basement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_to_a_Million=Penny to a Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Your_Average_Travel_Guide=Not Your Average Travel Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strawhatters=The Strawhatters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype_This!=Prototype This!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Stuff:_How_It_Works=Cool Stuff: How It Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surreal_Life:_Fame_Games=The Surreal Life: Fame Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_(TV_series)=Living (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Canadian_Food_Show=Great Canadian Food Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3000_Whys_of_Blue_Cat=3000 Whys of Blue Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Tonight_(Philippine_newscast)=The World Tonight (Philippine newscast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerton_Mill=Summerton Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_Features=Creature Features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Mouse_and_the_Big_Faced_Cat=The Blue Mouse and the Big Faced Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Up=Music Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ms._Adventure=Ms. Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Justice=Swift Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitz=Hitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_Gerry_Robinson_Fix_the_NHS%3F=Can Gerry Robinson Fix the NHS?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janice_Dickinson_Modeling_Agency_(season_2)=The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Mother...Love_Albert=Dear Mother...Love Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ego_trip's_The_(White)_Rapper_Show=Ego trip's The (White) Rapper Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderings_of_Sanmao=Wanderings of Sanmao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ABC_Saturday_Superstar_Movie=The ABC Saturday Superstar Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riches=The Riches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_with_Anne_and_Nick=Good Morning with Anne and Nick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameCenter_CX=GameCenter CX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baby_Borrowers=The Baby Borrowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Hours=100 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glittering_Days=Glittering Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buletin_Utama=Buletin Utama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Corazones=12 Corazones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Life_of_Toys=Secret Life of Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mopatop's_Shop=Mopatop's Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_and_Gladys=Pete and Gladys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickelodeon_Splat!=Nickelodeon Splat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_List_(Australian_game_show)=The Rich List (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuMont_Royal_Theater=DuMont Royal Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caso_Cerrado=Caso Cerrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha-Comedy_Store=Ha-Comedy Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Minutes_(TV_series)=Sixty Minutes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brink_of_Law=The Brink of Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_and_Sam=Stella and Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roy_Rogers_Show=The Roy Rogers Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up_Thailand=What's Up Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FFANY_Shoes_on_Sale=FFANY Shoes on Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_Cove=Passion Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Bordello=Beverly Hills Bordello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Tonight=Star Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Town_Called_Panic=A Town Called Panic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Closing_Bell=European Closing Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Market_Wrap=European Market Wrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Dance_Show=The New Dance Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Batt=Harry Batt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Medicine=Sweet Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Handful_of_Love=A Handful of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minuit,_le_soir=Minuit, le soir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_(telenovela)=Marina (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ern_Westmore_Hollywood_Glamour_Show=The Ern Westmore Hollywood Glamour Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giada's_Weekend_Getaways=Giada's Weekend Getaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Cases_of_Major_Zeman=Thirty Cases of Major Zeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Weddings=Platinum Weddings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jornal_Hoje=Jornal Hoje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfoot_and_Wildboy=Bigfoot and Wildboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Merton:_The_Series=Paul Merton: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pop_'N_Rocker_Game=The Pop 'N Rocker Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Grandes_Portugueses=Os Grandes Portugueses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorway_Patrol=Motorway Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Greed=The Price of Greed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Ready=Camera Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Alley=Cartoon Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_(1986_TV_series)=Dennis the Menace (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DanceLife=DanceLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arena_(Singapore_TV_series)=The Arena (Singapore TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Central_Visayas=TV Patrol Central Visayas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Half_(TV_series)=The Other Half (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verdict_(BBC)=The Verdict (BBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rue_des_Pignons=Rue des Pignons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calabash_Brothers=Calabash Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net_Deception=Net Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxing_from_St._Nicholas_Arena=Boxing from St. Nicholas Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mozart_Band=The Mozart Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Soccer_Report=Fox Soccer Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennesey=Hennesey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_House=Welcome to the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump_Off_Lover=Bump Off Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaser_News_Alert=Chaser News Alert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Best_Backyards=Australia's Best Backyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Shine_(TV_series)=Let It Shine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_War_(TV_series)=Cold War (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Exchange_(CNBC_World)=Foreign Exchange (CNBC World)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghe_Mozaffar=Baghe Mozaffar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Death...=Till Death...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zire_Tigh=Zire Tigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Forest,_My_Home=Green Forest, My Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maui_Fever=Maui Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogmanay_Live=Hogmanay Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veliki_brat=Veliki brat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Estate=The Singing Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tudors=The Tudors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kind_of_Music=My Kind of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Know_You're_Born=You Don't Know You're Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(Climax!)=Casino Royale (Climax!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_III=The Parent Trap III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent_Trap_IV:_Hawaiian_Honeymoon=The Parent Trap IV: Hawaiian Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil,_Diya,_Dehleez_(TV_series)=Dil, Diya, Dehleez (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Murray's_Happy_Hour=Al Murray's Happy Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie:_It's_Me=Maggie: It's Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx_Is_Burning=The Bronx Is Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brady_Bunch_35th_Anniversary_Reunion_Special:_Still_Brady_After_All_These_Years=The Brady Bunch 35th Anniversary Reunion Special: Still Brady After All These Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_People_(TV_series)=We the People (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pyramid_Game=The Pyramid Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_VIII_(TV_serial)=Henry VIII (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specials_(TV_series)=Specials (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyEye=SkyEye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreaming_Girl=The Dreaming Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punchlines=Punchlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_at_the_Top=Trouble at the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Days=Five Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamspaces=Dreamspaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules:_Europe=Road Rules: Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules:_Northern_Trail=Road Rules: Northern Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules:_Latin_America=Road Rules: Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules:_Maximum_Velocity_Tour=Road Rules: Maximum Velocity Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunkerville=Lunkerville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Significant_Others_(2004_TV_series)=Significant Others (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lab_Rats=Lab Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backup_(TV_series)=Backup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsolved_History=Unsolved History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Looking_Glass=In the Looking Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vice_(TV_series)=The Vice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscle_(TV_series)=Muscle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saturday_Starship=The Saturday Starship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Password_Plus_and_Super_Password=Password Plus and Super Password
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundy's_Wonders=Grundy's Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocence_Project=The Innocence Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Patrol=Beach Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Purple_(TV_series)=Alvin Purple (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_School=Safari School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Stories_(1997_TV_series)=Ghost Stories (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasp_Man=Wasp Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greg_Behrendt_Show=The Greg Behrendt Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseland_(TV_series)=Horseland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Nightmares=Kitchen Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geared_Up=Geared Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnabout_(game_show)=Turnabout (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeTipul=BeTipul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News:_Politics=CBC News: Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koffee_with_DD=Koffee with DD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Woman=Mystery Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tugboat_Annie=The Adventures of Tugboat Annie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jake_Effect=The Jake Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_for_Time_(game_show)=Playing for Time (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Time=Celebrity Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(miniseries)=Great Expectations (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karamchand=Karamchand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mistress_(TV_series)=The Mistress (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperados_(TV_series)=Desperados (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newswatch_(TV_series)=Newswatch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Harlock_and_the_Queen_of_a_Thousand_Years=Captain Harlock and the Queen of a Thousand Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2057_(TV_series)=2057 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Torque=Car Torque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Abbey_Road=Live from Abbey Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strutter_(TV_series)=Strutter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupidon_Mouse=Cupidon Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_(TV_series)=The Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Time=Adventure Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasmo=Plasmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madden_Nation=Madden Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Dogs_(TV_series)=Sleeping Dogs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ties_(TV_series)=Blood Ties (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Animals_(TV_series)=Party Animals (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Brothers_Band_(TV_series)=The Naked Brothers Band (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease_Is_the_Word=Grease Is the Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_in_Clover=Two in Clover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueprint_for_Disaster=Blueprint for Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Fever=Gold Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fried_(TV_series)=Fried (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catch-Up=The Catch-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_Again_(TV_series)=On the Road Again (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikebukuro_West_Gate_Park_(TV_series)=Ikebukuro West Gate Park (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Only_Love=My Only Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(TV_series)=Sanctuary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Newsroom=America's Newsroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Spider's_Sunny_Patch_Friends=Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexcetera=Sexcetera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(U.S._TV_series)=The Apprentice (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Will_I_Be_Famous%3F_(TV_series)=When Will I Be Famous? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabela_(TV_series)=Arabela (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contenders=The Contenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_with_the_Australian_Women's_Weekly=Fresh with the Australian Women's Weekly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denjin_Zaborger=Denjin Zaborger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunday_Show=The Sunday Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Rupert_Bear=The Adventures of Rupert Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_(TV_series)=Rupert (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_Bear,_Follow_the_Magic...=Rupert Bear, Follow the Magic...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_of_Waverly_Place=Wizards of Waverly Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No._73=No. 73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women:_Stories_of_Passion=Women: Stories of Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bear's_Island=The Bear's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Diamond_(TV_series)=Rough Diamond (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_Like_Us_(TV_series)=Thieves Like Us (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraordinary_People_(2003_TV_series)=Extraordinary People (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_Ever_After_(TV_series)=Happily Ever After (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazos_de_Amor=Lazos de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Shots_(TV_series)=Hot Shots (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honey_for_Tea=Honey for Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parental_Guidance_(TV_series)=Parental Guidance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snub_TV=Snub TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley's_Believe_It_or_Not!_(TV_series)=Ripley's Believe It or Not! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Zorro,_la_espada_y_la_rosa=El Zorro, la espada y la rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundy's_Northern_Pride=Grundy's Northern Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_and_Sinners_(1962_TV_series)=Saints and Sinners (1962 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juvies=Juvies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Plus_Network=Sports Plus Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Panther_in:_Olym-Pinks=The Pink Panther in: Olym-Pinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Island_Parish=An Island Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickens_in_America=Dickens in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Eye_w/Greg_Gutfeld=Red Eye w/Greg Gutfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.k.a._Pablo=A.k.a. Pablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Full_Motty=The Full Motty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_El_Fan=Studio El Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Connolly's_World_Tour_of_England,_Ireland_and_Wales=Billy Connolly's World Tour of England, Ireland and Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_and_Me=Leo and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_on_TBS=NBA on TBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Start_(TV_series)=Head Start (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_(Australian_TV_series)=Heartland (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_O'Clock_Rock=Six O'Clock Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Me_(TV_series)=You and Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Noah_and_His_Magical_Ark=Captain Noah and His Magical Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Britain_Whizz=Round Britain Whizz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Pursuit_(1984_TV_series)=Hot Pursuit (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kama_Sutra_(TV_series)=Kama Sutra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_MTV=Dial MTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authored_documentary=Authored documentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gina's_Laughing_Gear=Gina's Laughing Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN2_College_Football_Friday_Primetime=ESPN2 College Football Friday Primetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Richer...For_Poorer=For Richer...For Poorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S1ngles=S1ngles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Hija_del_Jardinero=La Hija del Jardinero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Giant=Human Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavor_of_Love_(season_1)=Flavor of Love (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavor_of_Love_(season_2)=Flavor of Love (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_(TV_series)=Burnside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy's_Farm=Jimmy's Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Think_of_Something=We'll Think of Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlag_den_Raab=Schlag den Raab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puttin'_on_the_Hits=Puttin' on the Hits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ski_Sunday=Ski Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Look_(MSNBC_program)=First Look (MSNBC program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_Child_(TV_series)=Problem Child (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Calls=Night Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Hospital:_Night_Shift=General Hospital: Night Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richard_Blackwood_Show=The Richard Blackwood Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squawk_Box_Europe=Squawk Box Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Squawk_Box=Asia Squawk Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Lunch_Europe=Power Lunch Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_Tonight=Europe Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poochini's_Yard=Poochini's Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlow_at_Large=Barlow at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Ripper_(1973_TV_series)=Jack the Ripper (1973 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softly,_Softly:_Taskforce=Softly, Softly: Taskforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Verdict=Second Verdict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sex_Inspectors=The Sex Inspectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_Files=UFO Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Under_Fire=Faith Under Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannay_(TV_series)=Hannay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Knock_episodes=List of The Knock episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_X_(Spanish_TV_series)=Factor X (Spanish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Awakenings=Rude Awakenings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Winners=100 Winners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_(2003_TV_series)=StarStruck (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janus_(TV_series)=Janus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundstage_(TV_series)=Soundstage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Beyond=The World Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLS_Primetime_Thursday=MLS Primetime Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Potential=Hidden Potential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingtown=Swingtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Club_(Russia)=Comedy Club (Russia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romany_Jones=Romany Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disasterpiece_Theatre=Disasterpiece Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Choice_(TV_series)=The People's Choice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_Amores=Son Amores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flintstone_Christmas=A Flintstone Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forza_Motorsport_Showdown=Forza Motorsport Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stumpers_(game_show)=Stumpers (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Tribute_to_the_Troops=WWE Tribute to the Troops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_of_the_Family=Star of the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drudge_(TV_series)=Drudge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offsiders=Offsiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimming_Success=Trimming Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre_Foods_with_Andrew_Zimmern=Bizarre Foods with Andrew Zimmern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sell_This_House=Sell This House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Ruled_the_World=When Ruled the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Screen_Test=Your Screen Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiznation_(U.S._game_show)=Quiznation (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Coast_Congressional_Report=Gulf Coast Congressional Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Fate=Hard Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondi_Rescue=Bondi Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drive_of_Life=The Drive of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Central_(Philippine_TV_program)=News Central (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gross!=Gross!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magda_M.=Magda M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortified=Mortified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okres_na_severu_(TV_series)=Okres na severu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headliners_(TV_series)=Headliners (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappearing_London=Disappearing London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadratics=Quadratics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear,_Stress_&_Anger=Fear, Stress & Anger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python_Live_at_Aspen=Monty Python Live at Aspen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_(UK_TV_series)=The Block (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21c_(TV_series)=21c (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alan_Thicke_Show=The Alan Thicke Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Plunge=Take the Plunge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleo_the_Misfit_Unicorn=Kleo the Misfit Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Runamuck=Camp Runamuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HolbyBlue=HolbyBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graham_Norton_Show=The Graham Norton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Eye_TV=Private Eye TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Semester=Sunrise Semester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(TV_series)=Notorious (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Tai_Chi_(TV_series)=The Master of Tai Chi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gublins_(TV_series)=The Gublins (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Firsts=Comedy Firsts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Street_(TV_series)=Hudson Street (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_(variety_show)=Guess (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitten_im_8en=Mitten im 8en
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Idol=Vietnam Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seismic_Seconds=Seismic Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_48=The First 48
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extr@=Extr@
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Conditions=Epic Conditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Flying_Bears=The Little Flying Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_House_(2004_TV_series)=The Big House (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_This_House=Move This House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Action=NBA Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPBA_(TV_series)=IPBA (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasquatch_Mountain=Sasquatch Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Girls=College Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Breeze_(TV_series)=Summer Breeze (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_Television=Spirit of Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverine_and_the_X-Men_(TV_series)=Wolverine and the X-Men (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_Grace_(TV_series)=Nancy Grace (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Prosecutor_(UK_TV_series)=Crown Prosecutor (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Swing_(game_show)=Full Swing (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melodi_Grand_Prix_Junior=Melodi Grand Prix Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Queen_(TV_series)=The Snow Queen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_Money=War of Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny's_Golden_Quest=Jonny's Golden Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Fix_Meals_with_Robin_Miller=Quick Fix Meals with Robin Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner:_Impossible=Dinner: Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_land,_ter_zee_en_in_de_lucht=Te land, ter zee en in de lucht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaching_for_the_Skies=Reaching for the Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Numbers_(TV_series)=Lucky Numbers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_In_Your_Shoes=A Walk In Your Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_French's_Girls_Who_Do_Comedy=Dawn French's Girls Who Do Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_a_Life_(UK_TV_series)=Get a Life (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difference_of_Opinion=Difference of Opinion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGP_Nordic=MGP Nordic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Saturday_Nightmares=USA Saturday Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sine_Totoo=Sine Totoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpenters...Space_Encounters=The Carpenters...Space Encounters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montecristo_(Argentine_telenovela)=Montecristo (Argentine telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wail_of_the_Banshee=Wail of the Banshee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France's_Next_Top_Model=France's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggar_My_Neighbour_(TV_series)=Beggar My Neighbour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Ever_After_(UK_TV_series)=Happy Ever After (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_and_Julian=Terry and Julian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Slagalica=TV Slagalica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eustace_Bros.=The Eustace Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_First_Beat=On the First Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMT_Most_Wanted_Live=CMT Most Wanted Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor*Ology=Doctor*Ology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1/2_Hour_News_Hour=The 1/2 Hour News Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Inventions=Ancient Inventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scully:_The_World_Show=Scully: The World Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigo_(show)=Amigo (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Henry_(TV_series)=After Henry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavemen_(TV_series)=Cavemen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chased_by_Dinosaurs=Chased by Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christabel_(1988_TV_drama)=Christabel (1988 TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakekang=Bakekang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Hollyoaks_spin-offs=List of Hollyoaks spin-offs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_American_Dream_Vote=The Great American Dream Vote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dice:_Undisputed=Dice: Undisputed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_Colors=Sound of Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Suburbia=Murder in Suburbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Date_with_Luyu=A Date with Luyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic_Relief_Does_Fame_Academy=Comic Relief Does Fame Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sporting_Triangles=Sporting Triangles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_(TV_series)=Greek (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ina_Ray_Hutton_Show=The Ina Ray Hutton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_It_Rich_(radio-TV)=Strike It Rich (radio-TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Heartbeat=Sunshine Heartbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Egg_Race=The Great Egg Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Man=Fantastic Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whizz_Whizz_Bang_Bang=Whizz Whizz Bang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popopo=Popopo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Blinky_Bill=The New Adventures of Blinky Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Oz=Lost in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_an_Empire=Engineering an Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Bells=The Wedding Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_&_Sinners_(2007_TV_series)=Saints & Sinners (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Jim=Faces of Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent-a-Goalie=Rent-a-Goalie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celebrity_Apprentice=The Celebrity Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_and_Drink=Food and Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scars_(TV_series)=Scars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Minds_(TV_series)=Dangerous Minds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Dog_School=Celebrity Dog School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_That_Shook_the_World=Days That Shook the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steam_Room=The Steam Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Scurvy_Rascals=Those Scurvy Rascals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Watching_the_Kids%3F=Who's Watching the Kids?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica:_Razor=Battlestar Galactica: Razor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Grace_(TV_series)=Saving Grace (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collectors_(TV_series)=Collectors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Stone_Is_Dead=Ed Stone Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_(Australian_TV_program)=Insight (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Black=Living Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Muminfamilie=Die Muminfamilie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Story_(radio_and_TV_series)=The Big Story (radio and TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_(TV_series)=Chuck (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceptable.TV=Acceptable.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unscripted_with_Chris_Connelly=Unscripted with Chris Connelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesudarim=Mesudarim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Special_Investigations_Unit=CNN Special Investigations Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_World_of_Weird=Wonderful World of Weird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounters_(TV_series)=Encounters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vault_(game_show)=The Vault (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_They_Do_That%3F=How Do They Do That?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline_London=Dateline London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comics_Unleashed=Comics Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Rescue_Solbrain=Super Rescue Solbrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Cannon_Presents:_Short_Circuitz=Nick Cannon Presents: Short Circuitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_Rhythms=Caribbean Rhythms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Best_Thing_(TV_series)=The Next Best Thing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6ixth_Sense=6ixth Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_Death_Do_Us_Part:_Carmen_and_Dave='Til Death Do Us Part: Carmen and Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Wood_As_Seen_On_TV=Victoria Wood As Seen On TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Privilegio_de_Amar=El Privilegio de Amar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Brothers_(2007_TV_series)=Ten Brothers (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impostora=Impostora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybernet=Cybernet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loaded_(Fuse_TV_series)=Loaded (Fuse TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Works=The Body Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Land_of_Allakazam=The Magic Land of Allakazam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshua_Jones_(TV_series)=Joshua Jones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/URBO:_The_Adventures_of_Pax_Afrika=URBO: The Adventures of Pax Afrika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1954_TV_series)=Sherlock Holmes (1954 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Fried_Home_Videos=Country Fried Home Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kombat_Opera_Presents=Kombat Opera Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanged_Man_(TV_series)=The Hanged Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Case_for_the_Court=A Case for the Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teka_Mona=Teka Mona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pojken_med_guldbyxorna=Pojken med guldbyxorna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_Around_With=Fool Around With
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_of_the_Pops=Top Gear of the Pops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veep_(TV_series)=Veep (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Bingo_Night_(U.S._game_show)=National Bingo Night (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_to_the_Animals_(TV_series)=Talk to the Animals (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asayan=Asayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IWatch_News=IWatch News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Picnic=The Picnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Friends=Tokyo Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decisiones=Decisiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_So_Much_a_Programme,_More_a_Way_of_Life=Not So Much a Programme, More a Way of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today's_Business=Today's Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Babies=Saving Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Vacation_Homes=Amazing Vacation Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lively_Arts=The Lively Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_(U.S._TV_series)=The Amazing Race (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Wrap=Market Wrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_(2007_TV_series)=Kingdom (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolonda=Rolonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy_Edward=Teddy Edward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madre_Luna=Madre Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Who%3F=Samantha Who?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_on_DuMont=NFL on DuMont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soapstar_Superchef=Soapstar Superchef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC-3_(TV_series)=BBC-3 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupling_(U.S._TV_series)=Coupling (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligan_Stew_(TV_series)=Mulligan Stew (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_and_Walters=Wood and Walters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_All_New_Alexei_Sayle_Show=The All New Alexei Sayle Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pat_Sajak_Show=The Pat Sajak Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_Dead=Secrets of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_&_Dean:_Home_Sweet_Hollywood=Tori & Dean: Home Sweet Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marshal=The Marshal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pop_Years=The Pop Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lair=The Lair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinappris=Vinappris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Moshin'_Emo_Rangers=Mighty Moshin' Emo Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionic_Woman_(2007_TV_series)=Bionic Woman (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_There_(series)=You Are There (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Hurry_Love=Can't Hurry Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Peace_in_the_Nuclear_Age=War and Peace in the Nuclear Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_(1997_TV_series)=Lassie (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_In_Your_Code=Cool In Your Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Our_Own_(1994_TV_series)=On Our Own (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_School_of_Stuff=Acme School of Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug_Alert=Bug Alert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_City's_Next_Comedy_Legend=The Second City's Next Comedy Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Today=The Royal Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_to_5_(TV_series)=9 to 5 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_(Australian_TV_series)=Wilfred (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Agenda=Philippine Agenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onion_News_Network=Onion News Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E!_Hollywood_Hold'em=E! Hollywood Hold'em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_Legal%3F=Is It Legal?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best!_Movies!_Ever!=Best! Movies! Ever!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Canine=Divine Canine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Quiz=The People's Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(TV_series)=Freedom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_of_Faith_(TV_series)=Leap of Faith (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairy_Bikers'_Cookbook=The Hairy Bikers' Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Schama's_Power_of_Art=Simon Schama's Power of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia_(season_1)=The Biggest Loser Australia (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazi_sou=Mazi sou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia_(season_2)=The Biggest Loser Australia (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Parade=MGM Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Request_Live_(Italy)=Total Request Live (Italy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny_Reunion:_A_Nosh_to_Remember=The Nanny Reunion: A Nosh to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_Again=Play It Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Kick!=High Kick!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Clone_Wars_(2008_TV_series)=Star Wars: The Clone Wars (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dae_Jo_Yeong_(TV_series)=Dae Jo Yeong (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Connection_(TV_series)=Capital Connection (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daitetsujin_17=Daitetsujin 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Winters=Maggie Winters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designerspirene=Designerspirene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICarly=ICarly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saat_Phere_-_Saloni_Ka_Safar=Saat Phere - Saloni Ka Safar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_of_the_Stars=Circus of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_(TV_series)=The Devil (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_Malaysia_(Chinese_version)=Deal or No Deal Malaysia (Chinese version)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krofft_Supershow=The Krofft Supershow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gol_&_Gincu_The_Series=Gol & Gincu The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollongong_the_Brave=Wollongong the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_White_Tower=Behind the White Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Animals_Attack!=When Animals Attack!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Spell=Love Spell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Strikers=Space Strikers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_in_Court=Sex in Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterminds_(Canadian_TV_series)=Masterminds (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterminds_(Quiz_Bowl)=Masterminds (Quiz Bowl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_&_Paul=Harry & Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mutual_Friend_(1998_TV_serial)=Our Mutual Friend (1998 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_Queen_(web_series)=Prom Queen (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontoffel_Pock,_Where_Are_You%3F=Pontoffel Pock, Where Are You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezamashi_TV=Mezamashi TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Guaranteed=Love Guaranteed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Try_This_at_Home_(TV_series)=Don't Try This at Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Re_Ga_Ma_Pa_Challenge_2007=Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaree_(TV_series)=Shivaree (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Sweden_(2007_TV_series)=Welcome to Sweden (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jay_Leno_Show=The Jay Leno Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Me_or_the_Dog=It's Me or the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dame_Edna_Treatment=The Dame Edna Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Little_Rich_Girls=Poor Little Rich Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basketball_Show=The Basketball Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Colors_(TV_series)=True Colors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Roo=Radio Roo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapwa_Ko_Mahal_Ko=Kapwa Ko Mahal Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Town_(TV_series)=Teen Town (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_A_Go-Go=Hollywood A Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Diary_of_Adrian_Mole_(TV_series)=The Secret Diary of Adrian Mole (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Superstar=Little Big Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showbiz_Central=Showbiz Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabing_Ilog=Tabing Ilog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Kamison=Magic Kamison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor_(TV_drama)=Traitor (TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Boosh_(TV_series)=The Mighty Boosh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsbeat_(Philippine_TV_program)=Newsbeat (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysteries_of_the_Bible=Mysteries of the Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Newsroom_(CNNI)=CNN Newsroom (CNNI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moville_Mysteries=Moville Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taquita_+_Kaui=Taquita + Kaui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Lights_(TV_series)=Northern Lights (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_House_(TV_series)=Colonial House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Han_Tian_Zi=Da Han Tian Zi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talang_2007=Talang 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantika=Atlantika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversations_with_Michael_Eisner=Conversations with Michael Eisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Factories=Ultimate Factories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comic_Strip_(TV_series)=The Comic Strip (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Watch=Market Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(Malaysian_TV_series)=So You Think You Can Dance (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squawk_Australia=Squawk Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Flow_(CNBC_Asia)=Cash Flow (CNBC Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dom-2=Dom-2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_Churchill_Said_to_Me=Then Churchill Said to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Theatre=Danger Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engaged_and_Underage=Engaged and Underage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conspiracy_Files=The Conspiracy Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_Files=Conspiracy Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion,_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe_(1967_TV_serial)=The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1967 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Hollyhood=Adventures in Hollyhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Girls_Are_(TV_program)=Where the Girls Are (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingin'_Time=Swingin' Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_a_Grip_(TV_series)=Get a Grip (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homegrown_Hollywood=Homegrown Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_(TV_series)=Jenny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BattleTech:_The_Animated_Series=BattleTech: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Heart_(film)=Rebel Heart (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Scoreboard=College Scoreboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MonsterVision=MonsterVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Lucky=Born Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dal-ja's_Spring=Dal-ja's Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unexplained=The Unexplained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ysabella=Ysabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frauentausch=Frauentausch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_Q=Live on Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Between_Dog_and_Wolf=Time Between Dog and Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tofus=The Tofus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Biggest_Weather_Moments=100 Biggest Weather Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MariMar_(Philippines_TV_series)=MariMar (Philippines TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilary_Duff:_This_Is_Now=Hilary Duff: This Is Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Shock_(TV_series)=Culture Shock (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Test_(TV_series)=Star Test (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judge_(TV_series)=The Judge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_x_Summer=Summer x Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_Germany=Big Brother Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_(TV_series)=Them (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Your_Daddy_Now%3F=Who's Your Daddy Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Treasures=Asian Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Twins=Super Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1st_Shop_of_Coffee_Prince=The 1st Shop of Coffee Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muli_(TV_series)=Muli (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Charming_(TV_series)=Princess Charming (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Gemma=Losing Gemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_George_Gently=Inspector George Gently
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Farm_Report=U.S. Farm Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Street_(TV_series)=Eureka Street (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jensen!=Jensen!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Wedding_Crashers=The Real Wedding Crashers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Rainbow=Blue Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortean_TV=Fortean TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET's_Top_25=BET's Top 25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarred_(TV_series)=Scarred (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sineserye_Presents=Sineserye Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Cove_(TV_series)=Dolphin Cove (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Network_Challenge=Food Network Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Practice_(TV_series)=Private Practice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playbook_(TV_series)=Playbook (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman's_Empire=Roman's Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blondie_(1957_TV_series)=Blondie (1957 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sideshow=The Sideshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fable_(TV_play)=Fable (TV play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Elvis_and_the_Truckstoppers=Lil' Elvis and the Truckstoppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ferals=The Ferals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Hot%3F=Are You Hot?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Homicide=City Homicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ideas_for_a_Small_Planet=Big Ideas for a Small Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junkin'_with_Val_and_Dave=Junkin' with Val and Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_and_Sisters_(1979_TV_series)=Brothers and Sisters (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Stuff=Free Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Malaysia=Project Runway Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Syndicate_(TV_series)=The Syndicate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Syndicate_(game_show)=The Syndicate (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunited:_The_Real_World_Las_Vegas=Reunited: The Real World Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_(1979_TV_series)=Billy (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello!_Miss=Hello! Miss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzy_Heights_(TV_series)=Dizzy Heights (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickets_for_the_Titanic=Tickets for the Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_Opostas=Vidas Opostas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragtime_(TV_series)=Ragtime (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Ka_Pakistan=George Ka Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Amo,_Maging_Sino_Ka_Man=Te Amo, Maging Sino Ka Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Something_Different=Do Something Different
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Gordon_(2007_TV_series)=Flash Gordon (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiskey_Echo=Whiskey Echo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaido:_Pulis_Pangkalawakan=Zaido: Pulis Pangkalawakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_(TV_series)=The Outsiders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlem_Globetrotters_(TV_series)=Harlem Globetrotters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Mission_Road=North Mission Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curiosity_Shop=Curiosity Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbeatables_I=The Unbeatables I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Lahaina=Living Lahaina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundo_de_Fieras_(Mexico)=Mundo de Fieras (Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duelo_de_Pasiones=Duelo de Pasiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbeatables_II=The Unbeatables II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_&_Kate_Plus_8=Jon & Kate Plus 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Your_Act_Together_with_Harvey_Goldsmith=Get Your Act Together with Harvey Goldsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Your_Act_Together=Get Your Act Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Academy_(TV_series)=Police Academy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ex-Wives_Club=The Ex-Wives Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Film_Review=The Film Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Chance_Learners=Last Chance Learners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attention_Scum=Attention Scum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuacht_TG4=Nuacht TG4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_After_Dark=Playboy After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wilkinsons_(TV_series)=The Wilkinsons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikoriki_(animated_series)=Kikoriki (animated series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_Babies=Dino Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sine_Novela=Sine Novela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caliente_(TV_series)=Caliente (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Week_the_Women_Went=The Week the Women Went
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_and_Chips=Curry and Chips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkhouse=Sparkhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrorism_in_the_Grip_of_Justice=Terrorism in the Grip of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Boat:_The_Next_Wave=The Love Boat: The Next Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_Homes=Guerrilla Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Aspones=Os Aspones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erotas_(TV_series)=Erotas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_'Allo_'Allo!=The Return of 'Allo 'Allo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Bow_(TV_series)=Take a Bow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Rescue_(TV_series)=Pet Rescue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Sab_Saath_Saath=Hum Sab Saath Saath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Feud_(Australian_game_show)=Family Feud (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinasamba_Kita=Sinasamba Kita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Hughes_vs._Team_Serra=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Hughes vs. Team Serra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paperplay=Paperplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cuerpo_del_Deseo=El Cuerpo del Deseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Time=Crime Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Greed=Heart of Greed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_(game_show)=Jigsaw (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_(UK_TV_series)=The Best (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Wild_Animals=Really Wild Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Session=Life Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauly=Pauly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rad_Girls=Rad Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Celebrity=The Death of Celebrity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billable_Hours=Billable Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Abercromby=Captain Abercromby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Sport_(TV_series)=Inside Sport (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KO_One=KO One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Desk=Entertainment Desk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armstrong_and_Miller_Show=The Armstrong and Miller Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Northwestern_Mindanao=TV Patrol Northwestern Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Women_Want_(TV_series)=What Women Want (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Bride_(TV_series)=Here Comes the Bride (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_on_Ice_(Philippine_TV_series)=Stars on Ice (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Business=Inside Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Hour_(TV_series)=Rush Hour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Center=Business Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Game_(UK_TV_series)=The Movie Game (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_57=Area 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen_(1975_TV_series)=Karen (1975 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Mall=Treasure Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Link=The Family Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_the_Road=Travel the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huckabee=Huckabee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Yesterday:_The_Carpenters_Story=Only Yesterday: The Carpenters Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_of_the_Underworld=Cities of the Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_William_Tell=The Adventures of William Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Revoir_Shanghai=Au Revoir Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansefeber=Dansefeber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krofft_Superstar_Hour=The Krofft Superstar Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Bet=Best Bet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_In-Laws=Heavenly In-Laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmeralda_(telenovela)=Esmeralda (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Travels=Weird Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Monkeys=Code Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Family=The X-Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Treatment_(U.S._TV_series)=In Treatment (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Change_of_Destiny=A Change of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Press_(Australian_TV_program)=Meet the Press (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_Equal=Everybody's Equal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_of_Us=The State of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F***_Off,_I'm_Ginger=F*** Off, I'm Ginger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F***_Off,_I'm_a_Hairy_Woman=F*** Off, I'm a Hairy Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Californication_(TV_series)=Californication (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Challenge=Infinite Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balitang_K=Balitang K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Magic=Rainbow Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoy_Gising!=Hoy Gising!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=Target (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Your_Life_(Canadian_TV_series)=Time of Your Life (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_Sheriff=She's the Sheriff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SamHas7Friends=SamHas7Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_New_York_2=I Love New York 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_What_(In_the_Butt)=What What (In the Butt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Icons=Animal Icons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_Eaters=Freaky Eaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Top_Secret=Mission Top Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amas_de_Casa_Desesperadas_(Argentine_TV_series)=Amas de Casa Desesperadas (Argentine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigolos=Gigolos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Explorer=National Geographic Explorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_DL_Chronicles=The DL Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Truly=Love Truly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_77=Rescue 77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharti_Ka_Veer_Yodha_Prithviraj_Chauhan=Dharti Ka Veer Yodha Prithviraj Chauhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_on_the_Roof=Emerald on the Roof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Stevens:_Snakemaster=Austin Stevens: Snakemaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaz_(TV_series)=Kaz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Master=Pirate Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockbusters_(U.S._game_show)=Blockbusters (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SheZow=SheZow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Tribes_(TV_series)=The Lost Tribes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_and_Lovers_(1981_TV_serial)=Sons and Lovers (1981 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schloss_Einstein=Schloss Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Carlin_Show=The George Carlin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_in_the_Universe=Growing Up in the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,000_Places_to_See_Before_You_Die_(TV_series)=1,000 Places to See Before You Die (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_House_(TV_series)=Hickory House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Give_Me_a_Job!=Please Give Me a Job!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shababnews=Shababnews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DanceX=DanceX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Haunted_Live!=Most Haunted Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_in_Africa=Cowboy in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_Tiny_Chicken_Machine_Show=Gorgeous Tiny Chicken Machine Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kill_Point=The Kill Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebop_(TV_series)=Rebop (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_Sajak_Weekend=Pat Sajak Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minor_Accomplishments_of_Jackie_Woodman=The Minor Accomplishments of Jackie Woodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spindoe=Spindoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beasts_(TV_series)=Beasts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_Chairs_(1955_TV_series)=Musical Chairs (1955 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeadJam=HeadJam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame's_Place=Madame's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Nation=Video Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow's_Pioneers=Tomorrow's Pioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice:_You're_Fired!=The Apprentice: You're Fired!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Daisies=Pushing Daisies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Wood's_All_Day_Breakfast=Victoria Wood's All Day Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump_(TV_series)=Bump (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Kid=National Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Network_News_(US)=Independent Network News (US)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ship_(TV_series)=The Ship (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impossible_(1988_TV_series)=Mission: Impossible (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_Acts_(TV_series)=Unnatural Acts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeyman_(TV_series)=Journeyman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_Around_(TV_pilot)=Stick Around (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagesschau_(Bolzano)=Tagesschau (Bolzano)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_+4=Emergency +4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Bash=Joe Bash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Knight_with_Sir_Trevor_McDonald=News Knight with Sir Trevor McDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issues_and_Answers=Issues and Answers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_You=Back to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Live=Westminster Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Discoveries=Ancient Discoveries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History's_Lost_&_Found=History's Lost & Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_and_Bones_(TV_series)=Hearts and Bones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Wood_(1989_TV_series)=Victoria Wood (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Art=Life Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico:_One_Plate_at_a_Time=Mexico: One Plate at a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bought_&_Sold=Bought & Sold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Chamber_of_Love=Lost in the Chamber of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Pain=Men in Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rated_K=Rated K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_in_Heart=Pure in Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Guards=Safe Guards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superjail!=Superjail!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_(TV_series)=The Street (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Market_Week=Asia Market Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_&_Stacey=Gavin & Stacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(NBC_TV_series)=Life (NBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Getaway_Game=Great Getaway Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hours_with...=24 Hours with...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_Jungle_(TV_series)=Lipstick Jungle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Guided=Miss Guided
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpoolers=Carpoolers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Sexy_Money=Dirty Sexy Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women's_Murder_Club_(TV_series)=Women's Murder Club (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamandag=Kamandag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_&_Vetaal=Vicky & Vetaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Right_Left=Left Right Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Postman=The Missing Postman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biter_Bitten=The Biter Bitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idolos_de_Juventud=Idolos de Juventud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VH1_ILL-ustrated=VH1 ILL-ustrated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misleading_Track=Misleading Track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecados_ajenos=Pecados ajenos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Track_or_Off=On the Track or Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Brujas_de_South_Beach=Las Brujas de South Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cashmere_Mafia=Cashmere Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badger_or_Bust=Badger or Bust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Boys_(TV_series)=Water Boys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Boys_2005_Natsu=Water Boys 2005 Natsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Life_(2004_TV_series)=Wonderful Life (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Nation=Kid Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cane_(TV_series)=Cane (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bang_Theory=The Big Bang Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from...=Live from...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Huis_Anubis=Het Huis Anubis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susie_(TV_program)=Susie (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaper_(TV_series)=Reaper (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Dreams=Soccer Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Nature=Rogue Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Love_of_All_(TV_series)=The Greatest Love of All (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_10_(U.S._game_show)=Power of 10 (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Jezebel_James=The Return of Jezebel James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Sydney=The Real World: Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invader_Zim=Invader Zim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_Geek_to_Me=It's All Geek to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balita_Ngayon=Balita Ngayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_100_Scariest_Movie_Moments=The 100 Scariest Movie Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Ville_(TV_series)=K-Ville (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawaal_Dus_Crore_Ka=Sawaal Dus Crore Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowned:_The_Mother_of_All_Pageants=Crowned: The Mother of All Pageants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(Greek_TV_series)=So You Think You Can Dance (Greek TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Up_the_Heat_with_G._Garvin=Turn Up the Heat with G. Garvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_to_Me=News to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_New_York_(season_1)=I Love New York (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gokada_Go!=Gokada Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury's_Law=Canterbury's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewind_(TV_series)=Rewind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Laughlin=Viva Laughlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diners,_Drive-Ins_and_Dives=Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tok!_Tok!_Tok!_Isang_Milyon_Pasok!=Tok! Tok! Tok! Isang Milyon Pasok!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Breadwinner_Hog=Big Breadwinner Hog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palibhasa_Lalake=Palibhasa Lalake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magandang_Umaga_Po=Magandang Umaga Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Boss=Beat the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akumaizer_3=Akumaizer 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin's_Moon=Qin's Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Experts=The Love Experts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fokus_Deutsch=Fokus Deutsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greed_Mask=Greed Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Queen_of_Shops=Mary Queen of Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Amsterdam_(TV_series)=New Amsterdam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Old_Amusement_Parks=Great Old Amusement Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Rod_Dogs_and_Cool_Car_Cats=The Hot Rod Dogs and Cool Car Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modesty_Blaise_(1982_film)=Modesty Blaise (1982 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Online_Nation=Online Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Man=The Lazarus Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Floyd_and_Syd_Barrett_Story=The Pink Floyd and Syd Barrett Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Danny_Kaye_Show=The Danny Kaye Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himitsu_no_Hanazono=Himitsu no Hanazono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie's_TV_Funnies=Archie's TV Funnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_Road_Trip=Bad Girls Road Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Christie:_A_Life_in_Pictures=Agatha Christie: A Life in Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dakota_Adventure=South Dakota Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_on_Q=Kids on Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Trust_(TV_series)=The National Trust (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_You_Can_Do_(game_show)=Anything You Can Do (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones:_On_the_Rocks=The Flintstones: On the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Fire_(TV_series)=Prairie Fire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Tonight=Chicago Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Inggo=Super Inggo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonho_Meu=Sonho Meu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Harbor:_The_Real_Orange_County=Newport Harbor: The Real Orange County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Internado=El Internado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronni_Ancona_&_Co=Ronni Ancona & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_I_Lie_to_You%3F_(TV_series)=Would I Lie to You? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dame_Edna's_Neighbourhood_Watch=Dame Edna's Neighbourhood Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Joe=Morning Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimzie's_House=Wimzie's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabataan_Xpress=Kabataan Xpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Football_Factories=The Real Football Factories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Nxt_Door=Boys Nxt Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_or_No_Deal_(New_Zealand)=Deal or No Deal (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abt_Ur_Luv=Abt Ur Luv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_First_Fight=Love at First Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damages_(TV_series)=Damages (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demob_(TV_series)=Demob (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_(TV_series)=Breakfast (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.G.I.S.=T.G.I.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Balita=GMA Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropang_Trumpo=Tropang Trumpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quayside_(soap_opera)=Quayside (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildlife_Jams=Wildlife Jams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkle_Friends=Sparkle Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientology_and_Me=Scientology and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Harvey_Lights_a_Candle=Mr. Harvey Lights a Candle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mine_All_Mine=Mine All Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMV_(television_program)=AMV (television program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Legacy_Revealed=Star Wars: The Legacy Revealed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Grote_Donorshow=De Grote Donorshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Marr's_History_of_Modern_Britain=Andrew Marr's History of Modern Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_High=Hero High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_P.D._(TV_series)=Chicago P.D. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gem_of_Life=The Gem of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Orange:_The_Mystery_of_Spaghetti_Creek=Camp Orange: The Mystery of Spaghetti Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Whom_the_Bell_Tolls_(TV_series)=For Whom the Bell Tolls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitness_Beach=Fitness Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Truth=Destination Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_Mel_and_Jay=Partners Mel and Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_with_Mel_Tiangco=Partners with Mel Tiangco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_&_Jay=Mel & Jay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Fishery=Golden Fishery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Dare_Kiss=True Dare Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Nerd=Planet Nerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_of_Age_(BBC_TV_series)=Coming of Age (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldo_(TV_series)=Geraldo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Folks_on_the_Hill=The Folks on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_and_Heroes=Friends and Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Gotham=Live at Gotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdoch_Mysteries=Murdoch Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Urbain's_Horseman_(TV_series)=St. Urbain's Horseman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Latin_America=Passport to Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Knocks_(TV_series)=Hard Knocks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Battle=Brain Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Big_Al=The Ballad of Big Al
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapout_(TV_series)=Tapout (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universe_(TV_series)=The Universe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_Room_17=The Man in Room 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Conchords_(TV_series)=Flight of the Conchords (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_and_Jerry:_The_Mansion_Cat=Tom and Jerry: The Mansion Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Notice=Burn Notice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Problem!_(TV_series)=No Problem! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Next_Door=My Wife Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Way_Out=A Way Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria's_Next_Top_Model=Nigeria's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Effect=The X Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Louis_Met...=When Louis Met...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Fit_Camp=Teen Fit Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Morse_(TV_series)=Inspector Morse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker,_or_Learning_Underground=Bunker, or Learning Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giada_in_Paradise=Giada in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Zitbag's_Transylvania_Pet_Shop=Dr. Zitbag's Transylvania Pet Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Currents=Global Currents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Huggabug_Club=The Huggabug Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are%3F_(Canadian_TV_series)=Who Do You Think You Are? (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_(Canadian_TV_series)=Heartland (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_File=Fashion File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidential_(TV_series)=Confidential (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Heavens=Good Heavens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_into_Darkness=Door into Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soupy_Norman=Soupy Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fitness_Show=The Fitness Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svenska_dialektmysterier=Svenska dialektmysterier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_(TV_series)=Transmission (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_TVA_22_heures=Le TVA 22 heures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JE_(TV_series)=JE (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Soeurs_Elliot=Les Soeurs Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Km/h_(TV_series)=Km/h (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Zone=Doc Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Movies=Behind the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo!FACT_Presents=Bravo!FACT Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Tan=Sunset Tan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_&_Kris=Boy & Kris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_on_CBS=NASCAR on CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutya=Mutya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plebania=Plebania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_(TV_series)=The Greatest (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mommy_Elvie's_Problematic_Show=Mommy Elvie's Problematic Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jailbreak_(TV_series)=Jailbreak (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Jam:_Valerian_&_Laureline=Time Jam: Valerian & Laureline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Acorah's_Ghost_Towns=Derek Acorah's Ghost Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_Talk=Reel Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Selling_Secrets=Best Selling Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love_with_Bret_Michaels_(season_1)=Rock of Love with Bret Michaels (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sold_(TV_series)=Sold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Road_Truckers=Ice Road Truckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sink_or_Swim_(TV_series)=Sink or Swim (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Whore=The Devil's Whore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Merton_in_China=Paul Merton in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Love_(TV_series)=Age of Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Venus_Ave.=Life on Venus Ave.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up!_WA=Wake Up! WA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Mahawi_Man_Ang_Ulap=Kung Mahawi Man Ang Ulap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_List_(New_Zealand_game_show)=The Rich List (New Zealand game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_Star=One Million Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Duets:_Philippine_Edition=Celebrity Duets: Philippine Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Patrol_(TV_series)=Border Patrol (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKA_Cartoon_Network=AKA Cartoon Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler's_Ultimate=Tyler's Ultimate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2007_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2007 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Wants_a_Wife=Farmer Wants a Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_The_Captain=Welcome to The Captain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhitched=Unhitched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Times_(TV_series)=High Times (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detention_(TV_series)=Detention (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Gay_TV=So Gay TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charlie_Horse_Music_Pizza=The Charlie Horse Music Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Factor=Forensic Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Noise_(TV_series)=Beautiful Noise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Caught=I-Caught
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_in_Primetime=NASCAR in Primetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_It_Is_(programme)=The Way It Is (programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Breasts_There_Is_No_Paradise=Without Breasts There Is No Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Addams_Family_(1973_animated_series)=The Addams Family (1973 animated series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karambolage_(ARTE)=Karambolage (ARTE)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Squad=The Ghost Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Amor_no_Tiene_Precio=El Amor no Tiene Precio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clutter_Nutters=Clutter Nutters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_Back=Let's Go Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bituin=Bituin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Yoo_Hee=Witch Yoo Hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_States_(TV_series)=The States (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_Thomas_Comedy_Product=The Mark Thomas Comedy Product
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Us_If_You_Can_(game_show)=Catch Us If You Can (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_(1983_TV_series)=Sally (1983 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_with_Elsa_Klensch=Style with Elsa Klensch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobbyist_(TV_series)=Lobbyist (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sound=Big Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Robo_Kabutack=B-Robo Kabutack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetsuwan_Tantei_Robotack=Tetsuwan Tantei Robotack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heir_Hunters=Heir Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_10=The Daily 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrepid_Journeys=Intrepid Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Jungle_Fury=Power Rangers Jungle Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Canada=Project Runway Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Dudley_the_Dragon=The Adventures of Dudley the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceballs:_The_Animated_Series=Spaceballs: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Takes=Three Takes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Cake=Take the Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dorrit_(TV_series)=Little Dorrit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierra_de_Pasiones=Tierra de Pasiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Little's_Christmas_Carol=Rich Little's Christmas Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockie_Leonard_(TV_series)=Lockie Leonard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inside_Story_(Philippine_TV_series)=The Inside Story (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jail_(TV_series)=Jail (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Model_Ghana=Top Model Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil's_Next_Top_Model=Brazil's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China's_Next_Top_Model=China's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_10_Pounds_Bootcamp=The Last 10 Pounds Bootcamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Me_Famous,_Make_Me_Rich=Make Me Famous, Make Me Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NBC_Comedy_Hour=The NBC Comedy Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodelo_2006=Supermodelo 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andes_to_Amazon=Andes to Amazon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weakest_Link_(Hong_Kong)=Weakest Link (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Explosion=Cash Explosion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2006_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2006 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weakest_Link_(Australian_game_show)=The Weakest Link (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodel_(Swiss_modelling_show)=Supermodel (Swiss modelling show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishing_Australia=Fishing Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Doe_(film_series)=Jane Doe (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Weekend_Report=GMA Weekend Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfry_Witches=Belfry Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Academy_(2005_TV_series)=The Academy (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFL_on_CBC=CFL on CBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Network_News=GMA Network News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2005_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2005 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Rider=Neon Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Amazing_Animals=Those Amazing Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Forget_the_Lyrics!_(U.S._game_show)=Don't Forget the Lyrics! (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Classics=Family Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Order_of_Life=Side Order of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Men=Mad Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satisfaction_(Australian_TV_series)=Satisfaction (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Centre_Europe=Business Centre Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Standing_(TV_series)=Still Standing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Miami=The King of Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cuartel_de_la_Risa=El Cuartel de la Risa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_and_the_Invasion_of_the_Space_Bears=Yogi and the Invasion of the Space Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forensic_Heroes_II=Forensic Heroes II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jire_Khursani=Jire Khursani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Girl_(TV_series)=Cover Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QT:_QueerTelevision=QT: QueerTelevision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10%25_QTV=10% QTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Out_(TV_series)=Coming Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday:_The_Animated_Series=Friday: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_&_Peter=Katie & Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learn_to_Read=Learn to Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kino's_Storytime=Kino's Storytime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ful_Haus=Ful Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Marrieds=The Young Marrieds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nurses_(ABC_TV_series)=The Nurses (ABC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Se_Busca_Un_Hombre=Se Busca Un Hombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yours_for_a_Song=Yours for a Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Dave:_Daredevil_for_Hire=Super Dave: Daredevil for Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Calamity_Jane=The Legend of Calamity Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(animated_TV_series)=The Magician (animated TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythic_Warriors=Mythic Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mga_Mata_ni_Anghelita=Mga Mata ni Anghelita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Baby_Story=A Baby Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaotic_(TV_series)=Chaotic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Was=Time Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousins_(TV_series)=Cousins (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sox_Appeal=Sox Appeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otvorena_vrata=Otvorena vrata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_Gains=Capitol Gains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Wheel=The Money Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Palfrey_of_Westminster=Mr. Palfrey of Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Africa=Wild Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Down_Under=Wild Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_(1997_Philippine_TV_series)=Growing Up (1997 Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoy_Gising!_Kapamilya=Hoy Gising! Kapamilya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_de_mercado=Amores de mercado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Caribbean=Wild Caribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural:_The_Unseen_Powers_of_Animals=Supernatural: The Unseen Powers of Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bram_&_Alice=Bram & Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleghorne!=Cleghorne!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasya_Fantasya=Tasya Fantasya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathouse:_The_Series=Cathouse: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_(TV_series)=Freaky (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Extraordinary_Friends=The Amazing Extraordinary Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Opinion=Inside Opinion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Insiders=Business Insiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skunk_Fu!=Skunk Fu!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Bell=Before the Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Asia=Inside Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Tonight=Business Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Session=Bull Session
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Club=The Money Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goenkale=Goenkale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Chavacano=TV Patrol Chavacano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Strong,_Geum-soon!=Be Strong, Geum-soon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totoo_TV=Totoo TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Raja=Road Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Rest_of_Your_Life=For the Rest of Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Otra=La Otra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdict_with_Dan_Abrams=Verdict with Dan Abrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapatan_with_Jay_Sonza=Tapatan with Jay Sonza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mornings_@_GMA=Mornings @ GMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Life_with_Randy_David=Public Life with Randy David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Angel_(TV_series)=Guardian Angel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_a_Star=Search for a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POSH_(TV_series)=POSH (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_(talk_show)=Kris (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Appleyards=The Appleyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_Headlines=ABS-CBN Headlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvento_Files=Calvento Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Ink=LA Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking=Looking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_of_Our_Own=A Place of Our Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_School_(TV_series)=Indian School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aane_Wala_Pal=Aane Wala Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Amour_avec_un_Grand_A=L'Amour avec un Grand A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steals_and_Deals=Steals and Deals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CloseUp1=CloseUp1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(CNBC)=The Edge (CNBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_(TV_series)=Sky (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion_Pleasure_Night=Vermilion Pleasure Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Soul_Productions=Big Soul Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Why_Love=Why Why Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Lately=Chelsea Lately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones:_Little_Big_League=The Flintstones: Little Big League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Body_Shop=American Body Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Wheels=Wonder Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_Yourself_Tonight=Enjoy Yourself Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ober_Da_Bakod=Ober Da Bakod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_School_(CITV_series)=Knight School (CITV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_a_Palos=Amor a Palos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Fric_Show=Le Fric Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videoteces=Videoteces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipper_and_Lopaka=Flipper and Lopaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Odyssey=Star Trek: Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_(2007_TV_series)=Nashville (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryminalni=Kryminalni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_Room_Only_(TV_series)=Standing Room Only (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sharon_Cuneta_Show=The Sharon Cuneta Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Tales=Fly Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Shanghai=Once Upon a Time in Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_for_the_Weekend_(TV_programme)=Something for the Weekend (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTN_Gladiators=MTN Gladiators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_1945=Seoul 1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Blue_(TV_series)=Lady Blue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rutles_2:_Can't_Buy_Me_Lunch=The Rutles 2: Can't Buy Me Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Legal_(2000)=Street Legal (2000)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Exchange_(TV_series)=Foreign Exchange (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buscando_a_Timbiriche,_La_Nueva_Banda=Buscando a Timbiriche, La Nueva Banda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_are_Funny=People are Funny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Wiggles_episodes=List of The Wiggles episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning!!!_(Australian_show)=Good Morning!!! (Australian show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Page_(TV_series)=Home Page (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones'_New_Neighbors=The Flintstones' New Neighbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSPCA_Animal_Rescue=RSPCA Animal Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones:_Fred's_Final_Fling=The Flintstones: Fred's Final Fling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonny_Quest_vs._The_Cyber_Insects=Jonny Quest vs. The Cyber Insects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roary_the_Racing_Car=Roary the Racing Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones:_Wind-Up_Wilma=The Flintstones: Wind-Up Wilma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones:_Jogging_Fever=The Flintstones: Jogging Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marvelous_Misadventures_of_Flapjack=The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Mind_(TV_series)=State of Mind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flintstone_Family_Christmas=A Flintstone Family Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShoXC=ShoXC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstones'_25th_Anniversary_Celebration=The Flintstones' 25th Anniversary Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assume_the_Position_with_Mr._Wuhl=Assume the Position with Mr. Wuhl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soup_(TV_series)=Soup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Eyewitness_News_Late=Ten Eyewitness News Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_Story=The Awakening Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Station=Sex Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraseven_X=Ultraseven X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriBeCa_(TV_series)=TriBeCa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Ako_Ikaw=Kung Ako Ikaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garage_(TV_series)=The Garage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Beckham:_Coming_to_America=Victoria Beckham: Coming to America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flintstone_Kids'_%22Just_Say_No%22_Special=The Flintstone Kids' "Just Say No" Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasan_Ko_Ang_Daigdig=Pasan Ko Ang Daigdig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_of_Fear=Ocean of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ombudsman_(TV_series)=Ombudsman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marblehead_Manor=Marblehead Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin's_Daily_News=Dustin's Daily News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Asia_Hitlist=MTV Asia Hitlist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chop_Socky_Chooks=Chop Socky Chooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommartorpet=Sommartorpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School's_Out_(TV_series)=School's Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_Mom=Just Like Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanna-Barbera_New_Cartoon_Series=The Hanna-Barbera New Cartoon Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revisioned:_Tomb_Raider_Animated_Series=Revisioned: Tomb Raider Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Creatures=Brilliant Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Grass_of_Home=The Green Grass of Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babangon_Ako't_Dudurugin_Kita=Babangon Ako't Dudurugin Kita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Dishes_in_the_World=Greatest Dishes in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Filth_Files=The Filth Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Baio_Is_45...and_Single=Scott Baio Is 45...and Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Bee_(Australian_game_show)=The Singing Bee (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby's_Mystery_Funhouse=Scooby's Mystery Funhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Children=The Stepford Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha'Nephilim=Ha'Nephilim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_You_Love_Me=Tell Me You Love Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBC_Express_Balita=IBC Express Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_Hair_Challenge=Superstar Hair Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Matinee_Theater=NBC Matinee Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheeep=Sheeep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_My_Wage=Win My Wage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whicker's_World=Whicker's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Help=The Big Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up_Fox=What's Up Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_and_Dumber_(TV_series)=Dumb and Dumber (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZOS:_Zone_of_Separation=ZOS: Zone of Separation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line_(TV_series)=The Line (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Prejudice%3F=Without Prejudice?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Circus=Comedy Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kremandala_Show=The Kremandala Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Fog_(TV_series)=Out of the Fog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bill=The Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pati_Ba_Pintig_ng_Puso=Pati Ba Pintig ng Puso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Fighting_Machines=Future Fighting Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Doc=That's My Doc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collectors'_Lot=Collectors' Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Cats=Kitty Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smart_Woman_Survival_Guide=The Smart Woman Survival Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(2005_TV_series)=The Bridge (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnosis_X=Diagnosis X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brown_and_Charles_Schulz=Charlie Brown and Charles Schulz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(TV_series)=Three (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steve_Wilkos_Show=The Steve Wilkos Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Anniversary,_Charlie_Brown=Happy Anniversary, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_Too_Short=Life's Too Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visit_(TV_series)=The Visit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alla_mot_en=Alla mot en
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Weapon=Human Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Gran_Sangre=La Gran Sangre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Garden_of_Love=Las Vegas Garden of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Buck_(Australian_game_show)=Pass the Buck (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Idol=Asian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Seems_Like_Yesterday=It Seems Like Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designer_Superstar_Challenge=Designer Superstar Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemies_of_Reason=The Enemies of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meher_(TV_series)=Meher (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Remix=Reality Remix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Feet_(U.S._TV_series)=Cold Feet (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_&_Power=People & Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_That_Laughing_at_the_Back=Stop That Laughing at the Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockup_(TV_series)=Lockup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhii_Sautan_Kabhii_Sahelii=Kabhii Sautan Kabhii Sahelii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Out_Stories=Coming Out Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_News_Live_(SportsNet_New_York)=Daily News Live (SportsNet New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uned_5=Uned 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miki_Kharo_England=Miki Kharo England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Julian_England=Main Julian England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slacker_Cats=Slacker Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lucky_Star_(TV_series)=My Lucky Star (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Review_Philippines=Review Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_L.A.=Jonas L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glutton_for_Punishment=Glutton for Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Soundmix_Show=European Soundmix Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_and_Sons=Joe and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Operation_Overdrive=Power Rangers Operation Overdrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerak_Khas=Gerak Khas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Family_Album=Disney Family Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apni_Khushian_Apne_Gham=Apni Khushian Apne Gham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donahue_(2002_TV_series)=Donahue (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Likeaballs=The Likeaballs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_20th_Century=James May's 20th Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Degree_Turn=Zero Degree Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90_Days,_Time_to_Love=90 Days, Time to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_God_You're_Here_(UK_TV_series)=Thank God You're Here (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xyber_9:_New_Dawn=Xyber 9: New Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speeders=Speeders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie's_Pet_Vet=Lassie's Pet Vet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Express=Culture Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.Y.O.B._(TV_series)=M.Y.O.B. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FIFA_Futbol_Mundial=FIFA Futbol Mundial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actors_Studio_(TV_series)=Actors Studio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Don_Quick=The Adventures of Don Quick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_&_Mrs._Muir_(TV_series)=The Ghost & Mrs. Muir (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiators:_The_Ashes_2=Gladiators: The Ashes 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wembley_live_shows_(1992_Gladiators)=Wembley live shows (1992 Gladiators)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wembley_live_shows_(1993_Gladiators)=Wembley live shows (1993 Gladiators)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wembley_live_shows_(1995_Gladiators)=Wembley live shows (1995 Gladiators)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiators:_The_Ashes_1=Gladiators: The Ashes 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_(TV_series)=Mountain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gentle_Crackdown_II=The Gentle Crackdown II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_on_the_Shortcake=Strawberry on the Shortcake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_vs._100_(Philippine_game_show)=1 vs. 100 (Philippine game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Secrets=Suburban Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_$1,000,000_Chance_of_a_Lifetime_(Australian_game_show)=The $1,000,000 Chance of a Lifetime (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegantic_Megavision=Telegantic Megavision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids'_WB_Australia=Kids' WB Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upbeat_(TV_series)=Upbeat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_with_Sanjeev_Bhaskar=India with Sanjeev Bhaskar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charters_and_Caldicott_(TV_series)=Charters and Caldicott (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_Australia=So You Think You Can Dance Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_Africa=Big Brother Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Live=Entertainment Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mobile_Love_Story=A Mobile Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Canada_Barndance=Cross Canada Barndance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_(Canadian_game_show)=Showdown (Canadian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Questions_(Canadian_TV_series)=Twenty Questions (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimewatch_2007=Crimewatch 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_(Greece)=Big Brother (Greece)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Hermano_(Spain)=Gran Hermano (Spain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Land_and_Sky=Like Land and Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LatiNation=LatiNation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutie_Honey:_The_Live=Cutie Honey: The Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Jim_Bowie=The Adventures of Jim Bowie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Tanner=Lucas Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_Unmasked=Heroes Unmasked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Lady=Modern Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermes_e_Renato=Hermes e Renato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna-Barbera's_All-Star_Comedy_Ice_Revue=Hanna-Barbera's All-Star Comedy Ice Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Jones_(TV_series)=Star Jones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Prayer=Live Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_(South_Korean_TV_series)=Sunday Night (South Korean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umagang_Kay_Ganda=Umagang Kay Ganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curl_Girls=Curl Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uppdrag_granskning=Uppdrag granskning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeedMouse=SpeedMouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sold_Out:_A_Threevening_with_Kevin_Smith=Sold Out: A Threevening with Kevin Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Rising_(TV_series)=Phoenix Rising (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_at_Forty=Man at Forty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Croc's_Block=Uncle Croc's Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_a_Girl_(TV_series)=About a Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detective_Quiz=Detective Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(Scottish_TV_series)=Inside Out (Scottish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_in_America_(TV_series)=Only in America (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win,_Lose_or_Draw_(UK_game_show)=Win, Lose or Draw (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Down=Party Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taboo_(TV_series)=Taboo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.U._Burn=C.U. Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggest_Loser_Jeetega=Biggest Loser Jeetega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickup_Artist_(TV_series)=The Pickup Artist (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Goat_and_Big_Big_Wolf=Pleasant Goat and Big Big Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Central_Roast=Comedy Central Roast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulder_Ultimate_Search=Gulder Ultimate Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_World_Today=Your World Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Bernard's_Stately_Homes=Sir Bernard's Stately Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Breakfast=Business Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woh_Rehne_Waali_Mehlon_Ki=Woh Rehne Waali Mehlon Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_a_Rocket=I Got a Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_and_Greavsie=Saint and Greavsie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_to_the_Altar=Race to the Altar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_Comprado=Amor Comprado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_(TV_series)=Murder (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Date=Hell Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodger,_Bonzo_and_the_Rest=Dodger, Bonzo and the Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_To_Try_Before_You_Die=Things To Try Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whizziwig=Whizziwig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangers_and_Mash_(TV_series)=Bangers and Mash (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancharam_(TV_series)=Sancharam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potter_Puppet_Pals=Potter Puppet Pals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spatz=Spatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Splash=Color Splash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Call_(CNBC)=Morning Call (CNBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antena_3_Noticias=Antena 3 Noticias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipping_Out=Flipping Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoosier_Millionaire=Hoosier Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Full_Tank=MTV Full Tank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_racines_et_des_ailes=Des racines et des ailes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Ape=Going Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Parker=Welcome to the Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Crossing_(TV_series)=Rough Crossing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calliope_(TV_series)=Calliope (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobo_(TV_series)=Lobo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_News=Behind the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Rated:_The_Pop_Videos_They_Tried_to_Ban=X-Rated: The Pop Videos They Tried to Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IKON_Philippines=IKON Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(New_Zealand_TV_programme)=Sunrise (New Zealand TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd_Goes_Wild=The Crowd Goes Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiS_(TV_series)=SiS (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_Takers=Thief Takers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Soup_(TV_series)=Chicken Soup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_the_Family=Ask the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Har_Ghar_Kuch_Kehta_Hai=Har Ghar Kuch Kehta Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heights_(TV_series)=The Heights (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Square=North Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bustin'_Loose_(TV_series)=Bustin' Loose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_in_Love_(TV_series)=Falling in Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big!=Big!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Reyes_on_Camera=Coney Reyes on Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Munting_Paraiso=Ang Munting Paraiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Along_Da_Riles=Home Along Da Riles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ding_Dong_School=Ding Dong School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_List_(TV_series)=The List (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo_Special:_Byakuya_no_Maju=Garo Special: Byakuya no Maju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Beckham's_Soccer_USA=David Beckham's Soccer USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amantes_del_desierto=Amantes del desierto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_to_Eleven=Five to Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Manantial=El Manantial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Star=Grand Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIS_Delitti_Imperfetti=RIS Delitti Imperfetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.I.S,_police_scientifique=R.I.S, police scientifique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Tipu_Sultan=The Sword of Tipu Sultan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joaquin_Bordado=Joaquin Bordado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodsports=Goodsports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Hollywood=The Real World: Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Apple_(TV_series)=Golden Apple (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mujer_de_Judas=La mujer de Judas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Tale_(TV_series)=Fairy Tale (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vet_School_Confidential=Vet School Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aly_&_AJ:_Sister_Act=Aly & AJ: Sister Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Archaeologist=The Naked Archaeologist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Women_Rule_the_World=When Women Rule the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue's_Room=Blue's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_the_Shore=Down the Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Girl_(TV_series)=Party Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_101_(film_series)=Murder 101 (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers_and_Sons_(TV_series)=Fathers and Sons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Chance_(Canadian_game_show)=Take a Chance (Canadian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_(TV_series)=West Coast (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Business_Report=Asia Business Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_League_Show=Super League Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_&_Devil_Show=The God & Devil Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Significant_Others_(1998_TV_series)=Significant Others (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Man=The Odd Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_Take_Longer=Miracles Take Longer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Report=First Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_at_12.30=News at 12.30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITN_News_at_One=ITN News at One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor,_Doctor_(Five_TV_series)=Doctor, Doctor (Five TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palace=The Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adrenaline_Project=The Adrenaline Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outnumbered=Outnumbered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Further_Adventures_of_the_Wilderness_Family=The Further Adventures of the Wilderness Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DinoSquad=DinoSquad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMZ_on_TV=TMZ on TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven:_The_Secret_Temple=Raven: The Secret Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Jones_Live=Alan Jones Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimora:_Life_in_the_Fab_Lane=Kimora: Life in the Fab Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinsesa_ng_Banyera=Prinsesa ng Banyera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Cuts_(TV_series)=Short Cuts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flikken_Maastricht=Flikken Maastricht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Mule=Pure Mule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pucca_(TV_series)=Pucca (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Smarter_Than_a_5th_Grader%3F_(Australian_game_show)=Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader? (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jikuu_Keisatsu_Wecker=Jikuu Keisatsu Wecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(season_1)=One in a Million (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kassa_(television_program)=Kassa (television program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Money_(UK_game_show)=Show Me the Money (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_for_the_Money=Three for the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Seat_(game_show)=Hot Seat (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Diary_of_a_Call_Girl=Secret Diary of a Call Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Ringo_(TV_series)=Johnny Ringo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_Burke_(TV_series)=Stoney Burke (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverboat_(TV_series)=Riverboat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gen_Argentino=El Gen Argentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanakya_(TV_series)=Chanakya (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Venganza_(Colombian_telenovela)=La Venganza (Colombian telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Belles=Wedding Belles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Room_Presents=Control Room Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Rap_Superstar=Celebrity Rap Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_TV=Frank TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lieutenant=The Lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wars_of_In-Laws_II=Wars of In-Laws II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me,_Love_Me_Not_(game_show)=Love Me, Love Me Not (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steps_(TVB)=Steps (TVB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wie_is_de_Mol%3F=Wie is de Mol?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Justice=Street Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Atlantis=Prince of Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavor_of_Love_(season_3)=Flavor of Love (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KateModern=KateModern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_in_Peril=Planet in Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beane's_of_Boston=Beane's of Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(season_4)=The Biggest Loser (season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going,_Going,_Gone_(TV_series)=Going, Going, Gone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Banana=Saturday Banana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Borrowers=The Return of the Borrowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Talent=Hidden Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Situation=Critical Situation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/29_Minutes_of_Fame=29 Minutes of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinship_(TV_series)=Kinship (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corner_with_Love=Corner with Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia_(season_3)=The Biggest Loser Australia (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Sell_(TV_series)=Hard Sell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karei-naru_Ichizoku=Karei-naru Ichizoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alan_Titchmarsh_Show=The Alan Titchmarsh Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Paso_Adelante_(TV_series)=Un Paso Adelante (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Anne_Frank_(2009_miniseries)=The Diary of Anne Frank (2009 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Spotlight=Manhattan Spotlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(TV_series)=The Stranger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Ask_Me_(TV_programme)=Don't Ask Me (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Stand_Accused=They Stand Accused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Sizemore=Shooting Sizemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballet_Shoes_(TV_serial)=Ballet Shoes (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgettable_Memory=The Unforgettable Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharky's_Friends=Sharky's Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klutter!=Klutter!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_(Australian_TV_series)=Extra (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakasa_Ka_Ba_Sa_Grade_5%3F=Kakasa Ka Ba Sa Grade 5?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Great_American_Band=The Next Great American Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Women=The Power of Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pet_Shop=The Pet Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_and_Orchids=Champagne and Orchids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsweek_Views_the_News=Newsweek Views the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Idol_Malaysia=Star Idol Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_with_the_Devil_(TV_series)=Ride with the Devil (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysteries_and_Scandals=Mysteries and Scandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rings_on_Their_Fingers=Rings on Their Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_&_Becs=Dan & Becs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_with_the_Angels=Date with the Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhalak_Dikhhla_Jaa=Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ellen_Burstyn_Show=The Ellen Burstyn Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Mystery_Theatre=Crawford Mystery Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluffy_Gardens=Fluffy Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Wanna_Be_a_Popstar_(Netherlands)=So You Wanna Be a Popstar (Netherlands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Brainiest_Kid=Britain's Brainiest Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_Ryan=Life of Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assistants=The Assistants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Beautiful_(TV_series)=Love Is Beautiful (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Fiends_(TV_series)=Making Fiends (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Gunn's_Guide_to_Style=Tim Gunn's Guide to Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottle_Boys=Bottle Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_3_(TV_series)=Level 3 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_West_(1996_TV_series)=Journey to the West (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Singer=Star Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bobby_Vinton_Show=The Bobby Vinton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_Cops=Traffic Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_(TV_series)=Fay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_(2002_TV_series)=Top Gear (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Seventies=Here Come the Seventies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target:_The_Impossible=Target: The Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Sixties=The Fabulous Sixties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Untrue_History_Of...=Totally Untrue History Of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(TV_series)=The Gift (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinwen_Lianbo=Xinwen Lianbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_to_Murder=Night Train to Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Behaving_Badly=Bear Behaving Badly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_de_Paree=Hotel de Paree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2007=Star Awards 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Galaxy_Mega_Monster_Battle=Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/413_Hope_St.=413 Hope St.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WordWorld=WordWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Man_(TV_series)=X-Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornucopia=Pornucopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarterlife=Quarterlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starmania_(TV_series)=Starmania (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Everything_Nice=And Everything Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_School_House=The School House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deserving_Design=Deserving Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrienne_Clarkson_Presents=Adrienne Clarkson Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Smarter_than_a_10_Year_Old%3F_(New_Zealand)=Are You Smarter than a 10 Year Old? (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabarkada,_Break_the_Bank=Kabarkada, Break the Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurosport_Fight_Club=Eurosport Fight Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Are_You_Looking_At%3F=What Are You Looking At?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comics_Britannia=Comics Britannia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Steve_Ditko=In Search of Steve Ditko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_Championship_Boxing=Showtime Championship Boxing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebirds_(TV_series)=Bluebirds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Hamel's_Comedy_Bag=Alan Hamel's Comedy Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Laff-In=Super Laff-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_War_Diary=A War Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Walk_(TV_series)=Night Walk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosperity_(TV_series)=Prosperity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Palin's_New_Europe=Michael Palin's New Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saan_Darating_Ang_Umaga%3F=Saan Darating Ang Umaga?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes_and_a_Big,_Big_Show=Sykes and a Big, Big Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Nice=Ultraman Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homesmine=The Homesmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Tales=Dog Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questions_for_the_Future=Questions for the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Steve-O=Dr. Steve-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Iron_Chef=The Next Iron Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMT_Cross_Country=CMT Cross Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Best_Dish=Britain's Best Dish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Big_Things=Really Big Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sous_le_soleil=Sous le soleil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ying_Ye_3_Jia_1=Ying Ye 3 Jia 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanny_(TV_series)=Nanny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newstopia=Newstopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand-Papa_(TV_series)=Grand-Papa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Kiss_Again=They Kiss Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieu_merci!=Dieu merci!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Hill_(TV_series)=Beacon Hill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(season_2)=One in a Million (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destry_(TV_series)=Destry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Doctor=Frontier Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_and_the_Culhane=Dundee and the Culhane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunslinger_(TV_series)=Gunslinger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_Uplate_Live=Games Uplate Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_(TV_series)=Genius (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripper's_Day=Tripper's Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotgun_Slade=Shotgun Slade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_the_Plainsman=Law of the Plainsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_City_(TV_series)=Cimarron City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_(TV_series)=Tate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Blackhawk=The Man from Blackhawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Challenge=Africa Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahe_Bipayan=Rahe Bipayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangxi_Lai_Le=Kangxi Lai Le
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckskin_(TV_series)=Buckskin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Growing_Pains_Movie=The Growing Pains Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90_Days=90 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Pulp_Murder=True Pulp Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QI_News=QI News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ann_Sothern_Show=The Ann Sothern Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wichita_Town=Wichita Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Pacific_(TV_series)=Union Pacific (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magi-Nation_(TV_series)=Magi-Nation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest_Vietnam=Everest Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoo_Action=Phoo Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Associates_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Associates (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whammy!_Push_Your_Luck=Whammy! Push Your Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_(Philippine_TV_series)=The Beat (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Char_Khooneh=Char Khooneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Estate_Agents=The Estate Agents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsCafe=SportsCafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn=The New Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peter_Serafinowicz_Show=The Peter Serafinowicz Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_(Hong_Kong_TV_series)=On the Road (Hong Kong TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equator_(BBC_TV_series)=Equator (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Jones_(TV_series)=Casey Jones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.I.T_(TV_series)=H.I.T (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombstone_Territory=Tombstone Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Ink=London Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Stalker_(film)=The Night Stalker (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_State=Paranormal State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(Colombian_telenovela)=Victoria (Colombian telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampira_Show=The Vampira Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_on_Earth=Last Days on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Together_(2001_TV_series)=Happy Together (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVD_Show=DVD Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_TV=Rush TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_League_All_Stars=Premier League All Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Matters=Trading Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Journal_du_soir=Le Journal du soir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_(TV_series)=Wilbur (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wilton_North_Report=The Wilton North Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCS:_Manhunt=NCS: Manhunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vacant_Lot=The Vacant Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_India=The Story of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangler_(TV_series)=Wrangler (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_&_Fearne_Go_Dating=Holly & Fearne Go Dating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lastikman_(TV_series)=Lastikman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arangkada_(GMA_morning_show)=Arangkada (GMA morning show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_(TV_series)=Lovers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorious=Victorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6abc_Dunkin'_Donuts_Thanksgiving_Day_Parade=6abc Dunkin' Donuts Thanksgiving Day Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrint=Labyrint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Door_(BBC_TV)=Open Door (BBC TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Space_(BBC_TV)=Open Space (BBC TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oaks_(TV_pilot)=The Oaks (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Diaries=Video Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Flying_Doctor_Service_(TV_series)=Royal Flying Doctor Service (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Adam_and_Shelley=It's Adam and Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_a_Masterpiece=The Private Life of a Masterpiece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Center_(CNBC_Asia)=Business Center (CNBC Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatta_Hitotsu_no_Koi=Tatta Hitotsu no Koi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jury_Duty_(TV_series)=Jury Duty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2004_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2004 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vientos_de_agua=Vientos de agua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auf_Achse_(TV_series)=Auf Achse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_Post_Game_Live=Eagles Post Game Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Fix_(Comcast_SportsNet)=Fantasy Fix (Comcast SportsNet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty/Handsome=Pretty/Handsome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paalkhi=Paalkhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_(TV_series)=Gift (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izu_no_odoriko_(1993_TV_drama)=Izu no odoriko (1993 TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sono_toki_Heartwa_Nusumareta=Sono toki Heartwa Nusumareta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sora_Kara_Furu_Ichioku_no_Hoshi=Sora Kara Furu Ichioku no Hoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moms_(TV_series)=Moms (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Na-Scam_Ka_Na_Ba%3F=Na-Scam Ka Na Ba?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Jungle=The Human Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Survive=How to Survive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extinct_(2001_TV_series)=Extinct (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemureru_Mori=Nemureru Mori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_TV=Moose TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_University_Forum=Georgetown University Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Exclusive=Washington Exclusive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Live_(Comcast_SportsNet)=Monday Night Live (Comcast SportsNet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'net_IMPACT='net IMPACT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsNite=SportsNite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsRise=SportsRise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsDay=SportsDay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_at_Love_with_Tila_Tequila=A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vendetta=La Vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixers_Post_Game_Live=Sixers Post Game Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Football_Now=Pro Football Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Golf=Inside Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_Shots=Golf Shots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas_(TV_series)=Vegas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_(TV_series)=Palos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Smarter_than_a_10_Year_Old%3F_(UK)=Are You Smarter than a 10 Year Old? (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_sin_maquillaje=Amor sin maquillaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyesebel_(2008_TV_series)=Dyesebel (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star!_Daily=Star! Daily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casado_con_hijos_(Chile)=Casado con hijos (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_with_Sharon_Caddy=Real Life with Sharon Caddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Requested_(TV_series)=Most Requested (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Byd_ar_Bedwar=Y Byd ar Bedwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_TV=Quiz TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiral_Staircase_(2000_film)=The Spiral Staircase (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Most_Smartest_Model=America's Most Smartest Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_Girls_(Philippine_TV_program)=Us Girls (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Translation_(TV_series)=Russian Translation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Don't_Cry=Men Don't Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Crime_Fighter=The Ultimate Crime Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Years_of_Tomb_Raider:_A_GameTap_Retrospective=Ten Years of Tomb Raider: A GameTap Retrospective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Squad=Design Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangutan_Island=Orangutan Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wormwood_(TV_series)=Wormwood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete's_PA=Pete's PA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugo_Keiji=Fugo Keiji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangle_(TV_series)=Tangle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_Creek_Gang=Kangaroo Creek Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandon_Pictures=Chandon Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooter:_Secret_Agent=Scooter: Secret Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_McPhail=Fergus McPhail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosafer_(TV_series)=Mosafer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collector_(Serbian_TV_series)=The Collector (Serbian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2007=American Music Awards of 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_on_the_Edge_(TV_series)=Living on the Edge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doombolt_Chase=The Doombolt Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Sports_FC=Fox Sports FC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Al-Hara=Bab Al-Hara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_Now=Nashville Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver's_Travels=Oliver's Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pageant_Place=Pageant Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara_Clara=Mara Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fringe_(TV_series)=Fringe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear:_Polar_Special=Top Gear: Polar Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kap's_Amazing_Stories=Kap's Amazing Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paz_Show=The Paz Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_World_News_America=BBC World News America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_(TV_program)=Compass (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_at_Home=Jamie at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maligno_(TV_series)=Maligno (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mop_Girl=Mop Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Second_Counts_(U.S._gameshow)=Every Second Counts (U.S. gameshow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_of_Truth_(UK_game_show)=The Moment of Truth (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_with_Chris_Moyles=Live with Chris Moyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Up_with_the_Kardashians=Keeping Up with the Kardashians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainstorm_(TV_series)=Brainstorm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Business_Morning=Fox Business Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_for_Breakfast=Money for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Kielty_Almost_Live=Patrick Kielty Almost Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terre_humaine=Terre humaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E:60=E:60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Young_Minds=Beautiful Young Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Idol=Pinoy Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor=The X Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Around_Us=The World Around Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_Music_TV=Eclipse Music TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Jungle=The Music Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racket_Squad=Racket Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Connections=Movie Connections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chute!_(television_programme)=Chute! (television programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetmate=Streetmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Hurts_(TV_series)=Love Hurts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spooky_Sisters=The Spooky Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banged_Up_Abroad=Banged Up Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talang_2008=Talang 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Wood_with_All_The_Trimmings=Victoria Wood with All The Trimmings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Green_Place=Dear Green Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer_Wants_a_Wife_(Australian_TV_series)=The Farmer Wants a Wife (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_(TV_series)=The Legend (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Losers_(TV_series)=The Losers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaching_for_the_Stars_(television)=Reaching for the Stars (television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_and_Maloney=Rose and Maloney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piha_Rescue=Piha Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(Australian_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Love=Operation Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love_with_Bret_Michaels_(season_2)=Rock of Love with Bret Michaels (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love_with_Bret_Michaels=Rock of Love with Bret Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaya_(TV_series)=Kaya (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F2F_(TV_series)=F2F (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eischied=Eischied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Class_(game_show)=First Class (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cor_de_la_Ciutat=El Cor de la Ciutat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andra_Avenyn=Andra Avenyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper's_Scare_School_(TV_series)=Casper's Scare School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Morning=A Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_House_(TV_series)=Man of the House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_(TVB_TV_series)=My Family (TVB TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminine_Masculinity=Feminine Masculinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Sarah_(TV_series)=Princess Sarah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Chasers_(TV_series)=Storm Chasers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Ice_(TV_series)=Thin Ice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Linggo_nAPO_Sila=Sa Linggo nAPO Sila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_the_'70s_(U.S._TV_series)=I Love the '70s (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No._1_Countdown=No. 1 Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desaparecidos_(TV_series)=Desaparecidos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_'89=Music '89
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_News=Your News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_Man=The Lion Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_There_Yet%3F:_World_Adventure=Are We There Yet?: World Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_KNTV_Show=The KNTV Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_70's=Fashion 70's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Date_with_a_Vampire_II=My Date with a Vampire II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Country!=What a Country!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spymaster_USA=Spymaster USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funky_Cops=Funky Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruggles=The Ruggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playbox_(1980s_TV_series)=Playbox (1980s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinvig=Kinvig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Video_Game_Nerd=The Angry Video Game Nerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_Eighty_Dreams=Around the World in Eighty Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markets_Now=Markets Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bounder=The Bounder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telemiracle=Telemiracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Hunter_and_the_Mystery_of_the_Moody_Ghost=Roxy Hunter and the Mystery of the Moody Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Business_Happy_Hour=Fox Business Happy Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Hunter_and_the_Secret_of_the_Shaman=Roxy Hunter and the Secret of the Shaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salaam_Afghanistan=Salaam Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_In_3_Colors=Love In 3 Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Fire_Mountain=Children of Fire Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Poker=Food Poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogies_Diner=Boogies Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardon_My_Genie=Pardon My Genie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollhouse_(TV_series)=Dollhouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Prom_Nite=The Ultimate Prom Nite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgorio_Cymru=Sgorio Cymru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Alien_Force=Ben 10: Alien Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Holborn=Jack Holborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealer's_Choice_(game_show)=Dealer's Choice (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Quintana=Villa Quintana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Brand's_Ponderland=Russell Brand's Ponderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_(TV_series)=William (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_William_(1970s_TV_series)=Just William (1970s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post_Show=The Post Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonnie_Hunt_Show=The Bonnie Hunt Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Man_(miniseries)=Midnight Man (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_the_World_Backwards=The History of the World Backwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Buzzer=Top Buzzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_(TV_series)=Kristin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_House=Coal House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowgli:_The_New_Adventures_of_the_Jungle_Book=Mowgli: The New Adventures of the Jungle Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&B_(TV_series)=B&B (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sushi_Pack=Sushi Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_This_Week=Australia This Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bola_Kampung=Bola Kampung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yi_San=Yi San
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Wolfhound=Young Wolfhound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_in_a_Free_State=Caught in a Free State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_a_Noble_Family=The Story of a Noble Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cows_(TV_series)=Cows (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Over-the-Hill_Gang=The Over-the-Hill Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_Twisters'_Adventures=Word Twisters' Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_(TV_serial)=The Passion (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jon_Dore_Television_Show=The Jon Dore Television Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZDF-Hitparade=ZDF-Hitparade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hanna's_Animal_Adventures=Jack Hanna's Animal Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadsville=Deadsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decadence_(SBS_TV)=Decadence (SBS TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunny_Side_Up_Show=The Sunny Side Up Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Life_(TV_program)=Real Life (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Invasion:_Britain's_New_Underworld=Crime Invasion: Britain's New Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Six_Wives_of_Henry_VIII_(documentary)=The Six Wives of Henry VIII (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_the_Game_(American_game_show)=Play the Game (American game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Hunters_International=Ghost Hunters International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motormouth_(VH1)=Motormouth (VH1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_1_Presents....=Virgin 1 Presents....
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterworld_(web_series)=Afterworld (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Planet_(TV_series)=Savage Planet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kylie_Show=The Kylie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E4_School_of_Performing_Arts=E4 School of Performing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TITV_Everest_2007=TITV Everest 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Ullman's_State_of_the_Union=Tracey Ullman's State of the Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Inggo_1.5:_Ang_Bagong_Bangis=Super Inggo 1.5: Ang Bagong Bangis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinny_&_Susannah_Undress_the_Nation=Trinny & Susannah Undress the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearly_Famous=Nearly Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Yes_to_the_Dress=Say Yes to the Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Saturdays=The Secret Saturdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Tarrant's_Great_Pretender=Chris Tarrant's Great Pretender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_do_Tom=Show do Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Channel_Four_Daily=The Channel Four Daily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural_Science=Supernatural Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunnytown=Bunnytown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Over-the-Hill_Gang_Rides_Again=The Over-the-Hill Gang Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_TVA_18_heures=Le TVA 18 heures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgey_Didge=Ridgey Didge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Why!=Super Why!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MonsterQuest=MonsterQuest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesame_Tree=Sesame Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_for_a_Song=Going for a Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolta_Pakistan=Bolta Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_William_(1990s_TV_series)=Just William (1990s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireman_Sam=Fireman Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Robin_Hood=The Legend of Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjivani_(TV_series)=Sanjivani (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_House_with_Gloria_Hunniford=Open House with Gloria Hunniford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeet_(TV_series)=Jeet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spadla_z_oblakov=Spadla z oblakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost:_Missing_Pieces=Lost: Missing Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desejo_Proibido=Desejo Proibido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linha_Direta=Linha Direta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorra_Total=Zorra Total
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Love=Just Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(U.S._TV_series)=Survivor (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cap_(TV_series)=Red Cap (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popeye_the_Sailor_(1960s_TV_series)=Popeye the Sailor (1960s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Baby_(film)=Santa Baby (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Lights_(1973_TV_series)=City Lights (1973 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Scene=Your Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_C._Clarke's_World_of_Strange_Powers=Arthur C. Clarke's World of Strange Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Spy_Family=My Spy Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_Ones:_The_New_Doctors=The Bold Ones: The New Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_(TV_series)=Speed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_World=Good Morning World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Places_(Australian_TV_series)=Going Places (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sengoku_Jieitai:_Sekigahara_no_Tatakai=Sengoku Jieitai: Sekigahara no Tatakai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_&_Virginia=Lola & Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_Ones:_The_Lawyers=The Bold Ones: The Lawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Harold_Holt%3F=Who Killed Harold Holt?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbours_at_War=Neighbours at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Breakdown_(Australian_TV_series)=Commercial Breakdown (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Jobs_(Australian_TV_series)=Dirty Jobs (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panwapa=Panwapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Fighting_(TV_series)=Bull Fighting (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_Ones:_The_Protectors=The Bold Ones: The Protectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary_Shrager's_School_for_Cooks=Rosemary Shrager's School for Cooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curb_Appeal=Curb Appeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrano_De_Bergerac_(1977)=Cyrano De Bergerac (1977)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Angel_(1989_TV_series)=Teen Angel (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooks:_Code_9=Spooks: Code 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Sweet_Home_(TV_series)=Home Sweet Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parekoy=Parekoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Celebrity...Get_Me_Out_of_Here!_(UK_TV_series)=I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogstar_(TV_series)=Dogstar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Laughs_(Australian_TV_series)=Just for Laughs (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/....Envy=....Envy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers_(1991_UK_game_show)=Finders Keepers (1991 UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binbir_Gece=Binbir Gece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrange_Me_a_Marriage=Arrange Me a Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bold_Ones:_The_Senator=The Bold Ones: The Senator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Wild_(TV_series)=Born to Be Wild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Questions=The Big Questions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wannabe_(TV_series)=Wannabe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wild_(TV_series)=Call of the Wild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_in_Need_2006=Children in Need 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaShminiya=HaShminiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge_(TV_series)=London Bridge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grossology_(TV_series)=Grossology (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives=The Real Housewives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Bad=Breaking Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Kiva=Kamen Rider Kiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_You_Die_(TV_series)=And Then You Die (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indy_Mogul=Indy Mogul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Desk=The Hot Desk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Tyler_Moore:_The_20th_Anniversary_Show=Mary Tyler Moore: The 20th Anniversary Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Faces=About Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Centre_Australia=Business Centre Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mary_Tyler_Moore_Reunion=The Mary Tyler Moore Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodelo_2007=Supermodelo 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligan's_Stew=Mulligan's Stew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/999_(Malaysian_TV_series)=999 (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiling_Point_(1998_miniseries)=Boiling Point (1998 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Shadows_(1991_TV_series)=Dark Shadows (1991 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(Singapore_TV)=The Awakening (Singapore TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_of_Inconvenience=Marriage of Inconvenience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Maher:_The_Decider=Bill Maher: The Decider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_Today_(CNBC_Europe)=Europe Today (CNBC Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider's_Guide_To_Happiness=The Insider's Guide To Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Monkhouse_Hour=The Bob Monkhouse Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_Star_(season_1)=One Million Star (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangland_(TV_series)=Gangland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twinkle,_the_Dream_Being=Twinkle, the Dream Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets_Win_Prizes=Pets Win Prizes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Gets_the_Dog%3F_(ITV_drama)=Who Gets the Dog? (ITV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_(TV_series)=Volta (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Records=Pinoy Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Rehab_with_Dr._Drew=Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Kerwin_Show=The John Kerwin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(2008_TV_series)=Out of the Blue (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmospheres_(TV_series)=Atmospheres (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are%3F_(Australian_TV_series)=Who Do You Think You Are? (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Dares_Wins_(UK_game_show)=Who Dares Wins (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popples_(TV_series)=Popples (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxy_Fables=Foxy Fables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(Cold_Feet)=Pilot (Cold Feet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outback_Wildlife_Rescue=Outback Wildlife Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_on_Boffs'_Island=Sam on Boffs' Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Path_(TV_series)=The Golden Path (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joey_Bishop_Show_(talk_show)=The Joey Bishop Show (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Murder_(UK_TV_series)=Blue Murder (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Three_Girls=Take Three Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykyta_the_Fox=Mykyta the Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_Scotland=Daybreak Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_&_Fortune=Fun & Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guild_(web_series)=The Guild (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_of_Truth_(U.S._game_show)=The Moment of Truth (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janice_Dickinson_Modeling_Agency_(season_3)=The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_(National_Geographic_Channel)=Trapped (National Geographic Channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityKids=CityKids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knee_Diaries=The Knee Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheel_of_Fortune_(Philippine_game_show)=Wheel of Fortune (Philippine game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Aisi_Kyunn_Hoon=Main Aisi Kyunn Hoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Producers'_Showcase=Producers' Showcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Clarkson's_Motorworld=Jeremy Clarkson's Motorworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noel_Edmonds_Saturday_Roadshow=The Noel Edmonds Saturday Roadshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sete_Pecados=Sete Pecados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_News_at_Seven=Sky News at Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_News_Tonight=Sky News Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prince_Among_Men=A Prince Among Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sharp_End=The Sharp End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_(TV_series)=Highway (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_TVA_Week-end=Le TVA Week-end
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Dog_Loves_a_Cat=When a Dog Loves a Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor's_Law_II=Survivor's Law II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Day=The Seventh Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Punctuation=Zero Punctuation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric's_World=Eric's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Be_Santa=Must Be Santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Shayne=Michael Shayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_(East_African_TV_series)=Idols (East African TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Eat_Dog_(U.S._game_show)=Dog Eat Dog (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rootie_Kazootie=Rootie Kazootie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Rampage_vs._Team_Forrest=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Rampage vs. Team Forrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_(UK_game_show)=Duel (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe:_The_Infinite_Frontier=Universe: The Infinite Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Lulu=Princess Lulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Inc.=Adventure Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talent_Suomi=Talent Suomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Mice_from_Mars_(2006_TV_series)=Biker Mice from Mars (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_X_(web_serial)=Project X (web serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manay_Na_Ye_Dil=Manay Na Ye Dil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Timothy_Pilgrim=The Adventures of Timothy Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ego_trip's_Miss_Rap_Supreme=Ego trip's Miss Rap Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time,_The_Place=The Time, The Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_State=A Perfect State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlapci_a_chlapi=Chlapci a chlapi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Couples=The Biggest Loser: Couples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maging_Akin_Ka_Lamang=Maging Akin Ka Lamang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellezas_Indomables=Bellezas Indomables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galileo_(TV_series)=Galileo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Selfish_Giant_(1972_film)=The Selfish Giant (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_College=Zombie College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latest_Buzz=The Latest Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodelo=Supermodelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commander_(TV_series)=The Commander (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Mortem_(TV_series)=Post Mortem (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairy_Scary=Hairy Scary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Densha_Otoko_(TV_series)=Densha Otoko (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(1984_TV_series)=V (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_End_of_My_Leash=At the End of My Leash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Safety=About Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Kids=Kung Fu Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Bank_(1948_game_show)=Break the Bank (1948 game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_Are_All_Right_(game_show)=The Kids Are All Right (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaced_Out=Spaced Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Britain_USA=Little Britain USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toughest_Cowboy=Toughest Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_(UK_TV_series)=The X Factor (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_4=Idols 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_But_the_Truth_(UK_game_show)=Nothing But the Truth (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Week=Market Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_(TV_series)=Taste (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Earth:_The_Future=Planet Earth: The Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Hears_a_Who!_(TV_special)=Horton Hears a Who! (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_All_Around_(TV_series)=Love Is All Around (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opening_Bell_on_Fox_Business=The Opening Bell on Fox Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerana_Karina=Kerana Karina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Choirs=Clash of the Choirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Shift_(Irish_TV_series)=Night Shift (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoop_Dogg's_Father_Hood=Snoop Dogg's Father Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisah_Kaisara=Kisah Kaisara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.O.C.O._(Scene_of_the_Crime_Operatives)=S.O.C.O. (Scene of the Crime Operatives)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trip_na_Trip=Trip na Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchh_Is_Tara=Kuchh Is Tara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overpopulated=Overpopulated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'd_Do_Anything_(BBC_TV_series)=I'd Do Anything (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulso:_Aksyon_Balita=Pulso: Aksyon Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likeable_or_Not=Likeable or Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_I_(TV_series)=The King and I (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Sejong_the_Great_(TV_series)=King Sejong the Great (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Gil-dong_(TV_series)=Hong Gil-dong (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughters-in-Law=Daughters-in-Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Well_Soon_(TV_series)=Get Well Soon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaybo's_Grumpy_Men=Gaybo's Grumpy Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seasons_(TVB_Program)=The Seasons (TVB Program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashpoint_(TV_series)=Flashpoint (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_the_Bar_(2008_TV_series)=Raising the Bar (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outback_House=Outback House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Forever_(TV_series)=Now and Forever (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vincent_Lopez_Show=The Vincent Lopez Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_(Irish_TV_series)=The View (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Soccer=Kung Fu Soccer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_'W'_Files=The 'W' Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_at_the_Riviera=Christmas at the Riviera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Eden=The First Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasabi_Mon_Amour=Wasabi Mon Amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Sister=Dear Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Come_Back,_Soon-ae=Please Come Back, Soon-ae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_Lab=Smash Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underdogs_(TV_series)=Underdogs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doorway_to_Fame=Doorway to Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_In=Hanging In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singalong_Jubilee=Singalong Jubilee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly's_Heroes=Holly's Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Reunion_(TV_series)=High School Reunion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ttn=Ttn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shomoyer_Kotha=Shomoyer Kotha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'mon,_Have_A_Go!=C'mon, Have A Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Gods_of_Easter_Island=The Lost Gods of Easter Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amber_Time_Machine=The Amber Time Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowerbirds:_The_Art_of_Seduction=Bowerbirds: The Art of Seduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blank_on_the_Map=A Blank on the Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attenborough_in_Paradise=Attenborough in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Air=Life on Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tribal_Eye=The Tribal Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_3=Idols 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squirrels_(TV_series)=The Squirrels (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonkers_(2007_TV_series)=Bonkers (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Trader_(TV_series)=Auto Trader (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framed_(American_TV_series)=Framed (American TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CF99=CF99
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundmixshow=Soundmixshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Til_Death_Do_Us_Part_(Philippine_TV_series)='Til Death Do Us Part (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_Ed=Living with Ed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_5)=MTV Roadies (season 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Time_(TV_drama)=Double Time (TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_School=Chef School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Steps_to_Heaven_(TV_series)=Three Steps to Heaven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hammond_Meets_Evel_Knievel=Richard Hammond Meets Evel Knievel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drinky_Crow_Show=The Drinky Crow Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canned_Laughter_(sitcom)=Canned Laughter (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah_Winfrey_Presents:_Mitch_Albom's_For_One_More_Day=Oprah Winfrey Presents: Mitch Albom's For One More Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthea_Turner:_Perfect_Housewife=Anthea Turner: Perfect Housewife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_and_Only_(TV_series)=The One and Only (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_Night=Games Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Robinson_Crusoe_(TV_series)=The Adventures of Robinson Crusoe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Supermodel_No._1=Taiwan Supermodel No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florinda_(TV_series)=Florinda (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Wallpaper=Moving Wallpaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tick_(1994_TV_series)=The Tick (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_Britain=The Nature of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquer_the_Castle=Conquer the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Match_(TV_programme)=The Match (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lark_Rise_to_Candleford_(TV_series)=Lark Rise to Candleford (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_UK=Law & Order: UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverwing_(TV_series)=Silverwing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydnytt=Sydnytt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Gaming=Inside Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game60=Game60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Agents=Free Agents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_(TV_series)=Sophie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May:_My_Sisters'_Top_Toys=James May: My Sisters' Top Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuestra_Belleza_Latina=Nuestra Belleza Latina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tick_(2001_TV_series)=The Tick (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atsuhime_(drama)=Atsuhime (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gag_Concert=Gag Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basil's_Swap_Shop=Basil's Swap Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_China=Wild China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freefonix=Freefonix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Gauntlet_III=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Gauntlet III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_This_(Channel_4)=Picture This (Channel 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Punto=Al Punto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_It_Saw_It=See It Saw It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Happy_Woman=A Happy Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Game_(Indiana)=Brain Game (Indiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Tiger=Land of the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hazel_Scott_Show=The Hazel Scott Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_and_Venus=Marx and Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Me..._To_You...=To Me... To You...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_You_Millionaires=Hey You Millionaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Macabro_(TV_programme)=Mondo Macabro (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Look_Good_Naked=How to Look Good Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Wildlife_Specials=BBC Wildlife Specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_and_Chris=Steven and Chris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Susan_Raye_Show=The Susan Raye Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SP_(TV_series)=SP (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gladiators_(2008_TV_series)=American Gladiators (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Campbells=The Campbells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Duce_Canadese=Il Duce Canadese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Hauts_et_les_bas_de_Sophie_Paquin=Les Hauts et les bas de Sophie Paquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_O_Man_(Australian_game_show)=Man O Man (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainbox_Challenge=Brainbox Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bellflower_Bunnies=The Bellflower Bunnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Zed_and_the_Zee_Zone=Captain Zed and the Zee Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkson's_Car_Years=Clarkson's Car Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Speed_Racer=The New Adventures of Speed Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_10_(Australian_game_show)=Power of 10 (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Better=Never Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francie_and_Josie=Francie and Josie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Benjamin_(TV_series)=Private Benjamin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Powell's_Zane_Grey_Theatre=Dick Powell's Zane Grey Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistresses_(UK_TV_series)=Mistresses (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dotty_Mack_Show=The Dotty Mack Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babul_Ka_Aangann_Chootey_Na=Babul Ka Aangann Chootey Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drew_Pearson_Show=The Drew Pearson Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Concert=CBC Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_C.G.E._Show=The C.G.E. Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Question_(game_show)=Out of the Question (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News_Magazine=CBC News Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_House_(Canadian_TV_series)=Open House (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carica-Tours=Carica-Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Vice=City of Vice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charmer_(TV_series)=The Charmer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Around_the_Circle=All Around the Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabet_Soup_(TV_series)=Alphabet Soup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Listener_(TV_series)=The Listener (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Thing_(1991_TV_series)=Swamp Thing (1991 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laredo_(TV_series)=Laredo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telepoll=Telepoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_House_(Australian_TV_series)=Monster House (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Woman_Can_(TV_series)=Any Woman Can (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Frum_(TV_series)=Barbara Frum (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Talk_(UK_game_show)=Small Talk (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_(UK_game_show)=Child's Play (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abangan_Ang_Susunod_Na_Kabanata=Abangan Ang Susunod Na Kabanata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockdown_(TV_series)=Lockdown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(TV_miniseries)=Around the World in 80 Days (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Explain_(DVD)=Don't Explain (DVD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Railway_Journeys=Great Railway Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Vermin=Urban Vermin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Families_(CBBC_TV_series)=Happy Families (CBBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricky_Business_(UK_TV_series)=Tricky Business (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuego_en_la_sangre_(telenovela)=Fuego en la sangre (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SketchCom=SketchCom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Disco=No Disco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_on_the_Shore_(TV_serial)=Stranger on the Shore (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contender_Asia=The Contender Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPod_(TV_series)=JPod (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_Paradise=The People of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_Like_These=Friends Like These
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctors_to_Be=Doctors to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Relief_Does_The_Apprentice=Sport Relief Does The Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_After_People=Life After People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_New_York_City=The Real Housewives of New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Bali=The Miracle of Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mansion_(TV_series)=The Mansion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Mystery_(CITV)=It's a Mystery (CITV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_(TV_series)=Network (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APTN_Mainstage=APTN Mainstage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thalassa_(TV_series)=Thalassa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFL_on_CTV=CFL on CTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemur_Street=Lemur Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandwagon_with_Bob_Francis=Bandwagon with Bob Francis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambala_Investigation_Agency=Cambala Investigation Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Emergency=Animal Emergency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chopping_Block=The Chopping Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Mediums=Rescue Mediums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapamilya_Winner_Ka!=Kapamilya Winner Ka!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drug_Years=The Drug Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eto_Na_Ang_Susunod_Na_Kabanata=Eto Na Ang Susunod Na Kabanata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaya_ni_Mister,_Kaya_ni_Misis=Kaya ni Mister, Kaya ni Misis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Crawford,_Private_Eye=Ace Crawford, Private Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_(U.S._TV_series)=Top Gear (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredag_hela_veckan=Fredag hela veckan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_and_Gus=Aubrey and Gus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bim_Bam_Boom=Bim Bam Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Muggins=Maggie Muggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gill_Deacon_Show=The Gill Deacon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BingoLotto_(UK)=BingoLotto (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Pilgrim=The Naked Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Justice_(TV_series)=Frontier Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam:_The_Ten_Thousand_Day_War=Vietnam: The Ten Thousand Day War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsy's_Kindergarten_Adventures=Betsy's Kindergarten Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packed_to_the_Rafters=Packed to the Rafters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audubon_Wildlife_Theatre=Audubon Wildlife Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_To_Go=Chef To Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical!_Die_Show=Musical! Die Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dombey_and_Son_(TV_serial)=Dombey and Son (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_It_(TV_series)=Do It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Melek_(TV_series)=Kara Melek (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_O_Man_(UK_game_show)=Man O Man (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_(TV_series)=Bedtime (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_High_School_Musical=My High School Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frank_Skinner_Show=The Frank Skinner Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rider_(2008_TV_series)=Knight Rider (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defectors_(game_show)=Defectors (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_and_Hardy_(animated_series)=Laurel and Hardy (animated series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_(TV_series)=Mud (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_McCluskey=Mona McCluskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Hills_(TV_series)=Baldwin Hills (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Baio_Is_46...and_Pregnant=Scott Baio Is 46...and Pregnant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbuster_movies=Blackbuster movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_at_Home_(TV_series)=Safe at Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_(TV_series)=Becoming (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.S.P._(TV_series)=E.S.P. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_Bell_Rings_(U.S.)=As the Bell Rings (U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewish_Americans=The Jewish Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_at_6:30=News at 6:30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Signs=Time Signs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Team_Extra=Time Team Extra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Hunters=History Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Team_Digs=Time Team Digs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Country_(TV_series)=Gone Country (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Long_John_Silver=The Adventures of Long John Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Action=Circus Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wacky_World_of_Tex_Avery=The Wacky World of Tex Avery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_Be_Kings=Would Be Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latremenoi_Mou_Geitones=Latremenoi Mou Geitones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mr._Men_Show=The Mr. Men Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XYZ_(game_show)=XYZ (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_Hockey=Legends of Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Friends_(1973_TV_series)=Super Friends (1973 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_du_propre_!=C'est du propre !
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Express_(TV_series)=Morning Express (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(TV_series)=Lucky (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Rice_House=Our Rice House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaPijamot=HaPijamot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Reality_(TV_series)=Beyond Reality (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Muscle_Car=American Muscle Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploring_(TV_series)=Exploring (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_(TV_series)=Oasis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotten_Ralph=Rotten Ralph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortier_(TV_series)=Fortier (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Mind=Dangerous Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaputol_ng_Isang_Awit=Kaputol ng Isang Awit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proclaim!=Proclaim!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Express=Canadian Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Lonesome_Dove=Return to Lonesome Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amateur's_Guide_to_Love=Amateur's Guide to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Letter_(U.S._game_show)=Chain Letter (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_'73=Arts '73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_North_Central_Luzon=TV Patrol North Central Luzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_Lang_Ang_Mamahalin=Ikaw Lang Ang Mamahalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_Hunters=UFO Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beto_Rockfeller=Beto Rockfeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hill_(TV_series)=The Hill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_Gone_Wild=Stars Gone Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathmakers=Mathmakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Next_Top_Model=Italia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galloping_Galaxies!=Galloping Galaxies!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deals_on_Wheels=Deals on Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mash_and_Peas=Mash and Peas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Chimp_Eden=Escape to Chimp Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Redneck_Wedding=My Big Redneck Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_Reunion:_The_Return_to_Southfork=Dallas Reunion: The Return to Southfork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Eternity=The Art of Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Spain=The Art of Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooty_(TV_series)=Sooty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dad_Is_Better_Than_Your_Dad=My Dad Is Better Than Your Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinniku_Banzuke=Kinniku Banzuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collaborators=The Collaborators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cariboo_Country_(TV_series)=Cariboo Country (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_6=Club 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Smith_Playhouse=Steve Smith Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_(Quebec_TV_series)=Providence (Quebec TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skooled=Skooled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavender_(TV_series)=Lavender (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istayl_Naton=Istayl Naton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detectives_(1959_TV_series)=The Detectives (1959 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_the_Beanstalk:_The_Real_Story=Jack and the Beanstalk: The Real Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lud,_zbunjen,_normalan=Lud, zbunjen, normalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AgDay=AgDay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Shadows=Magic Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitre_10_Dream_Home=Mitre 10 Dream Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zoo_(Australian_TV_series)=The Zoo (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_in_the_World_(UK_game_show)=Where in the World (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Groovy_Show=The Groovy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Leung's_Choose_Your_Own_Adventure=Lawrence Leung's Choose Your Own Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suite_Life_on_Deck=The Suite Life on Deck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Squad_(TV_series)=Murder Squad (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Scent=The Beautiful Scent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Yours=Show Me Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_Vengeance=Code of Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bunch_of_Fives=A Bunch of Fives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Princess_D=Princess Princess D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Radio_(TV_series)=Free Radio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Girls=Boy Meets Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shootout_(TV_series)=Shootout (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_and_Rescue_(Australian_TV_series)=Search and Rescue (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Friends_(1980_TV_series)=Super Friends (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Best_Dance_Crew=America's Best Dance Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(1960_TV_series)=Angel (1960 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Sun_(2002_miniseries)=Season of the Sun (2002 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salt-N-Pepa_Show=The Salt-N-Pepa Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Tontas_No_Van_al_Cielo=Las Tontas No Van al Cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Starz=Gang Starz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dick_Tracy_Show=The Dick Tracy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Peyton_Place_(TV_series)=Return to Peyton Place (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaire_Matchmaker=The Millionaire Matchmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Allen_and_Friends=Lily Allen and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_NightCap=The NightCap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavor_of_Love_Girls:_Charm_School=Flavor of Love Girls: Charm School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tightrope!=Tightrope!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-perimental=X-perimental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_Division=Gemini Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Dreamgirl=Malaysian Dreamgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Puzzle_(TV_series)=The Chinese Puzzle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_10_(NHL_Network)=Top 10 (NHL Network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Voices_(TV_series)=Other Voices (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kath_&_Kim_(U.S._TV_series)=Kath & Kim (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correlli=Correlli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Husbands=The Stepford Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Earth=Action Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Enemy_(TV_series)=The Last Enemy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Newlyweds=Here Come the Newlyweds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Tube=Rude Tube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Guerre_des_clans=La Guerre des clans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Court_with_Judge_Penny=Family Court with Judge Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Black's_Root_of_All_Evil=Lewis Black's Root of All Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cut_(Australian_TV_series)=The Cut (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OutTHERE=OutTHERE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Stepford_Wives=Revenge of the Stepford Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6pack=6pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Kitchen_Garden=The Victorian Kitchen Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred's_Head=Fred's Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Human_(UK_TV_series)=Being Human (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_Backstage=Idol Backstage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesh_Safari=Eesh Safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transamerican_Love_Story=Transamerican Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_&_Arcade_Top_10=Video & Arcade Top 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pussycat_Dolls_Present:_Girlicious=The Pussycat Dolls Present: Girlicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_television_Apollo_11_coverage=British television Apollo 11 coverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_for_Me_and_My_House_(TV_series)=As for Me and My House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seekers_(TV_series)=Seekers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janice_&_Abbey=Janice & Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Trackside=NASCAR Trackside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp_in_Afghanistan=Ross Kemp in Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Mamahalin_Mo_Lang_Ako=Kung Mamahalin Mo Lang Ako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agawin_Mo_Man_Ang_Lahat=Agawin Mo Man Ang Lahat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaponology=Weaponology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Getting_Nowhere=We're Getting Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackassworld.com:_24_Hour_Takeover=Jackassworld.com: 24 Hour Takeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zut!=Zut!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freezing_(TV_series)=Freezing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_at_Dawn=Daily at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neat_(TV_series)=Neat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Inc.=Design Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hero_of_Comedy=New Hero of Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passions_of_Girls_Aloud=The Passions of Girls Aloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_TV=Eureka TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_Ryder_and_the_Calgary_Kid=Range Ryder and the Calgary Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_(2008_TV_series)=Ghost (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_Conducta=Mala Conducta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Continuing_Mission=Star Trek: The Continuing Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_Woman=Notorious Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSN_Live=GSN Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_National_(TV_series)=Le National (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Assembly_Required_(TV_series)=Some Assembly Required (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Don't_Eat_the_Daisies_(TV_series)=Please Don't Eat the Daisies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyNews.com=SkyNews.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath:_Population_Zero=Aftermath: Population Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pussycat_Dolls_Present:_The_Search_for_the_Next_Doll=The Pussycat Dolls Present: The Search for the Next Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kis_Desh_Mein_Hai_Meraa_Dil=Kis Desh Mein Hai Meraa Dil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playhouse_Disney_Morning=Playhouse Disney Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Important_People=Very Important People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Amor=Don Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Before_Time=Time Before Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weekenders_(TV_pilot)=The Weekenders (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaby's_Xtraordinary_Files=Gaby's Xtraordinary Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_(TV_series)=Barney (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taniec_z_gwiazdami=Taniec z gwiazdami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Star=Afghan Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mr._Science_Show=The Mr. Science Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_'73=Casanova '73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million's_Poet=Million's Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dis/Connected=Dis/Connected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_One_Roof_(2008_TV_series)=Under One Roof (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peso_Pesado_2=Peso Pesado 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zula_Patrol=The Zula Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deafplanet=Deafplanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_the_Runway=Rip the Runway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_World_(sitcom)=Perfect World (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Crime_UK=Street Crime UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugh's_Chicken_Run=Hugh's Chicken Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_and_Eric_Nite_Live!=Tim and Eric Nite Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fine_Day_(TV_series)=One Fine Day (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Know=The Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Ground_Gear_Force=Top Ground Gear Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Gold_(TV_series)=Comedy Gold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleek_Geeks=Sleek Geeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doo_Daruwo=Doo Daruwo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amne$ia=Amne$ia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ispup=Ispup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delfy_and_His_Friends=Delfy and His Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Little_Carp=The Adventures of Little Carp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Men_'75=G-Men '75
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristocrats_(TV_series)=Aristocrats (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wa$ted!_(New_Zealand)=Wa$ted! (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain-Jitsu=Brain-Jitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny's_New_Kingdom=Johnny's New Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Soccer=Monday Night Soccer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_a_Family=The Birth of a Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_classe_de_5e=La classe de 5e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockin'_Through_the_Decades=Rockin' Through the Decades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medyo_Late_Night_Show_with_Jojo_A.=The Medyo Late Night Show with Jojo A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperCars_Exposed=SuperCars Exposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girl_(2008_TV_series)=My Girl (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Lost!=Get Lost!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganges_(BBC_TV_series)=Ganges (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Planet_Earth=Saving Planet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasili's_Garden=Vasili's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Important_Things_with_Demetri_Martin=Important Things with Demetri Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Shocking_Story=My Shocking Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supersize_vs_Superskinny=Supersize vs Superskinny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Wants_a_Wife_(U.S._TV_series)=Farmer Wants a Wife (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1600_Pennsylvania_Avenue_(TV_series)=1600 Pennsylvania Avenue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_at_Cooking=Pro at Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viuda_Alegre=Viuda Alegre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Persons_(TV_series)=Missing Persons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inspector_Alleyn_Mysteries=The Inspector Alleyn Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Fiction=Pop Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Love_(TV_series)=Mother Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NET_Playhouse=NET Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Days_to_War=10 Days to War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookin'_with_Coolio=Cookin' with Coolio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulitzer_Prize_Playhouse=Pulitzer Prize Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fixer_(TV_series)=The Fixer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ax_Men=Ax Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Negus_Tonight=George Negus Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinky_Dog=Dinky Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_No._1_Ladies'_Detective_Agency_(TV_series)=The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.I.E.=D.I.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narito_Ang_Puso_Ko=Narito Ang Puso Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(Malaysia,_season_1)=So You Think You Can Dance (Malaysia, season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Just_the_Woman_in_Me=That's Just the Woman in Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutty_Squirrels_Present=The Nutty Squirrels Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_and_Friends=Ricardo and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milionerzy=Milionerzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truckers_(1992_TV_series)=Truckers (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdusa_Ka=Magdusa Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_(Belgian_TV_series)=Sara (Belgian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ben_and_Dave_Show=The Ben and Dave Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropic_of_Capricorn_(BBC_TV_series)=Tropic of Capricorn (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Modern_Art=This is Modern Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Quest=World of Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallery_of_Madame_Liu-Tsong=The Gallery of Madame Liu-Tsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Wonder's_Workshop=Dr. Wonder's Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wall_(TV_series)=The Wall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Pampanga=TV Patrol Pampanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia's_Diary=Sofia's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_&_Olly:_Living_with_the_Tribes=Mark & Olly: Living with the Tribes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Hello_Kitty_&_Friends=The Adventures of Hello Kitty & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aap_Ki_Kachehri=Aap Ki Kachehri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_House_(1959_TV_serial)=Bleak House (1959 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laochra_Gael=Laochra Gael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90210_(TV_series)=90210 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Pratchett's_Going_Postal=Terry Pratchett's Going Postal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_the_Ropes=Learning the Ropes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Fish_(TV_series)=Flying Fish (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seletar_Robbery=Seletar Robbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toucan_Tecs=Toucan Tecs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoBingo=GoBingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Journey_Called_Life=A Journey Called Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapna_Babul_Ka...Bidaai=Sapna Babul Ka...Bidaai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News2day=News2day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fated_to_Love_You_(2008_TV_series)=Fated to Love You (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonas_Brothers:_Living_the_Dream=Jonas Brothers: Living the Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_They_Now%3F_(VH1_TV_series)=Where Are They Now? (VH1 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleveland_Show=The Cleveland Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangue_do_Meu_Sangue=Sangue do Meu Sangue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasileiras_e_Brasileiros=Brasileiras e Brasileiros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nass_Mlah_City=Nass Mlah City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_(TV_series)=Lost (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boone_(TV_series)=Boone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_360=Crime 360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Viagem=A Viagem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_on_Sunset=Dance on Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Bench=On the Bench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Camp=Adventure Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Williams:_Fantabulosa!=Kenneth Williams: Fantabulosa!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Talents_of_the_Stars=Secret Talents of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Lover=Angel Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mard-e_Hezar-Chehreh=Mard-e Hezar-Chehreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soupe_Opera=Soupe Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_What_Now%3F=So What Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commander_Safeguard=Commander Safeguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_RuPaul_Show=The RuPaul Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_KC=I Am KC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoober-Bloob_Highway=The Hoober-Bloob Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_Files_of_Alistair_Fury=The Revenge Files of Alistair Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_(Czech_TV_series)=X Factor (Czech TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nass_Mlah_City_2=Nass Mlah City 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ants_in_Your_Pants=Ants in Your Pants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasshish=Kasshish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Discworld=Welcome to the Discworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_My_Kid's_a_Star=I Know My Kid's a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Tonight_(Ireland)=Sports Tonight (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Iibigin_Ay_Ikaw=Ang Iibigin Ay Ikaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Confidential_(TV_series)=High School Confidential (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nass_Mlah_City_3=Nass Mlah City 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code:_9=Code: 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_at_Home=Chef at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Money:_The_Story_of_the_Criminal_Assets_Bureau=Dirty Money: The Story of the Criminal Assets Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_C=Studio C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ne_daj_se,_Nina=Ne daj se, Nina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amas_de_Casa_Desesperadas_(U.S._TV_series)=Amas de Casa Desesperadas (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_Queen:_Summer_Heat=Prom Queen: Summer Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_WheelHouse=The WheelHouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Balita=I-Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBC_News_Tonight=IBC News Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hareport=Hareport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Plate=Pass the Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Bedbugs=My Bedbugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Confidential_(TV_series)=Kitchen Confidential (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Iibigin_Ay_Ikaw_Pa_Rin=Ang Iibigin Ay Ikaw Pa Rin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebracadabra=Celebracadabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_1_TV=Special 1 TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_Canada=So You Think You Can Dance Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raging_Planet=Raging Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rules:_All_Stars=Road Rules: All Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_en_tiempos_revueltos=Amar en tiempos revueltos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Ventures=Micro Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_B!=The Mighty B!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatski_Top_Model=Hrvatski Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headcases=Headcases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Green_Help=The Big Green Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Robots=Rescue Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Austen=Lost in Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_Na_Sana=Ikaw Na Sana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Project_(film)=The Project (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogi_the_Easter_Bear=Yogi the Easter Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Gristle=The House of Gristle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingo_America=Bingo America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hole_in_the_Wall_(Australian_game_show)=Hole in the Wall (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiks_Presents:_Kapitan_Boom=Komiks Presents: Kapitan Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monitor_(British_TV_series)=Monitor (British TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Pirata=Alma Pirata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casados_con_Hijos_(Argentina)=Casados con Hijos (Argentina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangam_(TV_series)=Sangam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_de_Fierro=Son de Fierro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_at_Love_II_with_Tila_Tequila=A Shot at Love II with Tila Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Slapdown=Comedy Slapdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agila_(TV_series)=Agila (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Brave_and_the_Bold=Batman: The Brave and the Bold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Cruickshank's_Adventures_in_Architecture=Dan Cruickshank's Adventures in Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_For_3=1 For 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daboy_en_Da_Girl=Daboy en Da Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Muna=Kiss Muna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Heart_(TV_series)=New Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_(TV_series)=Merlin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Worst_Enemy_(TV_series)=My Own Worst Enemy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusoe_(TV_series)=Crusoe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tonight_Show_with_Conan_O'Brien=The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovingly_Yours,_Helen=Lovingly Yours, Helen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live_Weekend_Update_Thursday=Saturday Night Live Weekend Update Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1960_film)=Macbeth (1960 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Lemon's_Very_Brilliant_World_Tour=Keith Lemon's Very Brilliant World Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumor_Has_It_(game_show)=Rumor Has It (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_the_'80s_(UK_TV_series)=I Love the '80s (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastor_Greg=Pastor Greg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finland's_Next_Top_Model=Finland's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Star=Beat the Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flockton_Flyer=The Flockton Flyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kto_khochet_stat'_millionerom%3F=Kto khochet stat' millionerom?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bli_Sodot=Bli Sodot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiadhanush=Indiadhanush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoze_Houndz=Hoze Houndz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kid's_a_Star=My Kid's a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerball_Instant_Millionaire=Powerball Instant Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingo_(UK_game_show)=Lingo (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsui_Women_(TV_series)=Samsui Women (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butch_Patterson:_Private_Dick=Butch Patterson: Private Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Boy_Troop=Galaxy Boy Troop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cartoonstitute=The Cartoonstitute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Plain_Sight=In Plain Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_By_Your_Man_(TV_series)=Stand By Your Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joey_Bishop_Show_(sitcom)=The Joey Bishop Show (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_Ba't_Ikaw=Di Ba't Ikaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Witch_(TV_series)=The Worst Witch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Seaside_Parish=A Seaside Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XHDRbZ=XHDRbZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Mawawala_Ka=Kung Mawawala Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_You_Duet=Can You Duet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliding_On=Gliding On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanggang_Kailan=Hanggang Kailan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_1980s_Strawberry_Shortcake_specials=List of 1980s Strawberry Shortcake specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Shortcake_(2003_TV_series)=Strawberry Shortcake (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_Talent=Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_MMA=Inside MMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlands_(TV_series)=Highlands (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_World_News=CNN World News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahit_Kailan=Kahit Kailan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_School_Bus_(TV_series)=The Magic School Bus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirasa_Dancing_Stars=Sirasa Dancing Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_et_Thomas=Ben et Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastikids=Fantastikids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Oras_Central_Visayas=24 Oras Central Visayas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulevard_of_Broken_Dreams_(TV_series)=Boulevard of Broken Dreams (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Cavalier=The Gay Cavalier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juniper_Jungle=Juniper Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlene_Marlowe_Investigates=Marlene Marlowe Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biz_(TV_series)=The Biz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ako_si_Kim_Samsoon=Ako si Kim Samsoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_the_White_Dolphin=Zoom the White Dolphin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fine_Day_(IPTV_series)=One Fine Day (IPTV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamari_Betiyoon_Ka_Vivaah=Hamari Betiyoon Ka Vivaah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makita_Ka_Lang_Muli=Makita Ka Lang Muli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Goldfish_Is_Evil=My Goldfish Is Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Dama_de_Troya=La Dama de Troya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Mechanics=Planet Mechanics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stream=The Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_Run_(TV_series)=Logan's Run (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Theatre=Nightmare Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_Now=Catch Me Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_10_LDN=West 10 LDN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_ER=Mystery ER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Ilocos=TV Patrol Ilocos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verano_del_'98=Verano del '98
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Greeks=Great Greeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Big_Show=Da Big Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howie_Do_It=Howie Do It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallander_(UK_TV_series)=Wallander (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribou_Kitchen=Caribou Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beiderbecke_Trilogy=The Beiderbecke Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynila_(TV_series)=Maynila (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Jeeta_Wohi_Super_Star=Jo Jeeta Wohi Super Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoia_(game_show)=Paranoia (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Shakespeare_(TV_series)=Will Shakespeare (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Squad_(TV_series)=Ghost Squad (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incident_(1990_film)=The Incident (1990 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Building_Blocks_of_Life=The Building Blocks of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deion_&_Pilar:_Prime_Time_Love=Deion & Pilar: Prime Time Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dames_in_de_Dop_1=Dames in de Dop 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dames_in_de_Dop_2=Dames in de Dop 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_at_Six_(Hong_Kong_TV_programme)=News at Six (Hong Kong TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code-Breakers=The Code-Breakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Live=Missing Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokdim_Im_Kokhavim=Rokdim Im Kokhavim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rotten_Fruit=The Rotten Fruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_Star_(season_2)=One Million Star (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codename:_Asero=Codename: Asero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_We_Met=Monsters We Met
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_Scandinavia=So You Think You Can Dance Scandinavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_for_Sale=Holidays for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_(TV_series)=Celia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_with_Jimmy_Fallon=Late Night with Jimmy Fallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV's_The_Lair=MTV's The Lair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Planet=Frozen Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argai:_The_Prophecy=Argai: The Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_Blitz=Domestic Blitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Quiz=Shell Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We'll_Get_By=We'll Get By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playr=Playr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTL_Samstag_Nacht=RTL Samstag Nacht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draadstaal=Draadstaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisibles_(TV_series)=The Invisibles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shnaim_Ohazin=Shnaim Ohazin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mallens=The Mallens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel's_Christmas_Presents=Noel's Christmas Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tottie:_The_Story_of_a_Doll's_House=Tottie: The Story of a Doll's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VoxTalk=VoxTalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_000=Fire 000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Handler_(TV_series)=The Handler (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Serrano=Los Serrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patito_Feo=Patito Feo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyosa=Dyosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Music_Box=Video Music Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoarders=Hoarders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Juramento=El Juramento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trexx_and_Flipside=Trexx and Flipside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_Wolfe_(1981_TV_series)=Nero Wolfe (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Families=The Biggest Loser: Families
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mag_TV_Na=Mag TV Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betty_Hutton_Show=The Betty Hutton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_&_Myer_for_Hire=Mack & Myer for Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Me_(TV_series)=Deliver Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Elizabeth=Life with Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Report_to_Murphy=Report to Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inbetweeners=The Inbetweeners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcode_Challenge=Postcode Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Fight=Ultra Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(Malaysia,_season_2)=So You Think You Can Dance (Malaysia, season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_Soup=Emerald Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty_Campaign:_Speak_Up=Poverty Campaign: Speak Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NY_Wired=NY Wired
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AWA_All-Star_Wrestling=AWA All-Star Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_Day_(TV_series)=Lovely Day (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Clown=The Magic Clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_Alive=Dragons Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dennis_O'Keefe_Show=The Dennis O'Keefe Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Up_Buddy=Bringing Up Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Halloween=The Last Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_5:_On_the_Case=Famous 5: On the Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strip_(Australian_TV_series)=The Strip (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom's_Dead_Upset=Mom's Dead Upset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popjapan.tv=Popjapan.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Spicy_Meets_Sweet=When Spicy Meets Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History's_Business=History's Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Love=Rolling Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Headliners=Bowling Headliners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Food_Hero=Local Food Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Ki_Aayegi_Baraat_(TV_series)=Raja Ki Aayegi Baraat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smurfs_(TV_series)=The Smurfs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spycatcher_(TV_series)=Spycatcher (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Type=Hot Type
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Office=Office Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoon_(Philippine_TV_program)=Spoon (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_M=Dial M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nokia_Green_Room=The Nokia Green Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Only_Young_Twice=You're Only Young Twice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warehouse_13=Warehouse 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Solve_a_Problem_Like_Maria%3F_(Canada)=How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria? (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Chamber_of_Sorrows=The Silver Chamber of Sorrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfit_(TV_series)=The Misfit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Querida_Enemiga=Querida Enemiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans_(1971_series)=The Last of the Mohicans (1971 series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbird_(TV_series)=Songbird (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Pris=Y Pris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Delivery=Three Delivery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rastamouse=Rastamouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Map_of_Britain=Comedy Map of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marge_and_Jeff=Marge and Jeff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackpot_Bowling=Jackpot Bowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_a_Branch_Line_(TV_series)=Love on a Branch Line (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligaw_na_Bulaklak=Ligaw na Bulaklak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Rosary_Crusade_(TV_program)=Family Rosary Crusade (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_(TV_series)=City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Any_Means_(2008_TV_series)=By Any Means (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chic-a-Go-Go=Chic-a-Go-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love:_Charm_School=Rock of Love: Charm School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_of_an_Alien=Natural History of an Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_American_Life_(TV_series)=This American Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_News_at_Five=BBC News at Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titans_(Canadian_TV_series)=Titans (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Big_Girl_Now=I'm a Big Girl Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_of_Life_(TV_series)=Rhythm of Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex:_The_Revolution=Sex: The Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braingames=Braingames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Choir_Standing=Last Choir Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_(U.S._TV_series)=Kings (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Australia=Project Runway Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Nogueira_vs._Team_Mir=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Nogueira vs. Team Mir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Window_on_Main_Street=Window on Main Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Ruled_the_World_(game_show)=If I Ruled the World (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Brooklyn=The Real World: Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2008_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2008 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Disturb_(TV_series)=Do Not Disturb (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Join_Joanie=Let's Join Joanie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamari_Devrani=Hamari Devrani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run,_Buddy,_Run=Run, Buddy, Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auschwitz:_The_Nazis_and_'The_Final_Solution'=Auschwitz: The Nazis and 'The Final Solution'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hip_Hurray=Hip Hip Hurray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Century=War of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Hitler=Killing Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleventh_Hour_(U.S._TV_series)=Eleventh Hour (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulheres_Apaixonadas=Mulheres Apaixonadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stylista=Stylista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoop_Kinare=Dhoop Kinare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ex_List=The Ex List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beagles_(TV_series)=The Beagles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_What_You_Know=It's Not What You Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Unmarried=Gary Unmarried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Down,_Shut_Up_(2009_TV_series)=Sit Down, Shut Up (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartbeat=Hartbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InfoMania=InfoMania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Kids=Saving Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Furlong=The Last Furlong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monroes_(1966_TV_series)=The Monroes (1966 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_B_Normal%3F=Y B Normal?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goode_Family=The Goode Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paths_to_Freedom=Paths to Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Guest=House Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House_(UK_TV_series)=Full House (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Riders=Eagle Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Happy_Returns_(TV_series)=Many Happy Returns (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brink=The Brink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Down_(TV_series)=Don't Look Down (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG3=TG3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margie_(TV_series)=Margie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_BBC=PBA on BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_MBS=PBA on MBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mole_(U.S._TV_series)=The Mole (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groomer_Has_It=Groomer Has It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfair_(drama)=Unfair (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_British_Girl=Hitler's British Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_American_Bodies=Young American Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst_Best_Friends=Worst Best Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iisa_Pa_Lamang=Iisa Pa Lamang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Most_Dangerous_Magic=The World's Most Dangerous Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Ways_to_Die=1000 Ways to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Se_Badhkar_Ek_(Zee_TV)=Ek Se Badhkar Ek (Zee TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_Family=Zoo Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_(2007_TV_series)=The Code (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_Guts=Misery Guts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Ramsay=Young Ramsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Millionaire=The Secret Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_of_the_Artful_Dodger=Escape of the Artful Dodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugo=Sugo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_to_the_Closing_Bell=Countdown to the Closing Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpo_Dourado=Corpo Dourado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hole_in_the_Wall_(U.S._game_show)=Hole in the Wall (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Life_(1968_TV_series)=That's Life (1968 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Churchill:_The_Wilderness_Years=Winston Churchill: The Wilderness Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ninja_Challenge=American Ninja Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Away_(TV_series)=Breaking Away (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Owl_(TV_series)=The Owl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q.E.D._(BBC_TV_series)=Q.E.D. (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SamSam=SamSam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Got_the_Look=She's Got the Look
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Avenue_(teletext_soap)=Park Avenue (teletext soap)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News:_The_Scene=CBC News: The Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stake_Out_(game_show)=Stake Out (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Free_(TV_series)=Home Free (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaano_Kadalas_ang_Minsan_(TV_series)=Gaano Kadalas ang Minsan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duck's_50th_Birthday=Donald Duck's 50th Birthday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenie's_Castle=Queenie's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestro_(TV_series)=Maestro (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Bananas=No Bananas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_in_the_Afternoon=April in the Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_(TV_series)=Police (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wattoo_Wattoo_Super_Bird=Wattoo Wattoo Super Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Rules=Davis Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lick=The Lick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Friends=Forest Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bonne_aventure=La Bonne aventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armed_Forces_Hour=The Armed Forces Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Ages=Battle of the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_Death_(TV_drama)=Kiss of Death (TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_(1990_TV_series)=Zorro (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro:_Generation_Z=Zorro: Generation Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Zorro_(1997_TV_series)=The New Adventures of Zorro (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_California_Raisin_Show=The California Raisin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_'n_Play_(TV_series)=Kid 'n Play (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Romans_Did_for_Us=What the Romans Did for Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_of_Friese-Greene=The Lost World of Friese-Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_of_Tibet=The Lost World of Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Journeys_with_Dan_Cruickshank=Egyptian Journeys with Dan Cruickshank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Best_Buildings=Britain's Best Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvels_of_the_Modern_Age=Marvels of the Modern Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towering_Ambitions:_Dan_Cruickshank_at_Ground_Zero=Towering Ambitions: Dan Cruickshank at Ground Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gagambino=Gagambino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magicland=Magicland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_Solar_Sports=PBA on Solar Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwatch_with_Steve_Scott=Nightwatch with Steve Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Survived_a_Japanese_Game_Show=I Survived a Japanese Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money-Maker_Recipe=The Money-Maker Recipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_SOS=Wedding SOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulging_Brides=Bulging Brides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrott's_Lib=Carrott's Lib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.O.W._(TV_series)=P.O.W. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Body_(web_series)=Foreign Body (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipeout_(2008_U.S._game_show)=Wipeout (2008 U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barail_Bhoireannach=Barail Bhoireannach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.A.D._Cats=B.A.D. Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Girl_(TV_series)=Working Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Merton_in_India=Paul Merton in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Pays_to_Watch!=It Pays to Watch!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Creatures_Great_and_Small_(TV_series)=All Creatures Great and Small (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_Kang_Naging_Akin=Una Kang Naging Akin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_Quiz=The Book Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Vintage=WWE Vintage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Fonda=Eva Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_(Croatian_TV_show)=Showtime (Croatian TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_2_LIVE=Studio 2 LIVE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ni_Hao,_Kai-Lan=Ni Hao, Kai-Lan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Command_(TV_series)=Space Command (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oralno_doba=Oralno doba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agter_Elke_Man=Agter Elke Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZDF_Fernsehgarten=ZDF Fernsehgarten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Betty_La_Fea=I Love Betty La Fea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Mater_(play)=Alma Mater (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russ_Abbot_Show=The Russ Abbot Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_MMO_Report=The MMO Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Forget_the_Lyrics!_(UK)=Don't Forget the Lyrics! (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaLola_(Philippine_TV_series)=LaLola (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supersizers...=The Supersizers...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_(game_show)=Challenger (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(2008_TV_series)=Rush (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Legends_(TV_series)=Urban Legends (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Left_Earth:_The_NASA_Missions=When We Left Earth: The NASA Missions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_100=Get 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallafornia=Tallafornia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_His,_Divorce_Hers=Divorce His, Divorce Hers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_on_the_March=Youth on the March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plainclothesman=The Plainclothesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saber_y_ganar=Saber y ganar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomen_huippumalli_haussa_(cycle_1)=Suomen huippumalli haussa (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryokiteki_na_Kanojo_(Japanese_television_drama)=Ryokiteki na Kanojo (Japanese television drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Night=Soccer Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_Oliver=Gideon Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsy_Bitsy_Spider_(TV_series)=Itsy Bitsy Spider (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Star=Ocean Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outsiders_Inn=Outsiders Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90-60-90_Modelos=90-60-90 Modelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_Top_20=Euro Top 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Kingdoms_(TV_series)=Three Kingdoms (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctors_(2008_TV_series)=The Doctors (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(1984_TV_series)=Crash (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubbernecker_(TV_series)=Rubbernecker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Choirs=Battle of the Choirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aquabats!_Super_Show!=The Aquabats! Super Show!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_the_American_Teenager=The Secret Life of the American Teenager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Femme_(TV_series)=La Femme (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Up_(miniseries)=Burn Up (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_and_Amir=Jake and Amir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Loves_Sharon=Mark Loves Sharon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig's_Breakfast=Pig's Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiero_Bailar=Quiero Bailar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Pieces_(TV_series)=Missing Pieces (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Wall_(TV_series)=Off the Wall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Roberts_(TV_series)=Mister Roberts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Allan_Cameron_Show=The John Allan Cameron Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortysomething_(TV_series)=Fortysomething (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wa$ted!_(U.S._TV_series)=Wa$ted! (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bit_of_Fry_&_Laurie=A Bit of Fry & Laurie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Darwin_Didn't_Know=What Darwin Didn't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Wild=Out of the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwang_Jini_(TV_series)=Hwang Jini (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG5=TG5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickens_(docudrama)=Dickens (docudrama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(Irish_TV_series)=The Apprentice (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_Life=Joe's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Gold_(TV_series)=Black Gold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Everglades_(TV_series)=The Everglades (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basement_Sublet_of_Horror=The Basement Sublet of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_(TV_series)=Queen's (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillar_of_Fire_(documentary)=Pillar of Fire (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napalm_Death:_Thrash_to_Death=Napalm Death: Thrash to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_and_Son=Zorro and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_and_Gnasher_(1996_TV_series)=Dennis the Menace and Gnasher (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FNMTV=FNMTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_in_Their_Eyes_(New_Zealand)=Stars in Their Eyes (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(BBC_TV_series)=Life (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bees_(TV_series)=Queen Bees (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt's_Ten_Greatest_Discoveries=Egypt's Ten Greatest Discoveries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Splitsvilla=MTV Splitsvilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Wagon=Party Wagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Watch_9=News Watch 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonekickers=Bonekickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land's_End_(TV_series)=Land's End (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingo_Night_Live=Bingo Night Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailblazers_(XLEAGUE.TV_series)=Trailblazers (XLEAGUE.TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Cops:_South_Africa=Animal Cops: South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookin'_Cheap=Cookin' Cheap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_of_Silence=Speech of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeeMore's_Playhouse=SeeMore's Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Favorita=A Favorita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Rated=R. Rated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Poop_Deck=Tales from the Poop Deck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chicas_Project=The Chicas Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokhav_Nolad_6=Kokhav Nolad 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leverage_(TV_series)=Leverage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Grief,_Charlie_Brown:_A_Tribute_to_Charles_Schulz=Good Grief, Charlie Brown: A Tribute to Charles Schulz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_Named_Charlie_Brown_(1963_film)=A Boy Named Charlie Brown (1963 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Your_20th_Television_Anniversary,_Charlie_Brown=It's Your 20th Television Anniversary, Charlie Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privileged_(TV_series)=Privileged (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FYI_(TV_series)=FYI (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Marca_del_Deseo=La Marca del Deseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nest_(TV_series)=The Nest (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workaholics=Workaholics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cher..._Special=Cher... Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Cavett_Meets_ABBA=Dick Cavett Meets ABBA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_McNab's_Tour_of_Duty=Andy McNab's Tour of Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_the_Champions_(TV_series)=We Are the Champions (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straightaway=Straightaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_My_Job_(Philippine_TV_program)=That's My Job (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel's_Next_Top_Model=Israel's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sordid_Lives:_The_Series=Sordid Lives: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkees_(TV_series)=The Monkees (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/87th_Precinct_(TV_series)=87th Precinct (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kishkashta=Kishkashta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow_Mali=Wow Mali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CelebAir=CelebAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_City=Pig City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Jones_(TV_series)=Tom Jones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooke_Knows_Best=Brooke Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganbare!!_Robocon=Ganbare!! Robocon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dave_&_Kerley_Show=The Dave & Kerley Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landward=Landward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Dares,_Sings!=Who Dares, Sings!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Ullman_in_the_Trailer_Tales=Tracey Ullman in the Trailer Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperBand=SuperBand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Cartel_(TV_series)=El Cartel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Ullman:_Live_and_Exposed=Tracey Ullman: Live and Exposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mentalist=The Mentalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Simon_Locke=Dr. Simon Locke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Missing_Top_Model=Britain's Missing Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Impact_(TV_series)=Sudden Impact (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_and_Gears=Blood, Sweat and Gears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Basketball_on_NBC=College Basketball on NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iljimae=Iljimae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Quite_Human_II=Not Quite Human II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Justice_(TV_series)=Criminal Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_!!!!_Beat=The !!!! Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totoy_Bato=Totoy Bato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Fever_2:_Primal_Fury=Jungle Fever 2: Primal Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busytown_Mysteries=Busytown Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waiting_Game_(game_show)=The Waiting Game (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Chu_Liuxiang_(2007_TV_series)=The Legend of Chu Liuxiang (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Cross_Heroes=Victoria Cross Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Said,_She_Said_(TV_series)=He Said, She Said (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrink_Rap_(TV_series)=Shrink Rap (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddington_(1975_TV_series)=Paddington (1975 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Stone=Aaron Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_You,_Charlie_Brown:_50_Great_Years=Here's to You, Charlie Brown: 50 Great Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubav,_navika,_panika=Ljubav, navika, panika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_with_Larry_Elder=Showdown with Larry Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_Boys_(TV_series)=Nasty Boys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Noveno_mandamiento=El Noveno mandamiento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Fight_Club=Jurassic Fight Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladette_to_Lady=Ladette to Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivors_(2008_TV_series)=Survivors (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_&_Mysteries=Secrets & Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamais_Te_Esquecerei=Jamais Te Esquecerei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria,_i_Aschimi=Maria, i Aschimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Money_(TV_series)=Easy Money (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Suburbia=Surviving Suburbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_(TV_series)=Valentine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Boys_(TV_series)=Me and the Boys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleaner_(TV_series)=The Cleaner (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_(TV_program)=The One (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q&A_(Australian_talk_show)=Q&A (Australian talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamamia_Show=Mamamia Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_We_Help%3F=Can We Help?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Show_(TV_series)=Stage Show (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Pride_(TV_series)=Family Pride (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Heroics=No Heroics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Door=The Wrong Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Exchange=Love Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Scandal=Capital Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor:_Khatron_Ke_Khiladi=Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_World_(TV_series)=Our World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Anarchy=Sons of Anarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Bracegirdle's_Woodlyn_Park_Adventure=Mrs Bracegirdle's Woodlyn Park Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Game=The One Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebb_and_Flo=Ebb and Flo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_Teach_is_Coming_to_Stay=Help! Teach is Coming to Stay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Justice=Celebrity Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_at_Large_(TV_series)=Doctor at Large (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burying_Brian=Burying Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_History=Surviving History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Works_(2000s_TV_series)=The Works (2000s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia:_Couples=The Biggest Loser Australia: Couples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilroy_(TV_series)=Kilroy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timm_Thaler_(1979_TV_series)=Timm Thaler (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married...=I Married...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videomatch=Videomatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Bites_Back=Reality Bites Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_N's_Student_Body=The N's Student Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opportunity_Knocks_(game_show)=Opportunity Knocks (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Fencing=Hearts of Fencing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fareed_Zakaria_GPS=Fareed Zakaria GPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesco's_Mediterranean_Voyage=Francesco's Mediterranean Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&B:_Bella_y_Bestia=B&B: Bella y Bestia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrakanta_(TV_series)=Chandrakanta (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_(TV_series)=Mental (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Ticket=Hot Ticket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahhej=Dahhej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2008=American Music Awards of 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_and_Clack's_As_the_Wrench_Turns=Click and Clack's As the Wrench Turns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry's_Probe=Perry's Probe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kan-Cheong_Kitchen=Kan-Cheong Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nile_(TV_series)=Nile (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roozegar-e_Gharib=Roozegar-e Gharib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(TV_series)=Circus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Brown_(TV_series)=Campbell Brown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_(2003_miniseries)=The Citadel (2003 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_(1960_American_miniseries)=The Citadel (1960 American miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noddy_(TV_series)=Noddy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_Look_Down_(TV_serial)=The Stars Look Down (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Ka_Dum=10 Ka Dum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Gift_(TV_series)=God's Gift (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Middle_of_the_City=In the Middle of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urix=Urix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurl!=Hurl!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_le_stelle_stanno_a_guardare=E le stelle stanno a guardare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cittadella_(1964_miniseries)=La Cittadella (1964 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_(1960_British_miniseries)=The Citadel (1960 British miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley_Street_(TV_series)=Harley Street (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_This_Place_(1957_TV_show)=Beyond This Place (1957 TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Top_40_(TV_series)=UK Top 40 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_David:_A_Life_in_Recipes=Elizabeth David: A Life in Recipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Orwell:_A_Life_in_Pictures=George Orwell: A Life in Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fleming:_Bondmaker=Ian Fleming: Bondmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Broke_Britain=The Man Who Broke Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H_G_Wells:_War_with_the_World=H G Wells: War with the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filth:_The_Mary_Whitehouse_Story=Filth: The Mary Whitehouse Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Shri_Krishna=Jai Shri Krishna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Beyond_the_Box:_Norman_Stanley_Fletcher=Life Beyond the Box: Norman Stanley Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_That_Made_Britain=The Battle That Made Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna_Bet%3F=Wanna Bet?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Beyond_the_Box:_Margo_Leadbetter=Life Beyond the Box: Margo Leadbetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorry,_I've_Got_No_Head=Sorry, I've Got No Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Ancestors=Meet the Ancestors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Aliens=Ancient Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Download_(TV_series)=Download (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_Roll_Acid_Test=Rock and Roll Acid Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_and_Friends=Lovers and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorm_Life=Dorm Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Jardineiro_Espanhol=O Jardineiro Espanhol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Many_Faces=Her Many Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/....And_Proud=....And Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_Cops=Caribbean Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bass_Player_and_the_Blonde=The Bass Player and the Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Vikings=Blood of the Vikings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt's_Million=Matt's Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_(telenovela)=Nicholas (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Fear=Escape from Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colosseum:_Rome's_Arena_of_Death=Colosseum: Rome's Arena of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ordeal_of_Dr._Shannon=The Ordeal of Dr. Shannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Camp_(series)=Rock Camp (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Mom_and_Three_Dads=One Mom and Three Dads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travellers'_Century=Travellers' Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blips_(TV_series)=Blips (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Kitchen_(U.S._TV_series)=Hell's Kitchen (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadrian_(BBC_documentary)=Hadrian (BBC documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Other_Hand,_Death=On the Other Hand, Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Live_Desk_(Sky)=The Live Desk (Sky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Gun_Show=Welcome to the Gun Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Missed_Call_(TV_series)=One Missed Call (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Wave_Dave's=Big Wave Dave's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thicker_than_Water_(TV_series)=Thicker than Water (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Sherwood=Back to Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_DC:_Almost_Live=Studio DC: Almost Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Dog_Show=National Dog Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Got_Married=We Got Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Worlds_(TV_series)=Lost Worlds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_War_(TV_series)=Love & War (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TruTV_Presents:_World's_Dumbest...=TruTV Presents: World's Dumbest...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obra_(TV_series)=Obra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrid_Henry_(TV_series)=Horrid Henry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Seeker=Legend of the Seeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Foreman=Family Foreman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensburg_(TV_series)=Greensburg (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_with_Kids=Home with Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyaa_Hoga_Nimmo_Kaa=Kyaa Hoga Nimmo Kaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patayin_Sa_Sindak_Si_Barbara_(TV_series)=Patayin Sa Sindak Si Barbara (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Jackson,_VP=True Jackson, VP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_(TV_series)=Good News (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Swordsmen=Seven Swordsmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacGruber=MacGruber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Have_Your_Say=World Have Your Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telehit_News=Telehit News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guau!=Guau!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristoff_Presenta=Kristoff Presenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_pellizcadas_de_Margara=Las pellizcadas de Margara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_(TV_series)=Picnic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Monchis=Los Monchis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_River_Cottage=Beyond River Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobtales=Bobtales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.I.E._Again=D.I.E. Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonightly=Tonightly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Television_Club=Junior Television Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Rock_Profiles=Planet Rock Profiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijos_del_Monte=Hijos del Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Guerra_de_los_Chistes=La Guerra de los Chistes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Goblin_King=Scooby-Doo! and the Goblin King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_(TV_series)=Pirates (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Sleuth_Christmas_Movie=Super Sleuth Christmas Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Daddy's_House=Big Daddy's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Aida=Ask Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiks_Presents:_Varga=Komiks Presents: Varga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fax_(TV_series)=Fax (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calefare=Calefare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Tacloban=TV Patrol Tacloban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rear_Guard=The Rear Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(United_States)=So You Think You Can Dance (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Small_Business_(TV_series)=Very Small Business (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Armadillos=Little Armadillos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Fear_Factor=Pinoy Fear Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manswers=Manswers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Work_for_Diddy_(season_1)=I Want to Work for Diddy (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Investigation_Unit=Crash Investigation Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outdoor_Room=The Outdoor Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Property_(Australian_TV_series)=Hot Property (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Brains_(TV_series)=Battle of the Brains (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loveland_(UK_TV_series)=Loveland (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_the_Cat_(TV_series)=Felix the Cat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasuton_Manorah_(TV_series)=Prasuton Manorah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttai_Tawee=Uttai Tawee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_(telenovela)=Valeria (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemin=Yemin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_in_Front_of_the_Children_(TV_series)=Not in Front of the Children (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Hill:_Driven=Graham Hill: Driven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoline_Detroit=Autoline Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_Forever=Sorority Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_News_(TV_series)=A News (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raffles_(TV_series)=Raffles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoige=Seoige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Stars_of_Tomorrow=Sports Stars of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Rise_for_Julian_Clary=All Rise for Julian Clary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Earth_(TV_series)=Project Earth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAX_(TV_series)=FAX (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Olympic_Adventures_of_Fuwa=The Olympic Adventures of Fuwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_and_Villains_(TV_series)=Heroes and Villains (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_of_Love_Bus_with_Bret_Michaels=Rock of Love Bus with Bret Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Biz=Family Biz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slow_Norris=The Slow Norris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Class_or_Mine=Your Class or Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family's_Got_Guts=My Family's Got Guts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEN:_The_Evening_News=TEN: The Evening News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_Announcements=Engineering Announcements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Detectives=Food Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Daring=Most Daring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daft_Planet=Daft Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lab_Rats_Challenge=Lab Rats Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_Loretta=Letter to Loretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Broadway=The Best of Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colgate_Theatre=Colgate Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Phenoms=Future Phenoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trivial_Pursuit_(UK_game_show)=Trivial Pursuit (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dill_Mill_Gayye=Dill Mill Gayye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Australia=Top Gear Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genius_of_Charles_Darwin=The Genius of Charles Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alguien_Te_Mira=Alguien Te Mira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny's_World=Kenny's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scruff_(TV_series)=Scruff (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_My_Family=Find My Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Watch=World Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Offer=Under Offer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_Charge=Man in Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetness_in_the_Salt=Sweetness in the Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatness_of_a_Hero=The Greatness of a Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Center_Live=Weather Center Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Degree_(game_show)=3rd Degree (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Machine:_Beyond_The_Da_Vinci_Code=Time Machine: Beyond The Da Vinci Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_View=Weekend View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Interceptors=Police Interceptors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housecat_Housecall=Housecat Housecall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Bainisteoir=Celebrity Bainisteoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiks_Presents:_Tiny_Tony=Komiks Presents: Tiny Tony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Encounter_(1974_film)=Brief Encounter (1974 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_&_Sensibility=Sex & Sensibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Labs=Mad Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_(TV_series)=Silence (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_to_the_Edge=Take Me to the Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Chavo_del_Ocho=El Chavo del Ocho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Shortcake=Strawberry Shortcake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Talk=Capital Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tony_Rock_Project=The Tony Rock Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_Eye=Brass Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hos_Martin=Hos Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Plants=The Private Life of Plants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Planet=The Living Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Obsessed=Reality Obsessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That=All That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Out_the_Lights=Turn Out the Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yus,_My_Dear=Yus, My Dear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_y_Su_Bella_Dama=Don Juan y Su Bella Dama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cup_(TV_series)=The Cup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13:_Fear_Is_Real=13: Fear Is Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Patrol=Street Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Island=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_Baghdad_High=The Boys from Baghdad High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe_(1958_TV_series)=Ivanhoe (1958 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_You_Need_Is_Love:_The_Story_of_Popular_Music=All You Need Is Love: The Story of Popular Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutual_Friends=Mutual Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_Resolute=G.I. Joe: Resolute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seraa_Ala_El_Remal=Seraa Ala El Remal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_the_Science_Kid=Sid the Science Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Kay's_Britain's_Got_the_Pop_Factor..._and_Possibly_a_New_Celebrity_Jesus_Christ_Soapstar_Superstar_Strictly_on_Ice=Peter Kay's Britain's Got the Pop Factor... and Possibly a New Celebrity Jesus Christ Soapstar Superstar Strictly on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habang_May_Buhay=Habang May Buhay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribe_(Philippine_TV_program)=Tribe (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Mom=Wonder Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Show_on_ITV2=The Movie Show on ITV2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Monkey=Office Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fashion_Show_(UK_TV_series)=The Fashion Show (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Brand's_Big_Ass_Show=Katy Brand's Big Ass Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Atlanta=The Real Housewives of Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach.Ball.Babes=Beach.Ball.Babes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_Shan_Bao_Mei=Invincible Shan Bao Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_(2008_TV_series)=Amazon (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_(1977_TV_series)=Treasure Island (1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Browns_(TV_series)=Meet the Browns (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Mysteries=Northern Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahit_Isang_Saglit=Kahit Isang Saglit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costas_Now=Costas Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merrick_&_Rosso_Show=The Merrick & Rosso Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG1=TG1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_and_Maty=Mike and Maty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glam_God_with_Vivica_A._Fox=Glam God with Vivica A. Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careers_TV=Careers TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wogan's_Perfect_Recall=Wogan's Perfect Recall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana_Ay_Ikaw_Na_Nga_(2001_TV_series)=Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batang_X:_The_Next_Generation=Batang X: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_Greene=Shades of Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabatha_Takes_Over=Tabatha Takes Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Sender=Unknown Sender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Live!_(100th_episode)=All That Live! (100th episode)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Trouble_(Australian_TV_series)=Double Trouble (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_&_Times_of_Tim=The Life & Times of Tim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenda_(TVNZ_programme)=Agenda (TVNZ programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omid_Djalili_Show=The Omid Djalili Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Brillant=Les Brillant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Cars_You_Must_Drive=101 Cars You Must Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Off_Ted=Better Off Ted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistleblower_(TV_series)=Whistleblower (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_a_Zoo=Life's a Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Ullman:_A_Class_Act=Tracey Ullman: A Class Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV's_Top_Pop_Group=MTV's Top Pop Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Winter_Olympics=Top Gear Winter Olympics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Eden_(TV_series)=East of Eden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans,_Novak,_Hunt_&_Shields=Evans, Novak, Hunt & Shields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Money=Your Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marty_Feldman_Comedy_Machine=The Marty Feldman Comedy Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe:_A_Natural_History=Europe: A Natural History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Speaks_(TV_series)=Martha Speaks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janice_Dickinson_Modeling_Agency_(season_4)=The Janice Dickinson Modeling Agency (season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Pedder=Off Pedder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey_King:_Quest_for_the_Sutra=The Monkey King: Quest for the Sutra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Set=Dead Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuff_Happens_(TV_series)=Stuff Happens (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Malibu=Hotel Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ser_Bonita_No_Basta=Ser Bonita No Basta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Trumps_(TV_series)=Top Trumps (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandoori_Nights=Tandoori Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mind_to_Kill=A Mind to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Suck_At_Photoshop_(web_series)=You Suck At Photoshop (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirakkel=Mirakkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noose_(TV_series)=The Noose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Robinson's_Crime_and_Punishment=Tony Robinson's Crime and Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakista=Rakista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rory_and_Paddy's_Great_British_Adventure=Rory and Paddy's Great British Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Soccer_Saturday=Premier Soccer Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Kids_on_the_Block_(TV_series)=New Kids on the Block (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_List=The Money List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_Girl=Gossip Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Made_in_Germany=Soccer Made in Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrik_Pacard=Patrik Pacard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_You_Believe_(TV_series)=Would You Believe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20/20_(Canadian_TV_series)=20/20 (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Ullman_Takes_On_New_York=Tracey Ullman Takes On New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_What_in_the_World%3F_Quiz=The What in the World? Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_and_Servants_(TV_series)=Masters and Servants (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quatermass_Experiment_(2005_TV_film)=The Quatermass Experiment (2005 TV film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairspray:_The_School_Musical=Hairspray: The School Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Small_Things_(TV_series)=All the Small Things (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_O'Brian=Brian O'Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Bassai=Meri Bassai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossil_Detectives=Fossil Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_for_Andromeda_(2006_TV_film)=A for Andromeda (2006 TV film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Sentai_Go-onger=Engine Sentai Go-onger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Tower_(miniseries)=The Black Tower (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_&_Uncut=Untamed & Uncut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_RPM=Power Rangers RPM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hometown_(TV_series)=Hometown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Husband's_Woman=My Husband's Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principal's_Office=The Principal's Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Sight_(TV_series)=Second Sight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boblins=Boblins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Watch_with_Judge_Napolitano=Freedom Watch with Judge Napolitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Travel_Show=Canadian Travel Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rachel_Zoe_Project=The Rachel Zoe Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCTV_Cities=CCTV Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paras=The Paras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_of_Forgotten_Things=Fables of Forgotten Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Yesterday_and_Tomorrow=The King of Yesterday and Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakey_Wakey_Campers=Wakey Wakey Campers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massive_(TV_series)=Massive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_D'Urbervilles_(TV_serial)=Tess of the D'Urbervilles (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William's_Wish_Wellingtons=William's Wish Wellingtons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre_ER=Bizarre ER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Squirrel=Secret Squirrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_and_Friends=Johnson and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hole_in_the_Wall_(UK_game_show)=Hole in the Wall (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CatDog=CatDog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cow_and_Chicken=Cow and Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCQ_Reload=SCQ Reload
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Easterly_Showers_Fall_on_the_Sunny_West=When Easterly Showers Fall on the Sunny West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Off_the_Hook=Guy Off the Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Belt=Time Belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_(1986_TV_series)=Catherine (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invincible_Medic=The Invincible Medic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_(2008_TV_series)=The Family (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Sports=Good Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylematu_5=Dylematu 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outriders=Outriders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oppenheimer_(miniseries)=Oppenheimer (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slicing_of_the_Demon=The Slicing of the Demon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renovation_Nation=Renovation Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trawlermen_(TV_series)=Trawlermen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.I.B._Files=C.I.B. Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4Real=4Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rachel_Maddow_Show=The Rachel Maddow Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Dickens,_He's_Fenster=I'm Dickens, He's Fenster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Blue_(Japanese_TV_series)=Code Blue (Japanese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG15:_The_Resistance=LG15: The Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_with_a_Chance=Sonny with a Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Life_(TV_series)=Sunday Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Planet_Report=Animal Planet Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Elvis_This_Week%3F=Where's Elvis This Week?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_(miniseries)=The Children (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are%3F_(Irish_TV_series)=Who Do You Think You Are? (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaya_semanita=Vaya semanita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonymous_(TV_series)=Anonymous (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mutants:_Pathways_of_the_Heart=The Mutants: Pathways of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanning_the_Movies=Scanning the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Food_Made_Easy=Chinese Food Made Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kya_Hadsaa_Kya_Haqeeqat=Kya Hadsaa Kya Haqeeqat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Street_Pali_Hill=K. Street Pali Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Chor_Lau-heung_(2001_TV_series)=The New Adventures of Chor Lau-heung (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Lee_Evans=The World of Lee Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fenn_Street_Gang=The Fenn Street Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trivial_Pursuit:_America_Plays=Trivial Pursuit: America Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_Mystika=Luna Mystika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(TV_series)=Mercury (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madigan_Men=Madigan Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_(TV_series)=Eden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_(2008_TV_series)=The City (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Labours_of_Erica=The Labours of Erica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Squash=TV Squash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisol_(telenovela)=Marisol (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elton_vs._Simon=Elton vs. Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro-Wres_no_Hoshi_Aztecaser=Pro-Wres no Hoshi Aztecaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hammond's_Engineering_Connections=Richard Hammond's Engineering Connections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Farm_(play)=Funny Farm (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dani's_House=Dani's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummonds_(TV_series)=Drummonds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raucous=Raucous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Toughest_Fixes=World's Toughest Fixes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Uncut=Food Uncut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_Day_of_Play=Worldwide Day of Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_vuol_essere_miliardario%3F=Chi vuol essere miliardario?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Rules=Melody Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Hawk=Battle Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Eve_(Philippines_TV_series)=All About Eve (Philippines TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cars_Toons=Cars Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria's_Next_Top_Model=Austria's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Treasures_(TV_series)=Hidden Treasures (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Hunter_and_the_Myth_of_the_Mermaid=Roxy Hunter and the Myth of the Mermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Hunter_and_the_Horrific_Halloween=Roxy Hunter and the Horrific Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Toughest_Jobs=America's Toughest Jobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Addams_Family=The New Addams Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fosters_(1976_TV_series)=The Fosters (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testees=Testees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_Big_Ideas=James May's Big Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Wedding_Cakes=Amazing Wedding Cakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Heat_(TV_series)=Summer Heat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operacija_trijumf=Operacija trijumf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Star=The Next Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animated_Conversations=Animated Conversations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Maxx=Me and Maxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodel_(cycle_1)=Supermodel (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_College_Football_on_ABC=ESPN College Football on ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Whiteman's_Goodyear_Revue=Paul Whiteman's Goodyear Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Off_(TV_series)=Day Off (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Trackers=Time Trackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Not_Quite_Human=Still Not Quite Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguins_of_Madagascar=The Penguins of Madagascar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMT_Top_12_Countdown=CMT Top 12 Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Babaeng_Hinugot_sa_Aking_Tadyang=Ang Babaeng Hinugot sa Aking Tadyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiccups_(TV_series)=Hiccups (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu's_Islands=Lulu's Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_laits,_un_sucre=2 laits, un sucre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddhism_Palm_Strikes_Back=The Buddhism Palm Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Sung_II=Justice Sung II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Legend_Begins=Where the Legend Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventurer's=The Adventurer's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASB_Business=ASB Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGee_and_Me!=McGee and Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Chance_of_Love_(season_1)=Real Chance of Love (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talent_Party=Talent Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Capo_dei_Capi=Il Capo dei Capi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_People_(UK_TV_series)=Beautiful People (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ffeil=Ffeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beethoven_Virus=Beethoven Virus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracked_(Scottish_TV_series)=Cracked (Scottish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_No_Good=Miss No Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Loretta_Young_Show=The New Loretta Young Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_&_1_Night=2 Days & 1 Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poios_thelei_na_ginei_ekatommyriouchos=Poios thelei na ginei ekatommyriouchos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Sunday=Up Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipgloss_(TV_series)=Lipgloss (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morelia_(telenovela)=Morelia (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldfocus=Worldfocus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventions_That_Changed_the_World=Inventions That Changed the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(UK_TV_series)=Sunshine (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Morals=Public Morals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrap_Teacher=Scrap Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Stone=Shadow of the Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geographically_Speaking=Geographically Speaking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Screen_Magazine=Television Screen Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_an_Artist=You Are an Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Rhumba=Let's Rhumba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_to_Eat=I Love to Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_in_Your_Home=The World in Your Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Playhouse=Television Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americana_(game_show)=Americana (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Kelvinator_Kitchen=In the Kelvinator Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cole's_Birthday_Party=King Cole's Birthday Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charade_Quiz=Charade Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensign_O'Toole=Ensign O'Toole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quizzing_the_News=Quizzing the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Success=Operation Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Growing_Paynes=The Growing Paynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashions_on_Parade=Fashions on Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_to_the_Missing=Key to the Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Row_Center=Front Row Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Jury_Trials=Famous Jury Trials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scavengers'_Paradise=Scavengers' Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_of_Murder=Hands of Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Time_(TV_series)=Star Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_Rodeo=Rhythm Rodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Jungle=The Mighty Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visit_with_the_Armed_Forces=Visit with the Armed Forces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Johns_Hopkins_Science_Review=The Johns Hopkins Science Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalcade_of_Bands_(TV_series)=Cavalcade of Bands (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_Days=Steam Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_Higgins=Our Man Higgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolitan_Theatre=Cosmopolitan Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Page_Detective=Front Page Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NZI_Business=NZI Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsWatch_Junior_Edition=NewsWatch Junior Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_Knights_Fortress=Tank Knights Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incantesimo=Incantesimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Starter_Wife_(TV_series)=The Starter Wife (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(1962_TV_series)=Empire (1962 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redigo_(TV_series)=Redigo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liputan_6=Liputan 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuulepealne_maa=Tuulepealne maa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieta_(TV_series)=Pieta (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_American_Barn_Dance=The Old American Barn Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_&_Dad's_New_Wife=Me & Dad's New Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vytor:_The_Starfire_Champion=Vytor: The Starfire Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Incredible_Terminator=Mysterious Incredible Terminator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_(TV_series)=Grass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guide_Right=Guide Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paging_You=Paging You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_(1976_TV_series)=The Quest (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(2008_TV_series)=Crash (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_C._Clarke's_Mysterious_Universe=Arthur C. Clarke's Mysterious Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walang_Iwanan=Walang Iwanan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_on_the_Run=Women on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaking_our_Language=Speaking our Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_(film)=Wagner (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanat=Amanat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippines_Scariest_Challenge=Philippines Scariest Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trash_or_Treasure=Trash or Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_of_Night=Dark of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courtroom=The Courtroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crouches=The Crouches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_Street=Melody Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Humphrey_Flack=Colonel Humphrey Flack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gloria_Parker_Show=The Gloria Parker Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_Kids_and_Counting=19 Kids and Counting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_High_(TV_series)=Sky High (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovebooks_Presents=Lovebooks Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(Israeli_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Israeli game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_New_Zealand=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeena_Isi_Ka_Naam_Hai=Jeena Isi Ka Naam Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_1)=Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_Fame_with_Piers_Morgan=The Dark Side of Fame with Piers Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Sprouts=The Mighty Sprouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_and_Slick_Monty=Elvis and Slick Monty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon's_Cat=Simon's Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_to_Eye_with_Willie_Jackson=Eye to Eye with Willie Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_to_Eat_Now=What to Eat Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Experiencing_Technical_Difficulties=We're Experiencing Technical Difficulties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Review_with_Myles_Barlow=Review with Myles Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker's_Witch=Tucker's Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Juice=Celebrity Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iditarod:_Toughest_Race_on_Earth=Iditarod: Toughest Race on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Duel_II=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Duel II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Cent:_The_Money_and_the_Power=50 Cent: The Money and the Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speeders_Fight_Back=Speeders Fight Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Californians_(TV_series)=The Californians (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_2)=Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Benedict=Sam Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesia_Now=Indonesia Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Transformation_(TV_series)=Operation Transformation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Money_(season_2)=I Love Money (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Hilton's_British_Best_Friend=Paris Hilton's British Best Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baak_Maan_Fu_Yung=Baak Maan Fu Yung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capt'n_Sailorbird=Capt'n Sailorbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucky_and_Pepito=Bucky and Pepito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LANGERLAND.TV=LANGERLAND.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook's_Country=Cook's Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Sunday=Good Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roy_Rogers_and_Dale_Evans_Show=The Roy Rogers and Dale Evans Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wide_Country=The Wide Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chupacabra:_Dark_Seas=Chupacabra: Dark Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosthunting_With...=Ghosthunting With...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_with_Lucy=Livin' with Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5-4-3-2-Run=5-4-3-2-Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auld_Ones=Auld Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Metal_Show=That Metal Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbott_and_Costello_Cartoon_Show=The Abbott and Costello Cartoon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita_Rocks=Rita Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_(TV_series)=Mickey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_The_Wild_Wild_West_episodes=List of The Wild Wild West episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Maladys=The Wonderful Maladys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Journeys=Mysterious Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Australians=First Australians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Cops=Sky Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_String_Divas=G String Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercurio's_Menu=Mercurio's Menu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_&_Stan=Pat & Stan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedigree_Dogs_Exposed=Pedigree Dogs Exposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_to_Love_(TV_series)=Addicted to Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_an_Egghead%3F=Are You an Egghead?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me_(TV_series)=Trust Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fry_in_America=Stephen Fry in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Book_and_the_Sword_(1976_TV_series)=The Legend of the Book and the Sword (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Dos_Bros=Los Dos Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Customs_(TV_series)=Customs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Ya_Zyaada=Kam Ya Zyaada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momma's_Boys=Momma's Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glynis_(TV_series)=Glynis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia:_How_the_East_Was_Won=Siberia: How the East Was Won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Naked_Beauty=Miss Naked Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Your_Service_(TV_series)=At Your Service (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Show_on_Earth_(TV_series)=The Greatest Show on Earth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Cab_(U.S._game_show)=Cash Cab (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Kitty's_Furry_Tale_Theater=Hello Kitty's Furry Tale Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaidehi_(TV_series)=Vaidehi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marsha_Warfield_Show=The Marsha Warfield Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Xtacles=The Xtacles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argumental=Argumental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undercover_Soldier=The Undercover Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Like_a_Cat=Think Like a Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_My_Way_(TV_series)=Going My Way (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_(TV_series)=Unbreakable (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian_Fleming:_Where_Bond_Began=Ian Fleming: Where Bond Began
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_Streak:_Dream_Ticket=Winning Streak: Dream Ticket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirada_de_mujer,_el_regreso=Mirada de mujer, el regreso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_en_custodia_(Mexican_telenovela)=Amor en custodia (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._L._Hughley_Breaks_the_News=D. L. Hughley Breaks the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(TV_series)=Wired (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(1994_TV_series)=The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(TV_series)=The End (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Person's_Guide_to_History=Young Person's Guide to History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_(TV_series)=Demons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juicy!=Juicy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Quite_Art=Not Quite Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nollaig_No._1=Nollaig No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philanthropist_(TV_series)=The Philanthropist (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tank_Overhaul=Tank Overhaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bric-a-Brac=Bric-a-Brac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_Song_(TV_series)=Redemption Song (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batingaw=Batingaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Talk_Show=Global Talk Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Bicol=TV Patrol Bicol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Negros=TV Patrol Negros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Socsksargen=TV Patrol Socsksargen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_(TV_series)=Lola (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertie_(TV_series)=Bertie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haughey_(TV_series)=Haughey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven:_The_Dragon's_Eye=Raven: The Dragon's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bible's_Buried_Secrets=The Bible's Buried Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Revival=The Great Revival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Growing_Up=The Price of Growing Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Fox_of_Snowy_Mountain_(1985_TV_series)=The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorts_in_a_Bunch=Shorts in a Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gullage's=Gullage's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Knew_He_Was_Right_(TV_serial)=He Knew He Was Right (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditie_Robinson=Expeditie Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occupation_(TV_serial)=Occupation (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Dickens=What the Dickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Princess=The Elephant Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revealed...=Revealed...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies=MTV Roadies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(South_African_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (South African game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Maths=The Story of Maths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marry_Me_(TV_series)=Marry Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Pinocchio_(TV_series)=The New Adventures of Pinocchio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auntie's_Bloomers=Auntie's Bloomers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charge_(TV_series)=Charge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familiada=Familiada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vis_Unda_20000%3F=Vis Unda 20000?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geostar=Geostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_or_Bread=Love or Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NZ_Performance_Car_TV=NZ Performance Car TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mis_3_Hermanas=Mis 3 Hermanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinga_Tinga_Tales=Tinga Tinga Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Unknowns=The Legend of the Unknowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Us_from_Our_House=Save Us from Our House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah's_House=Sarah's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_(Australian_TV_series)=Kelly (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Wars=Whale Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Future:_A_History=The American Future: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baazi_Kiski=Baazi Kiski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature's_Great_Events=Nature's Great Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razzmatazz_(TV_series)=Razzmatazz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koj_saka_da_bide_milioner%3F=Koj saka da bide milioner?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_Stained_with_Royal_Blood_(1985_TV_series)=Sword Stained with Royal Blood (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warp_(TV_series)=Time Warp (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Cuckoo=Return of the Cuckoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_My_Word_For_It=Take My Word For It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(Ireland)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betas=Betas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphas=Alphas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_Dogs=Turbo Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabranena_Lyubov=Zabranena Lyubov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cafe_(chat_show)=The Cafe (chat show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_All_Ireland_Talent_Show=The All Ireland Talent Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_Act_(Irish_TV_series)=Class Act (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Beauty_(season_1)=True Beauty (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(Nigerian_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Nigerian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kya_Aap_Banaingay_Crorepati%3F=Kya Aap Banaingay Crorepati?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Week_in_Religion=The Week in Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Alec_Templeton_Time=It's Alec Templeton Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhie_To_Nazar_Milao=Kabhie To Nazar Milao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill's_People=Churchill's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afternoon_Play=The Afternoon Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Tapes=Lost Tapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaybo_Laughs_Back=Gaybo Laughs Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommer_(TV_series)=Sommer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cha$e=Cha$e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arka_Sokaklar=Arka Sokaklar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Weddings=Gay Weddings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Racer=Star Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_sa_yarbah_2_malyoon=Man sa yarbah 2 malyoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_a_Million_(season_3)=One in a Million (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(Philippine_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Philippine game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Relationship=Sweet Relationship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_in_Love_and_War:_Vera_Brittain=A Woman in Love and War: Vera Brittain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India's_Best_Cinestars_Ki_Khoj=India's Best Cinestars Ki Khoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichabod_and_Me=Ichabod and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire:_Canadian_Edition=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire: Canadian Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geraldine:_The_Winners_Story=Geraldine: The Winners Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wie_wordt_euromiljonair%3F=Wie wordt euromiljonair?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugni_Chali_Jalandhar=Jugni Chali Jalandhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_Star=Spin Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outback_8=Outback 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batteries_Not_Included_(TV_series)=Batteries Not Included (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_World_Records_Smashed=Guinness World Records Smashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Panther_(TV_series)=Black Panther (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Up_with_Shannen_Doherty=Breaking Up with Shannen Doherty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO_Leipzig=SOKO Leipzig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apparitions_(TV_series)=Apparitions (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Sangeet_Icon=Pakistan Sangeet Icon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Mao_Xiang=Jin Mao Xiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Class_(TV_series)=First Class (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aangan_Terha=Aangan Terha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Prom_Nite_(Season_2)=The Ultimate Prom Nite (Season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Shekhar=Simply Shekhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Borde_del_Deseo=Al Borde del Deseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Scandal_of_My_Life=The Last Scandal of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyed_in_Seconds=Destroyed in Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Motherhood=In the Motherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalwa_Four_2_Ka_1=Jalwa Four 2 Ka 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aussie_Gold=Aussie Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unusuals=The Unusuals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max,_the_2000-Year-Old_Mouse=Max, the 2000-Year-Old Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_from_47A=The Kids from 47A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target:_The_Corruptors!=Target: The Corruptors!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Investigators_(Irish_TV_series)=The Investigators (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waiting_Room_(TV_series)=The Waiting Room (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Divers=Navy Divers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Zero_Heroes=Triple Zero Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_to_Me=Lie to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spike_(TV_series)=The Spike (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upwardly_Mobile=Upwardly Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colm_and_Jim-Jim's_Home_Run=Colm and Jim-Jim's Home Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_(Irish_TV_series)=The Restaurant (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hathaways=The Hathaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Playhouse=Adventure Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akai_Ito_(TV_series)=Akai Ito (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alan_Dale_Show=The Alan Dale Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Force=Shadow Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herederos=Herederos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harald_Schmidt_(TV_series)=Harald Schmidt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_People's_Children_(TV_series)=Other People's Children (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_98=Canada 98
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Living_TV_Theater=Better Living TV Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bigelow_Theatre=The Bigelow Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cases_of_Eddie_Drake=The Cases of Eddie Drake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_True=GE True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_O=Amanda O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clone_(TV_series)=Clone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Hero=Last Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Providence=The Mysteries of Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_One_(TV_series)=Mobile One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_the_Big_Red_Dog_(TV_series)=Clifford the Big Red Dog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$100,000_Fortune_Hunt=$100,000 Fortune Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Else_(TV_series)=Something Else (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Bird_Explores=Charlie Bird Explores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makin'_Jake=Makin' Jake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Once_a_Week_Show=The Once a Week Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour_of_Money_(game_show)=The Colour of Money (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrecked_(TV_show)=Wrecked (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajo_la_misma_piel=Bajo la misma piel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MT-USA=MT-USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayong_Dalawa=Tayong Dalawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Late_Tribute_Shows=The Late Late Tribute Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marienhof_(TV_series)=Marienhof (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Late_Toy_Show=The Late Late Toy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Margin=On the Margin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Basketball_on_CBS=College Basketball on CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Aperto=Studio Aperto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Caraga=TV Patrol Caraga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Aussie_Goes_Calypso=An Aussie Goes Calypso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_the_Playground=The Law of the Playground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Club_Search=S Club Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_or_Canada=Death or Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Houses!=Desperate Houses!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Schwartz=Inside Schwartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavia's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_1)=Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Allen:_Bake!=Rachel Allen: Bake!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un,_dos,_tres..._responda_otra_vez=Un, dos, tres... responda otra vez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_$_Millionaire=Quiz $ Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Connect=Only Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_Is_Not_a_Home_(TV_series)=A House Is Not a Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_the_Bad_and_the_Ugly_(1979_TV_series)=The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Split_(TV_series)=Banana Split (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanlakas_Kids=Sanlakas Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankahi=Ankahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Double_Shot_at_Love=A Double Shot at Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Sword_and_Dragon_Saber_(1978_TV_series)=The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_of_Mount_Deer_(1984_TV_series)=The Duke of Mount Deer (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Land_is_Mine_(1980_TV_series)=This Land is Mine (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunuch_(1980_TV_series)=Eunuch (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Love_and_War_(1981_TV_series)=In Love and War (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radio_Tycoon=The Radio Tycoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parents_of_the_Band=Parents of the Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Book_and_the_Sword_(1987_TV_series)=The Legend of the Book and the Sword (1987 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Luk_Siu-fung=The Return of Luk Siu-fung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misadventure_of_Zoo=The Misadventure of Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision_(TV_series)=Collision (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halal-TV=Halal-TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_India_Dance=Dance India Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_Aloud_Party=The Girls Aloud Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_(Australian_TV_series)=Trapped (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16:9_(TV_series)=16:9 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Karl!_Oh_Soo-jung=Get Karl! Oh Soo-jung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_My_Ex=Date My Ex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galacticast=Galacticast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaane_Kya_Baat_Hui=Jaane Kya Baat Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavia's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_2)=Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Catwalk_(Netherlands_TV_series)=Project Catwalk (Netherlands TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_(TV_series)=Castle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid_(2009_TV_series)=Cupid (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Soup=Sports Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_in_View=Canada in View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Korea=Project Runway Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deal_(BET_TV_series)=The Deal (BET TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Show_in_My_Head=Game Show in My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Your_Laugh=This is Your Laugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Troll_Prince=The Little Troll Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Nation=Young Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Brains_(Filipino_TV_series)=Battle of the Brains (Filipino TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(1979_TV_series)=Paris (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_(TV_series)=Oceans (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterflies_of_Zagorsk=The Butterflies of Zagorsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavia's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_3)=Scandinavia's Next Top Model (cycle 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipahi_Maqbool_Hussain=Sipahi Maqbool Hussain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomen_huippumalli_haussa_(cycle_2)=Suomen huippumalli haussa (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_no_Gaki_no_Tsukai_ya_Arahende!!=Downtown no Gaki no Tsukai ya Arahende!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Adventures=Ghost Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTL_aktuell=RTL aktuell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids'_Voice_Awards=Kids' Voice Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttaran=Uttaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_for_All_(TV_series)=Free for All (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Money=I Love Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bands_on_the_Run=Bands on the Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_(1980_TV_series)=The Brothers (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Easy_Pieces_(1980_TV_series)=Five Easy Pieces (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Wong_Tai_Sin=The Legend of Wong Tai Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Week_in_NASCAR=This Week in NASCAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilot_Show=The Pilot Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_v._Food=Man v. Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eddy_Arnold_Show=The Eddy Arnold Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddy_Arnold_Time=Eddy Arnold Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhatUwant=WhatUwant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildlife_SOS_(TV_Show)=Wildlife SOS (TV Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Repo=Operation Repo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pearl_Report=The Pearl Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhie_Kabhie_(2003_TV_series)=Kabhie Kabhie (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fol-de-Rol=Fol-de-Rol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_House_Rescue=Country House Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sir_Prancelot=The Adventures of Sir Prancelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Monsters_Cabo=Party Monsters Cabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peckhammer_TV=Peckhammer TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolbotek=Kolbotek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiks_Presents:_Dragonna=Komiks Presents: Dragonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Galaxy_Mega_Monster_Battle:_Never_Ending_Odyssey=Ultra Galaxy Mega Monster Battle: Never Ending Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childrens_Hospital=Childrens Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Bad_Self=Your Bad Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Scorpion_Island_(series_1)=Escape from Scorpion Island (series 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_G-Men=Cowboy G-Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Rehab_Presents_Sober_House=Celebrity Rehab Presents Sober House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica:_The_Face_of_the_Enemy=Battlestar Galactica: The Face of the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highly_Recommended=Highly Recommended
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utoy_(TV_series)=Utoy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_6)=MTV Roadies (season 6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool_Academy_(season_1)=Tool Academy (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballet_Chancers=Ballet Chancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundation_(1984_TV_series)=The Foundation (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Halves_(TV_series)=Better Halves (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megan_Wants_a_Millionaire=Megan Wants a Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gal_Circle=Gal Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Clarkson's_Extreme_Machines=Jeremy Clarkson's Extreme Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paano_Ba_Ang_Mangarap%3F=Paano Ba Ang Mangarap?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_Shoes_II=Crocodile Shoes II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wubbzy's_Big_Movie=Wubbzy's Big Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Decembers_(TV_series)=Wild Decembers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Thrones=Game of Thrones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonino_(TV_series)=Bonino (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RuPaul's_Drag_Race=RuPaul's Drag Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_and_Demons_of_Zu_Mountain=The Gods and Demons of Zu Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rough_Ride=The Rough Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Sab_Baraati=Hum Sab Baraati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights_(2009_television_serial)=Wuthering Heights (2009 television serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mio_Mao=Mio Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Worried_Man=It Takes a Worried Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pabst_Blue_Ribbon_Bouts=Pabst Blue Ribbon Bouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless_Years=The Lawless Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeland_Security_USA=Homeland Security USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenbahn-Romantik=Eisenbahn-Romantik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passenger_(TV_series)=The Passenger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conflict_(1978_TV_series)=Conflict (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(1978_TV_series)=Vanity Fair (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Couples_2=The Biggest Loser: Couples 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Tuesday_(documentary_strand)=First Tuesday (documentary strand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Pains=Royal Pains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryantown=Ryantown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodtime_Girls=Goodtime Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Might_Be_You_(TV_series)=It Might Be You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaandni_Raatain=Chaandni Raatain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2TV=2TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Show_(Irish_TV_series)=The Movie Show (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Nyonya=The Little Nyonya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan_O'Carroll's_Hot_Milk_and_Pepper=Brendan O'Carroll's Hot Milk and Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganti_(drama)=Ganti (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agos_(TV_series)=Agos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Raven=Dan Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage_(TV_series)=Northwest Passage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Girls_(2009_TV_series)=Daddy's Girls (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parks_and_Recreation=Parks and Recreation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_belle_la_vie=Plus belle la vie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligrubs=Mulligrubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedi_3=Wedi 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Desilu_Playhouse=Westinghouse Desilu Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Man's_World_(TV_series)=It's a Man's World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_(TV_series)=Sherlock (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Moment_Van_De_Waarheid=Het Moment Van De Waarheid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Work_for_Food_(TV_series)=Will Work for Food (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channing_(TV_series)=Channing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_39_Steps_(2008_film)=The 39 Steps (2008 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehndi_(drama)=Mehndi (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Master_So=The Legend of Master So
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Fortune_(1982_TV_series)=Soldier of Fortune (1982 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi-Gods_and_Semi-Devils_(1982_TV_series)=Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (1982 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sai_Baba_(TV_series)=Sai Baba (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Madhouse_Live=Monster Madhouse Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wala_Na_Bang_Pag-ibig=Wala Na Bang Pag-ibig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Unclosed=Case Unclosed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_Suspicion_(TV_series)=Above Suspicion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers_(1981_UK_game_show)=Finders Keepers (1981 UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPM_(TV_series)=RPM (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmy_Time=Timmy Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear:_Vietnam_Special=Top Gear: Vietnam Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreckreation_Nation=Wreckreation Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_III_(TV_series)=Karl III (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Marketplace=Weekend Marketplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Atlas=Animal Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defying_Gravity_(TV_series)=Defying Gravity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasen_(TV_series)=Rasen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Deutschen=Die Deutschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_(Philippines_TV_series)=Zorro (Philippines TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Sentai_Shinkenger=Samurai Sentai Shinkenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pob_Pee_Fa_(2009_TV_series)=Pob Pee Fa (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_New_World=Wild New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Laughs_(UK_TV_series)=Just for Laughs (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Mastermind=Celebrity Mastermind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleventh_Hour_(1962_TV_series)=The Eleventh Hour (1962 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convergence_(Net-25_program)=Convergence (Net-25 program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinig=Tinig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duyan=Duyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(1976_TV_series)=Hotel (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giants_(1978_TV_series)=The Giants (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow_(1979_TV_series)=Over the Rainbow (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emissary_(TV_series)=The Emissary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Rather_Reports=Dan Rather Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlashForward=FlashForward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linlang=Linlang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangal_(TV_series)=Dangal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fruitties=The Fruitties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Year's_Eve_Live_(CNN_program)=New Year's Eve Live (CNN program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Wipeout=Total Wipeout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Rishta_Kya_Kehlata_Hai=Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Annoying_People=Most Annoying People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momo_Love=Momo Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Surfer_(TV_series)=Silver Surfer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Mears'_World_of_Survival_(TV_series)=Ray Mears' World of Survival (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Mears'_Bushcraft=Ray Mears' Bushcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Food=Wild Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Mears_Goes_Walkabout=Ray Mears Goes Walkabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Ten_7=Police Ten 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candies_(TV_series)=Candies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntik:_Secrets_&_Seekers=Huntik: Secrets & Seekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_(TV_series)=Ricardo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chor_Lau-heung_(1979_TV_series)=Chor Lau-heung (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luk_Siu-fung_(1976_TV_series)=Luk Siu-fung (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantic_Swordsman_(1978_TV_series)=The Romantic Swordsman (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Konsument=24 Konsument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchh_Jhuki_Palkain=Kuchh Jhuki Palkain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Trubble=Hotel Trubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Point_(1963_TV_series)=Breaking Point (1963 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Nightlive=This Is Nightlive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LouisLouise=LouisLouise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Irish=Blood of the Irish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucy_Kennedy_Show=The Lucy Kennedy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Zone_(2002_TV_series)=The Twilight Zone (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandini_(TV_series)=Bandini (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitani_Mohabbat_Hai=Kitani Mohabbat Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akademi_Fantasi_Indosiar=Akademi Fantasi Indosiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojak_(2005_TV_series)=Kojak (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_Kids=All for Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_(Australian_TV_program)=Sunday Night (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Crafty=She's Crafty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decorating_Adventures_of_Ambrose_Price=The Decorating Adventures of Ambrose Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Your_Money_Where_Your_Mouth_Is_(TV_series)=Put Your Money Where Your Mouth Is (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Long_Will_You_Live%3F=How Long Will You Live?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKenna_(TV_series)=McKenna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_and_the_Showgram=Bob and the Showgram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Wrecking_Balls=Human Wrecking Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_Dinner=Reunion Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.O.3an_Guo=K.O.3an Guo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_Riley_(TV_series)=Life of Riley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star-ving=Star-ving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Green_Valley=Tales from the Green Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorian_Farm=Victorian Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Over_Flowers_(TV_series)=Boys Over Flowers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Pilgrim=Extreme Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storyboard_(TV_series)=Storyboard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lei_e_o_Crime=A Lei e o Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikini_Destinations=Bikini Destinations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Kuya=Good Morning Kuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_GMTV_programmes=List of GMTV programmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_&_Substance=Style & Substance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne_Weir's_Cooking_Class=Joanne Weir's Cooking Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Australia=MasterChef Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer_(TV_series)=Custer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paleoworld=Paleoworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuggington=Chuggington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixcodelics=Pixcodelics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amada_enemiga=Amada enemiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_the_Union_with_Candy_Crowley=State of the Union with Candy Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Make-Up_Box=The Magic Make-Up Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Roses_(TV_series)=Wild Roses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Ray_J_(season_1)=For the Love of Ray J (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Den-O=Kamen Rider Den-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Eagle=Brave Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Illusion_(TV_series)=Masters of Illusion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomica_Hero:_Rescue_Fire=Tomica Hero: Rescue Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Lie=The Magic Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Faiths=Around the World in 80 Faiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_unsignedAct=Orange unsignedAct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson's_Pajanimals=Jim Henson's Pajanimals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_Perrin=Reggie Perrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_the_Scarlet_Pimpernel=The Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithsonian_Channel's_Sound_Revolution=Smithsonian Channel's Sound Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mutual_Friend_(1958_TV_serial)=Our Mutual Friend (1958 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Melon_Tale=The Winter Melon Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Chun_(TV_series)=Wing Chun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_in_the_Big_Blue_House=Bear in the Big Blue House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Income_Property=Income Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wknd@stv=Wknd@stv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_&_Marty_Krofft's_Red_Eye_Express=Sid & Marty Krofft's Red Eye Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_and_the_Samurai_Sword=Scooby-Doo! and the Samurai Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Irving=Here's Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Your_Way=On Your Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Sid_&_Marty_Krofft_at_the_Hollywood_Bowl=The World of Sid & Marty Krofft at the Hollywood Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skinny_Dip=The Skinny Dip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_to_Improve=Room to Improve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Amadeus=Little Amadeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.I.'s_Road_to_Redemption=T.I.'s Road to Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_20_Years=Around the World in 20 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Raquel=Really Raquel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMA_(Slovenia)=EMA (Slovenia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razzberry_Jazzberry_Jam=Razzberry Jazzberry Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inyan_Shel_Zman=Inyan Shel Zman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiggly_Park=Wiggly Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Morning_Headquarters=America's Morning Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Edition=Evening Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrams_&_Bettes_Beyond_the_Forecast=Abrams & Bettes Beyond the Forecast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Outlook=First Outlook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Style_(U.S._TV_series)=Country Style (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Company_(2009_TV_series)=The Electric Company (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy_(TV_series)=Nancy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Now=Weekend Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitro_Circus=Nitro Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Outlook=Weekend Outlook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_Outlook=Afternoon Outlook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PM_Edition_Weekend=PM Edition Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Planner=Day Planner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Winner=The Biggest Winner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Weather=Sunrise Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Jesse_James_(TV_series)=The Legend of Jesse James (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_(TV_series)=Damon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_a_Certain_Age=Men of a Certain Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Floor_Show=Live Floor Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Stuffed=Get Stuffed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Minute_Wonders=One Minute Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromance_(TV_series)=Bromance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_and_James_Drink_to_Britain=Oz and James Drink to Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Snooker=The King of Snooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Realm_of_Conscience=Beyond the Realm of Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Princes=Undercover Princes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_Tacks_(Pakistani_TV_series)=Brass Tacks (Pakistani TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rawside_Of...=The Rawside Of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkara_Kazhchakal=Akkara Kazhchakal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Top_(2009_TV_series)=Big Top (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid_Stupid=Cupid Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jao_Nang=Jao Nang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_and_Glot=Diego and Glot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Moon_Investigations_(TV_series)=Half Moon Investigations (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Superhero%3F_(UK_TV_series)=Who Wants to Be a Superhero? (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noise_(TV_series)=The Noise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reporter_(TV_series)=The Reporter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_White_Lie_(TV_drama)=Little White Lie (TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_(TV_series)=George (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_(TV_series)=Ruby (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komiks_Presents:_Flash_Bomba=Komiks Presents: Flash Bomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_and_Me_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=You and Me (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_the_Grade_(TV_series)=Making the Grade (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Bottom_Line=Your Bottom Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Cancun=The Real World: Cancun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVD_TV=DVD TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jean_Arthur_Show=The Jean Arthur Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Out_(TV_series)=One Way Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Bukas_Pa=May Bukas Pa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Dulce=Villa Dulce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_Sex=Let's Talk Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenthood_(1990_TV_series)=Parenthood (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Heat=Hawaiian Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekhane_Aakash_Neel=Ekhane Aakash Neel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Fama=TV Fama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_Date=Dinner Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Far_Will_You_Go%3F=How Far Will You Go?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Family_(TV_series)=Bad Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chispita_(telenovela)=Chispita (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Elephants=The Secret Life of Elephants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Pink_Shorts=Hot Pink Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkin's_Patch=Parkin's Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_Out!=Read Out!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Re-Inventors=The Re-Inventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_News_(Canada)=MTV News (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tramp_(TV_series)=Royal Tramp (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookaboo=Bookaboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad's_Army=Dad's Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Funny_Money=National Lampoon's Funny Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_llega_el_amor=Cuando llega el amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondi_Vet=Bondi Vet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nighthawks_(TV_series)=Nighthawks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_1_(TV_series)=Liverpool 1 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry's_Practice=Harry's Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Darwin_and_the_Tree_of_Life=Charles Darwin and the Tree of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_Uncovered=The City Uncovered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Parientes_Pobres=Los Parientes Pobres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Traders=Million Dollar Traders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonstrations_in_Physics=Demonstrations in Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Scotland_(TV_series)=A History of Scotland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodelo_2008=Supermodelo 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitechapel_(TV_series)=Whitechapel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_(Denmark)=Big Brother (Denmark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_the_Less=Edward the Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insectia=Insectia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aussie_Ladette_to_Lady=Aussie Ladette to Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Tonight=Singapore Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_of_The_Winds=The Kingdom of The Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrubs:_Interns=Scrubs: Interns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_Yori_Dango_Returns=Hana Yori Dango Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoville=Psychoville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_Jones=Moses Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_(Irish_TV_series)=The Great Escape (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Headlines=Camera Headlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roar_of_the_Rails=The Roar of the Rails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.N.S._Telenews=I.N.S. Telenews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Nineties_Revue=The Gay Nineties Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ted_Steele_Show=The Ted Steele Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swift_Show=The Swift Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jockeys_(TV_series)=Jockeys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reincarnated_(TV_series)=Reincarnated (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_It_Worth=What's It Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rounders_(TV_series)=The Rounders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Hollywood=Here's Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delocated=Delocated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ghost_Story_for_Christmas=A Ghost Story for Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoked_(TV_series)=Stoked (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Two-Shoes=Jimmy Two-Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee_(TV_series)=Glee (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_West_Country=ITV News West Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria's_Next_Topmodel_(cycle_1)=Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_alt.sessions=The alt.sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Play_(Canadian_political_affairs_series)=Power Play (Canadian political affairs series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_vs._Kat=Kid vs. Kat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Jeanine_Pirro=Judge Jeanine Pirro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_It!=Pop It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Survived...=I Survived...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_First_Impression=Your First Impression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kya_Dill_Mein_Hai=Kya Dill Mein Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_of_Hedsor_Hall=The Girls of Hedsor Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel's_HQ=Noel's HQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Broadway=Mr. Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Catch_a_Predator=To Catch a Predator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_the_Girls=Leave It to the Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Witness_(TV_series)=Your Witness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthie_on_the_Telephone=Ruthie on the Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roommates_(TV_series)=Roommates (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concert_Tonight=Concert Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Things_I_Hate_About_You_(TV_series)=10 Things I Hate About You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I've_Never_Seen_Star_Wars_(TV_series)=I've Never Seen Star Wars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_It_or_Break_It=Make It or Break It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VeggieTales=VeggieTales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biz_Kid$=Biz Kid$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_Gardeners=Guerrilla Gardeners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokubanme_no_Sayoko=Rokubanme no Sayoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughter_Knights=Laughter Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Trooper_(TV_series)=State Trooper (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clothes-Line=Clothes-Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_(UK_TV_series)=Inside Out (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verano_de_amor=Verano de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How's_Your_News%3F=How's Your News?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RollBots=RollBots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(Netherlands_TV_series)=The Biggest Loser (Netherlands TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COronado_9=COronado 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Detective=City Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.I.R._(TV_series)=F.I.R. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Pegs_(Hong_Kong_TV_series)=Square Pegs (Hong Kong TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_Lookaround=ITV News Lookaround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Queen_(TV_series)=Dancing Queen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On-Foot=On-Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor:_Khatron_Ke_Khiladi_(season_2)=Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandhan_Saat_Janamon_Ka=Bandhan Saat Janamon Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahe_Tera_Aashirwaad=Rahe Tera Aashirwaad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeevan_Saathi=Jeevan Saathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor_India=Fear Factor India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_in_My_Pocket=Grandpa in My Pocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Green_Gables:_The_Animated_Series=Anne of Green Gables: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorians=The Victorians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_Philippines=Survivor Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snog_Marry_Avoid%3F=Snog Marry Avoid?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_&_Albert_(TV_serial)=Victoria & Albert (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dapat_Ka_Bang_Mahalin%3F=Dapat Ka Bang Mahalin?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogg_After_Dark=Dogg After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundali_(TV_series)=Kundali (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Jones=Kentucky Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/26_Men=26 Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Morgan's_Life_Stories=Piers Morgan's Life Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrainSurge=BrainSurge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dwarf:_Back_to_Earth=Red Dwarf: Back to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Girls=Go Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infamous_Murders=Infamous Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southland_(TV_series)=Southland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_(2009_TV_series)=Only You (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNN:_Showbiz_News_Ngayon=SNN: Showbiz News Ngayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaisi_Laagi_Lagan=Kaisi Laagi Lagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Shop=Property Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donny_&_Marie_(1976_TV_series)=Donny & Marie (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Ishq_Ki_Marzi_Woh_Rab_Ki_Marzi=Jo Ishq Ki Marzi Woh Rab Ki Marzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_It!_Minority_Success_Stories=Making It! Minority Success Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Kit_Carson=The Adventures of Kit Carson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Street_Where_You_Live_(TV_series)=On the Street Where You Live (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atwood_Stories=The Atwood Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shields_Stories=The Shields Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharman_(TV_series)=Sharman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zov_Djungley=Zov Djungley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Dance_for_Comic_Relief=Let's Dance for Comic Relief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Desk=International Desk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yle_Uutiset=Yle Uutiset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Re_Ga_Ma_Pa_Marathi_L'il_Champs=Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Marathi L'il Champs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Take_(TV_series)=The Take (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marshal_of_Gunsight_Pass=The Marshal of Gunsight Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Balloon_Club=Green Balloon Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKWOD=SKWOD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oregon_Trail_(TV_series)=The Oregon Trail (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literary_Death_Match=Literary Death Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_&_Bird=3rd & Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brink_(TV_series)=Brink (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prratima=Prratima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_Express_(TV_series)=Pony Express (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animaniacs=Animaniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_Down_Under=Wanted Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubi_(TV_series)=Rubi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2009=Star Awards 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/106_&_Gospel=106 & Gospel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_Smith_(TV_series)=Whispering Smith (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Secret=Deadly Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Money_(season_1)=I Love Money (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM_(TV_series)=FM (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cedar_Tree=The Cedar Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Fairies=Star Fairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureko,_ja_to_wiem!=Eureko, ja to wiem!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N1ckola=N1ckola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chisholms=The Chisholms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbors_from_Hell=Neighbors from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Honor_Wrestling=Ring of Honor Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomax,_the_Hound_of_Music=Lomax, the Hound of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eco_Eye=Eco Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_(TV_series)=The Wedding (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Mitchell_Reports=Andrea Mitchell Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stu_Erwin_Show=The Stu Erwin Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harts_of_the_West=Harts of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Evening_Report=GMA Evening Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Headline_News=GMA Headline News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Abroad=Pinoy Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Legend_of_Madame_White_Snake=New Legend of Madame White Snake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_DJ=Midnight DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griff_(TV_series)=Griff (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Center=Cool Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gabby_Hayes_Show=The Gabby Hayes Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hexer_(TV_series)=The Hexer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Lee's_Comedy_Vehicle=Stewart Lee's Comedy Vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Exploration_with_Jarod_Miller=Animal Exploration with Jarod Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCIS:_Los_Angeles=NCIS: Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon_Headmaster_(TV_series)=The Demon Headmaster (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/League_of_Super_Evil=League of Super Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_Buttowski:_Suburban_Daredevil=Kick Buttowski: Suburban Daredevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windy_City_Jamboree=Windy City Jamboree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fajront_Republika=Fajront Republika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berks_(TV_series)=Berks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-mik=G-mik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_and_Mr_Duk=Tiny and Mr Duk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplodos=Diplodos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Stars_(TV_series)=Movie Stars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Little's_Big_Show=Leo Little's Big Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bowmans=The Bowmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_News_Summary=BBC News Summary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Dyrdek's_Fantasy_Factory=Rob Dyrdek's Fantasy Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kind_of_Magic_(TV_series)=A Kind of Magic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Force_Nature=Full Force Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Lives:_True_Ghost_Stories=Haunted Lives: True Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weather_Classroom=The Weather Classroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Weather_Changed_History=When Weather Changed History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rallarsving=Rallarsving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_at_Eight=Drama at Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Show=The Music Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Music=This is Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Is_Wild_(TV_series)=The Future Is Wild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCG_Ultimate_Gamer=WCG Ultimate Gamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_One_(TV_series)=Day One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballymagash=Ballymagash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_(1978_TV_series)=Sam (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_(2009_miniseries)=The Prisoner (2009 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cisco_Kid_(TV_series)=The Cisco Kid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_&_Jerry_Halloween_Special=Tom & Jerry Halloween Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia's_Greatest_Athlete=Australia's Greatest Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Russia=Top Gear Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_Control=Crisis Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_and_Mark's_Guide_to_Dodging_Disaster=Sam and Mark's Guide to Dodging Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamp_Unto_My_Feet=Lamp Unto My Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_Jackie=Nurse Jackie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_of_the_Game=The Beauty of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRO_Cinemaserye=SRO Cinemaserye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Science_(TV_series)=Rocket Science (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Actress=Fat Actress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Chance_of_Love=Real Chance of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mujer_de_mi_vida=La mujer de mi vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matanglawin_(TV_program)=Matanglawin (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrecked:_Life_in_the_Crash_Lane=Wrecked: Life in the Crash Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Cops=Paranormal Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Animal_(TV_series)=The Human Animal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horne_&_Corden=Horne & Corden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Maxi=Jo Maxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna-Barbera's_50th:_A_Yabba_Dabba_Doo_Celebration=Hanna-Barbera's 50th: A Yabba Dabba Doo Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Jer3miah=The Book of Jer3miah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Girls=Candy Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jibber_Jabber_(TV_series)=Jibber Jabber (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treme_(TV_series)=Treme (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunwale_Dulhania_Le_Jayenge=Gunwale Dulhania Le Jayenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mere_Ghar_Aayi_Ek_Nanhi_Pari=Mere Ghar Aayi Ek Nanhi Pari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Murray's_Multiple_Personality_Disorder=Al Murray's Multiple Personality Disorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Breakfast_with_Wes_Venn=Heart Breakfast with Wes Venn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATV_Today=ATV Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_&_Clark_(TV_series)=Lewis & Clark (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miley_Jab_Hum_Tum=Miley Jab Hum Tum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerwhizz=Kerwhizz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Spiez!=The Amazing Spiez!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Hudson's_Secret_Journal=Dr. Hudson's Secret Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Justin_Lee_Collins_Show=The Justin Lee Collins Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Virgins=Property Virgins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtel_Super_Singer_2=Airtel Super Singer 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_David_Grief=Captain David Grief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forecast_Earth=Forecast Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_(TV_series)=Encyclopedia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_(1961_TV_series)=Shannon (1961 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_(TV_series)=Community (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_(1981_TV_series)=Shannon (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_and_Sour_(2000s_TV_series)=Sweet and Sour (2000s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante_(TV_series)=Dante (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabki_Laadli_Bebo=Sabki Laadli Bebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Tracks=Master Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Donovan,_Western_Marshal=Steve Donovan, Western Marshal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Murphy's_Crash_Comedy=Charlie Murphy's Crash Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaoke_Star_Jr.=Karaoke Star Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_4)=MTV Roadies (season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Awfully_Bad_For_Your_Eyes,_Darling=It's Awfully Bad For Your Eyes, Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si_Dios_me_quita_la_vida=Si Dios me quita la vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mr._Potato_Head_Show=The Mr. Potato Head Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balada_por_un_amor=Balada por un amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Camino_Secreto=El Camino Secreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Fever_(TV_series)=Night Fever (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Genius=A Question of Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_(UK_TV_series)=Missing (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhani_Tackles_the_Globe=Dhani Tackles the Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_the_Stage=Taking the Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_(BBC_TV_series)=Yellowstone (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voix=La Voix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Cook,_Little_Cook=Big Cook, Little Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_pecado=Mi pecado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Life:_TBL=The Beautiful Life: TBL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human,_All_Too_Human_(TV_series)=Human, All Too Human (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_(DuMont_TV_series)=Love Story (DuMont TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapitch_the_Little_Shoemaker_(TV_series)=Lapitch the Little Shoemaker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love_(season_1)=Tough Love (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STV_News=STV News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_News_Digest=GMA News Digest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talentadong_Pinoy=Talentadong Pinoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Saturday/Sunday_Report=GMA Saturday/Sunday Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_at_Seven=News at Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_News_with_Uncle_Bob=The News with Uncle Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_11:30_Report=The 11:30 Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Today_(Philippine_news_series)=The World Today (Philippine news series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Che_Che_Lazaro_Presents=Che Che Lazaro Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_to_Eye_(TV_series)=Eye to Eye (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaster_DIY=Disaster DIY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_in_Paris_(Philippine_TV_series)=Lovers in Paris (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuide_ri_Cathy=Cuide ri Cathy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_for_12=Table for 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_News_Advisory=ABS-CBN News Advisory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_to_Rhythm=Flight to Rhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joseph_Cotten_Show=The Joseph Cotten Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Dell_Conway_of_the_Flying_Tigers=Major Dell Conway of the Flying Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osbournes_Reloaded=Osbournes Reloaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_temas_al_amor=No temas al amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Enemigo=El Enemigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Ardiente_Secreto=El Ardiente Secreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Godmother:_The_Revenge_of_Jimmy=Scary Godmother: The Revenge of Jimmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Infedele=L'Infedele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Realm=Dark Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Law_(U.S._TV_series)=Murphy's Law (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_(TV_series)=Closer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Century=The Living Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marde_Do_Hezar_Chehreh=Marde Do Hezar Chehreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pacific_(TV_series)=South Pacific (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_vs._100_(UK_game_show)=1 vs. 100 (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_(Season_1)=StarStruck (Season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Patrol_(U.S._TV_series)=Border Patrol (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Halls'_Great_Escape=Monty Halls' Great Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Howard's_Big_Question=Little Howard's Big Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchmen:_Motion_Comic=Watchmen: Motion Comic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_(Season_2)=StarStruck (Season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Best_Drives=Britain's Best Drives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kymmenen_uutiset=Kymmenen uutiset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CP24_Breakfast=CP24 Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_the_Nation=Taste the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Goes_to_Work=New York Goes to Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laytons=The Laytons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_(Season_3)=StarStruck (Season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_No._10=Jersey No. 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Nation=Sport Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Ultimate_Alien=Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cougar_(TV_series)=The Cougar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verissimo_(TV_series)=Verissimo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porta_a_Porta=Porta a Porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnnoZero=AnnoZero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockschool=Rockschool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Season_(TV_series)=Pilot Season (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bold_Concert_Series=Bold Concert Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Seconds_(TV_series)=30 Seconds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesters_(TV_series)=The Jesters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Annapolis=Men of Annapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lush_House=Lush House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMTV=AMTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Service_(TV_series)=The Silent Service (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namak_Haraam_(TV_series)=Namak Haraam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkaar_Ki_Duniya=Sarkaar Ki Duniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicky_Ki_Taxi=Vicky Ki Taxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Pandav=Ninja Pandav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindi_Hai_Hum=Hindi Hai Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Evidence=Extreme Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostbusters_(1986_TV_series)=Ghostbusters (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Gay_Canada=Mr. Gay Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooby-Doo!_Mystery_Incorporated=Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spy_(1955_TV_series)=I Spy (1955 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Op_zoek_naar_Maria=Op zoek naar Maria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ed_Show=The Ed Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalinda_(Philippines_TV_series)=Rosalinda (Philippines TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Heavyweights=The Ultimate Fighter: Heavyweights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maanada_Mayilada=Maanada Mayilada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Pennington's_Great_British_Adventure=Ty Pennington's Great British Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostock's_Cup=Bostock's Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Nexxt_Door=The Boy Nexxt Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Place_(2009_TV_series)=Melrose Place (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_to_One_(TV_series)=One to One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Town=Top Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oops_TV=Oops TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_(Season_4)=StarStruck (Season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Sports=MTV Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adik_Sa'Yo=Adik Sa'Yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praxis_Discussion_Series=Praxis Discussion Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Anderson=Jefferson Anderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijf_tegen_Vijf=Vijf tegen Vijf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Langoliers_(TV_miniseries)=The Langoliers (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(2009_TV_serial)=Emma (2009 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Amateur_Home_Videos=Naughty Amateur Home Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afterlife_with_Suzane_Northrop=The Afterlife with Suzane Northrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Afterschool_Special=ABC Afterschool Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_First_Gig=My First Gig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up!_Que_Pasa=What's Up! Que Pasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Uncertainty=The Age of Uncertainty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hole_in_the_Wall_(Polish_game_show)=Hole in the Wall (Polish game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_from_Here_(TV_series)=The View from Here (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Outing=Family Outing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_101=Dogs 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alondra_(telenovela)=Alondra (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Brannagan=The Brothers Brannagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugat_ng_Kahapon=Sugat ng Kahapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBA_Gametime_Live=NBA Gametime Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_News_(Canadian_morning_TV_show)=Morning News (Canadian morning TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Royal_(TV_series)=Mount Royal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Global=Strictly Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef_Masters=Top Chef Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charm_School_with_Ricki_Lake=Charm School with Ricki Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Alice=This Is Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrille_Cine=Thrille Cine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Midnight_(TV_series)=Johnny Midnight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenders_of_the_Game=Defenders of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Diary=Personal Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Man_(1980_TV_series)=Ladies Man (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish!=Dish!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teens_in_the_Wild=Teens in the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawbreaker_(TV_series)=Jawbreaker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierra_Sangre=Tierra Sangre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Speaker=The Speaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garfield_Show=The Garfield Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_New_Jersey=The Real Housewives of New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Oz=The Trials of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Swiss_Family_Robinson=The Real Swiss Family Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow!_Wow!_Wubbzy!:_Wubb_Idol=Wow! Wow! Wubbzy!: Wubb Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirena_(telenovela)=Sirena (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_the_Exterminator=Billy the Exterminator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hung_(TV_series)=Hung (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastwick_(TV_series)=Eastwick (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cougar_Town=Cougar Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird,_True_&_Freaky=Weird, True & Freaky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appalachia:_A_History_of_Mountains_and_People=Appalachia: A History of Mountains and People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Politic_(TV_pilot)=Body Politic (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_(2009_TV_series)=Hank (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Moyles'_Quiz_Night=Chris Moyles' Quiz Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_Man_(cartoon)=Mask Man (cartoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Dick_and_Dom=The Legend of Dick and Dom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Command=Harbor Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Kitchen_(UK_series_4)=Hell's Kitchen (UK series 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_(late_bulletins)=ITV News (late bulletins)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Othersiders=The Othersiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Cagayan_Valley=TV Patrol Cagayan Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outtake_TV=Outtake TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1%25_of_Anything=1% of Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Forward=Planet Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Signal!=No Signal!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_loba_herida=La loba herida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Coach=Undercover Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaround_(UK_game_show)=Runaround (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Summer_with_Des=My Summer with Des
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2009_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2009 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadliest_Warrior=Deadliest Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magicians_of_Love=The Magicians of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Juice_in_Bishops_Garden=Orange Juice in Bishops Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Drinkin'_Lincoln=Hard Drinkin' Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanks_Go_Home=Yanks Go Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahil_May_Isang_Ikaw=Dahil May Isang Ikaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerhill_(TV_series)=Summerhill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight's_the_Night_(TV_series)=Tonight's the Night (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_with_Mike_Wallace=20th Century with Mike Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_&_Doug_(TV_series)=Bob & Doug (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Marietta_(television)=Naughty Marietta (television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Security_(TV_series)=Maximum Security (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Later_On_2=Later On 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_the_Medici=The Age of the Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLS_Game_of_the_Week=MLS Game of the Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Southern_Tagalog=TV Patrol Southern Tagalog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_of_Wife=Temptation of Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand's_Got_Talent=New Zealand's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpool_(web_series)=Carpool (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrigan_and_Son=Harrigan and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky's_the_Limit_(game_show)=The Sky's the Limit (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvage_Code_Red=Salvage Code Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Q.C.=Boyd Q.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nurses_(CBS_TV_series)=The Nurses (CBS TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack's_Place=Jack's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_Please=Places Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Ng_six_star_gau_gau_zan=Richard Ng six star gau gau zan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheel_of_Fortune_(New_Zealand_game_show)=Wheel of Fortune (New Zealand game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever_Happened_to_That_Guy%3F=Whatever Happened to That Guy?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGA_Tour_on_CBS=PGA Tour on CBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_Charity_Mafia=Blonde Charity Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aansoo=Aansoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukha_ng_Buhay=Mukha ng Buhay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hider_in_the_House=Hider in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbormaster_(TV_series)=Harbormaster (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jace_Hall_Show=The Jace Hall Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Before_They_Catch_Us=Quick Before They Catch Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_in_My_Heart=Forever in My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Coast_Sessions=East Coast Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penpen_de_Sarapen=Penpen de Sarapen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkin'_'Bout_Your_Generation=Talkin' 'Bout Your Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasaan_Ka_Maruja%3F=Nasaan Ka Maruja?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darna_(2009_TV_series)=Darna (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_7=Calle 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Patrol=Love Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG15:_The_Last=LG15: The Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(TV_series)=Heat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Houses=Trading Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PitchMen=PitchMen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToGetHer=ToGetHer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Coreys_(TV_series)=The Two Coreys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Girlfriend=Secret Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_Gourmet=Guerrilla Gourmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_on_Global=NHL on Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rovers_(TV_series)=The Rovers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pressure_Cooker=The Pressure Cooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_&_I=The Queen & I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_and_the_Duchess=Dick and the Duchess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear:_US_Special=Top Gear: US Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_the_Bay=Quest for the Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Bridge (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Hora_Marcada=La Hora Marcada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eggs=The Eggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dex_Hamilton:_Alien_Entomologist=Dex Hamilton: Alien Entomologist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Golf=Monday Night Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Gundam_V=Space Gundam V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_of_the_Sun=Heat of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_Supreme=Queens Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Air_(TV_series)=On Air (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Shower=Autumn Shower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_in_the_Court=Conspiracy in the Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGA_Tour_on_ABC=PGA Tour on ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Disaster=Surviving Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HushHush=HushHush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dyer's_Deadliest_Men=Danny Dyer's Deadliest Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula's_Best_Dishes=Paula's Best Dishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Lynch's_Wonderwomen=Katherine Lynch's Wonderwomen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comeback_(TV_series)=Comeback (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_Lynch's_Working_Girls=Katherine Lynch's Working Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_and_His_Hob=One Man and His Hob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4_Underground=G4 Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_UK_(series_3)=The Biggest Loser UK (series 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Producing_Parker=Producing Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Revolution_P-League=Bowling Revolution P-League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinara_(TV_series)=Marinara (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_Rock_(TV_series)=Z Rock (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATV_Midlands_News=ATV Midlands News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigret_(1992_TV_series)=Maigret (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bij_ons_in_de_Jordaan=Bij ons in de Jordaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Six_O'Clock_Show=The Six O'Clock Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Scorpio=Alpha Scorpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hospital_(UK_TV_series)=City Hospital (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How'd_You_Get_So_Rich%3F=How'd You Get So Rich?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeMADE=HomeMADE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAC_Cup_Future_Stars=TAC Cup Future Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Bride=Golden Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Bites=Life Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Che_tempo_che_fa=Che tempo che fa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnibus_(talk_show)=Omnibus (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Be_Different=Born to Be Different
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavitra_Rishta=Pavitra Rishta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_My_Teacher=Hello My Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonstop_(TV_series)=Nonstop (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Junior_Unbelievable_Story=Super Junior Unbelievable Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banjun_Drama=Banjun Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Stooges_Scrapbook=The Three Stooges Scrapbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Miss_Mallard_Mystery=A Miss Mallard Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhundle_Raste=Dhundle Raste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chotti_Bahu=Chotti Bahu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halik_Sa_Apoy=Halik Sa Apoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loveholic_(TV_series)=Loveholic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Junior_Mini-Drama=Super Junior Mini-Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Kiss=April Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Questions=100 Questions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loudmouths=Loudmouths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_(TV_series)=Mercy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_David_Young=Judge David Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doing_DaVinci=Doing DaVinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Brothers_(TV_series)=Band of Brothers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disband_(TV_series)=Disband (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_(TV_series)=Wild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muodin_huipulle=Muodin huipulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_6=Mystery 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_&_Kristina's_Grocery_Bag=Anna & Kristina's Grocery Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India's_Got_Talent=India's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_of_Youth=Stage of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_Zero=Romance Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunja's_Happy_Events=Chunja's Happy Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_2=Sharp 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Daddy=Good Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Australia_(season_1)=Project Runway Australia (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Australia_(season_2)=Project Runway Australia (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/69_Sexy_Things_2_Do_Before_You_Die=69 Sexy Things 2 Do Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brian_Keith_Show=The Brian Keith Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Babes=Around the World in 80 Babes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Nation=Comedy Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_to_Go=TV to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoga_Park_(TV_series)=Canoga Park (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Rotic_(TV_series)=E-Rotic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Raindrop=Master Raindrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Bukas_Pa_(1999_TV_series)=May Bukas Pa (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shubh_Kadam=Shubh Kadam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_an_Animal=My Life as an Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Back_(TV_series)=Get Back (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foursome_(TV_series)=Foursome (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Babes_Doing_Stuff_Naked=Hot Babes Doing Stuff Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Talks_(TV_series)=Money Talks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trauma_(TV_series)=Trauma (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenthood_(2010_TV_series)=Parenthood (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Happy_Girls=Naked Happy Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fashion_Show_(U.S._TV_series)=The Fashion Show (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganyan_Kita_Kamahal=Ganyan Kita Kamahal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Bride_(TV_series)=Son of the Bride (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_and_Imagination=Mystery and Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_Prime=Playboy Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_of_Night_(TV_series)=Dead of Night (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_TV_Double_Features=Playboy TV Double Features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_the_Perfect_Girlfriend=Search for the Perfect Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Sex=School of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Us_Your_Wits=Show Us Your Wits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Busted=Totally Busted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailando_Kids=Bailando Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Playboy=World of Playboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Family=Modern Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Rescues=Real Rescues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_SpeedWorld=ESPN SpeedWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_Show=The Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Mystery=Tales of Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talang_2009=Talang 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Art_Project=The Big Art Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passengers_(TV_series)=Passengers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_in_the_Dark=Leap in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Blue_Movies=Baby Blue Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survive_This=Survive This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers_(miniseries)=The Borrowers (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashback_(game_show)=Flashback (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Diva=Drop Dead Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubble_Live=Hubble Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bleus_(TV_series)=Les Bleus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_Me_a_Family=Find Me a Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Love=Magical Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_(TV_series)=The Rose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Song:_Boystown=Your Song: Boystown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_to_the_Crown=Countdown to the Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noorpur_Ki_Rani=Noorpur Ki Rani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saiqa_(TV_series)=Saiqa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Rush=Double Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_France_a_un_incroyable_talent=La France a un incroyable talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishq_Junoon_Deewangi=Ishq Junoon Deewangi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draw_Your_Own_Toons=Draw Your Own Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspense_(U.S._TV_series)=Suspense (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Tycoon=The Next Tycoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Hilton's_My_New_BFF_(season_2)=Paris Hilton's My New BFF (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Model_Agent=The Model Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganbatte_Ikimasshoi=Ganbatte Ikimasshoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_Baseball=Frog Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_TKM=Isa TKM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Force_India_The_Fast_and_The_Gorgeous=MTV Force India The Fast and The Gorgeous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scottish_Golf_Show=The Scottish Golf Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kourtney_and_Kim_Take_Miami=Kourtney and Kim Take Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Hearts=Twin Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Friend=Dear Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gisele_MacKenzie_Show=The Gisele MacKenzie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_(magazine_series)=The Hour (magazine series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaurya_Aur_Suhani=Shaurya Aur Suhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(2009_TV_series)=Brothers (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aapki_Antara=Aapki Antara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Town_(TV_series)=Happy Town (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(2009_TV_series)=V (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_(Indonesia_TV_series)=The Master (Indonesia TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Diaries=The Vampire Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhansi_Ki_Rani_(TV_series)=Jhansi Ki Rani (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasta_Que_el_Dinero_Nos_Separe=Hasta Que el Dinero Nos Separe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_(TV_series)=The Forgotten (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Ke_Liye_Kuch_Bhi_Karega=Entertainment Ke Liye Kuch Bhi Karega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Middle_(TV_series)=The Middle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanboy_&_Chum_Chum=Fanboy & Chum Chum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Queen=My Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Target_(2010_TV_series)=Human Target (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Tucson=Sons of Tucson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Life_(TV_series)=Past Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Saturday_Movie_of_the_Week=ABC Saturday Movie of the Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Mrs._Cherrywinkle=Hello Mrs. Cherrywinkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leya,_Ang_Pinakamagandang_Babae_Sa_Ilalim_Ng_Lupa=Leya, Ang Pinakamagandang Babae Sa Ilalim Ng Lupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidentally_on_Purpose_(TV_series)=Accidentally on Purpose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Rivers_(TV_series)=Three Rivers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Medical=Miami Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Wife=The Good Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico's_Next_Top_Model=Mexico's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Tank=Shark Tank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_(TV_series)=Vanguard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Safari_(STV_TV_series)=On Safari (STV TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Ref_(U.S._TV_series)=The Marriage Ref (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngayon_at_Kailanman_(TV_series)=Ngayon at Kailanman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Del_Mar_(1998_TV_series)=Rio Del Mar (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Fellowes_Investigates:_A_Most_Mysterious_Murder=Julian Fellowes Investigates: A Most Mysterious Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Human_Journey=The Incredible Human Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.E.B.=W.E.B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II_Behind_Closed_Doors:_Stalin,_the_Nazis_and_the_West=World War II Behind Closed Doors: Stalin, the Nazis and the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers,_A_History_of_Men_in_Battle=Soldiers, A History of Men in Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Emergency=Highland Emergency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_in_Conflict=People in Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magistrate's_Court_(TV_series)=Magistrate's Court (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cake_Boss=Cake Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_(game_show)=Divided (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitched_or_Ditched=Hitched or Ditched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Friend:_Madrasta=Dear Friend: Madrasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Dog_Mendoza=Fat Dog Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah-Oke=Hannah-Oke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front_Line_(TV_series)=The Front Line (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_(BBC_TV_series)=Congo (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidestreet=Sidestreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camaleones=Camaleones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnevnik_HRT=Dnevnik HRT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Celebrity...Get_Me_Out_of_Here!_(U.S._TV_series)=I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_(TV_series)=Paradox (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Blue_(TV_series)=Dark Blue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyoti_(TV_series)=Jyoti (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abe_Burrows'_Almanac=Abe Burrows' Almanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Liza=Anna Liza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liwanag_Ng_Hatinggabi=Liwanag Ng Hatinggabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Way_to_Care=A Great Way to Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_World_(TV_series)=Woman's World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Heaven_(2003_TV_series)=Blue Heaven (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Unexpected=Life Unexpected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Family_Show=The King Family Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool_Academy_(U.S._TV_series)=Tool Academy (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroy_Build_Destroy=Destroy Build Destroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_and_Cecil=George and Cecil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsessed_(TV_series)=Obsessed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_Friends_for_Change=Disney's Friends for Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimatum=The Ultimatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_'n'_Bacon=Snake 'n' Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Jammers=Food Jammers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Team_Live=Time Team Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_on_Saturday=Sin on Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familia_Zaragoza=Familia Zaragoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Afternoon_(TV_series)=This Afternoon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Team_America=Time Team America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokhav_Nolad_7=Kokhav Nolad 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_(TV_series)=Hawthorne (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Heaven_(Philippines_TV_series)=Stairway to Heaven (Philippines TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kind_of_People=My Kind of People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawak_Ko_Ang_Langit=Hawak Ko Ang Langit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam's_Family_Tree=Adam's Family Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Life_(TV_series)=All My Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Week_in_Politics=The Week in Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_the_'90s_(UK_TV_series)=I Love the '90s (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taarak_Mehta_Ka_Ooltah_Chashmah=Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saang_Sulok_ng_Langit=Saang Sulok ng Langit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_Life_(TV_series)=The Meaning of Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOOK_(TV_series)=KOOK (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generations_(South_African_TV_series)=Generations (South African TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Party=Food Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Rollins:_Uncut=Henry Rollins: Uncut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Is_a_Tramp_(TV_series)=The Lady Is a Tramp (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Rona_Home=My Rona Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Didn't_Know_I_Was_Pregnant=I Didn't Know I Was Pregnant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IFC_Media_Project=The IFC Media Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Laughs_(U.S._TV_series)=Just for Laughs (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Soup=Web Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongkong_Flight_143=Hongkong Flight 143
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_Gracia=Mia Gracia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Aagawin_Mo_Ang_Lahat_Sa_Akin=Kung Aagawin Mo Ang Lahat Sa Akin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cut_(UK_TV_series)=The Cut (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrainRush=BrainRush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swamp_Critters_of_Lost_Lagoon=The Swamp Critters of Lost Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motoring_(TV_series)=Motoring (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_McIntyre's_Comedy_Roadshow=Michael McIntyre's Comedy Roadshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OFW_Diaries=OFW Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photographic_Horizons=Photographic Horizons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_(TV_series)=Better (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Platform=People's Platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_(TV_series)=Split (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_with_Me=Work with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Strictest_Parents=The World's Strictest Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shel_Mi_HaShura_HaZot%3F=Shel Mi HaShura HaZot?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Cheonchu=Empress Cheonchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsline_(NHK)=Newsline (NHK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primetime_News=Primetime News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_Sa_Puso_Ko=Ikaw Sa Puso Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walang_Hanggan_(GMA_TV_series)=Walang Hanggan (GMA TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Chance_of_Love_(season_2)=Real Chance of Love (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_Knock_Loving_You=Knock Knock Loving You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Africa=Expedition Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYC_Prep=NYC Prep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Dugan=Mr. Dugan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Good_(TV_series)=So Good (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Sheen=Planet Sheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biglang_Sibol,_Bayang_Impasibol=Biglang Sibol, Bayang Impasibol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadenang_Kristal=Kadenang Kristal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowitalls=Knowitalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaDavar_HaGadol_HaBa=HaDavar HaGadol HaBa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorinos=Victorinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baar_(reality_TV)=Baar (reality TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balance:_Television_for_Living_Well=Balance: Television for Living Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_Night_Live_(TV_series)=Thursday Night Live (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Martin,_DDS=Glenn Martin, DDS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_&_Michael_Have_Issues=Michael & Michael Have Issues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Jung-eun's_Chocolate=Kim Jung-eun's Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guide_to_the_Good_Life=Guide to the Good Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Laul=Eesti Laul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualty_1900s=Casualty 1900s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_On_with_Alexa_Chung=It's On with Alexa Chung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20Q_(game_show)=20Q (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qui_studio_a_voi_stadio=Qui studio a voi stadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Carr:_Chatty_Man=Alan Carr: Chatty Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casados_con_hijos_(Colombia)=Casados con hijos (Colombia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_So_Many_Things=Like So Many Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inside_Man_(TV_series)=The Inside Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_D.C.=The Real World: D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Buck_Live=Joe Buck Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_a_Gigolo_(TV_series)=Just a Gigolo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$5_Cover=$5 Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffery_&_Cole_Casserole=Jeffery & Cole Casserole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Money=Strictly Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Zimmern's_Bizarre_World=Andrew Zimmern's Bizarre World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Home_(1989_TV_series)=Close to Home (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Hilton's_Dubai_BFF=Paris Hilton's Dubai BFF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_(2009_TV_series)=The Beast (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_(TV_series)=Kelly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mary_Van_Note_Show=The Mary Van Note Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pintados_(TV_series)=Pintados (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Away_with_Murder_(web_series)=Getting Away with Murder (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skate_Nation=Skate Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Smarter_Than_a_5th_Grader%3F_(Hong_Kong)=Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader? (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Library_(TV_series)=Silent Library (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Classic_Car=My Classic Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troop=The Troop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ_&_the_Fro=DJ & the Fro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_East_Business_Report=Middle East Business Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_a_Theory=It's Only a Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_the_Lawnmower=Larry the Lawnmower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Hill_South_Beach=College Hill South Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Prison_Breaks=Real Prison Breaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendra_(TV_series)=Kendra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flappers_(TV_series)=Flappers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_House_My_Castle=My House My Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimewatch=Crimewatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_(Israeli_TV_series)=The Block (Israeli TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May_on_the_Moon=James May on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May_at_the_Edge_of_Space=James May at the Edge of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worzel_Gummidge_(TV_series)=Worzel Gummidge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Had_to_Be_You_(TV_series)=It Had to Be You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzy's_World=Suzy's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOLOS:_The_Jazz_Sessions=SOLOS: The Jazz Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jonathan_Ross_Show=The Jonathan Ross Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bite_Me_with_Dr._Mike=Bite Me with Dr. Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Paradise=Food Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_UK_(series_1)=The Biggest Loser UK (series 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16_and_Pregnant=16 and Pregnant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boss_My_Hero=My Boss My Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Curiosity_Shop_(miniseries)=The Old Curiosity Shop (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear:_Botswana_Special=Top Gear: Botswana Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_House_Has_Joy=Old House Has Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Blades=Battle of the Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_Python's_Flying_Circus=Monty Python's Flying Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orthros_no_Inu=Orthros no Inu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherds_of_Berneray=Shepherds of Berneray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbeatables_III=The Unbeatables III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Sushi=Dancing Sushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue:_Special_Ops=Rescue: Special Ops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_in_the_Life=Dave in the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Saved_My_Life=You Saved My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Ways=Air Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_Theatre=Sunday Night Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Ray_J=For the Love of Ray J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_and_Duck_(TV_series)=Dog and Duck (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Collar_(TV_series)=White Collar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toddlers_&_Tiaras=Toddlers & Tiaras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Paradise_(TV_series)=Trouble in Paradise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangs_of_Oz=Gangs of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Hardest=Britain's Hardest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudaktan_Kalbe=Dudaktan Kalbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Wheels_Battle_Force_5=Hot Wheels Battle Force 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicion_(TV_series)=Suspicion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court_of_Last_Resort=The Court of Last Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Sanders_Mystery_Theater=The George Sanders Mystery Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Corliss_Archer_(TV_series)=Meet Corliss Archer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_(TV_series)=Rubicon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recruits_(TV_series)=Recruits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam's_Game=Sam's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookie_Blue=Rookie Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Nancy=Dr. Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dylan_Ratigan_Show=The Dylan Ratigan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audrina=Audrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Home_with_the_Neelys=Down Home with the Neelys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Maximum=Titan Maximum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maat_Pitaah_Ke_Charnon_Mein_Swarg=Maat Pitaah Ke Charnon Mein Swarg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Their_Boots=In Their Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_With_Al=Wake Up With Al
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Detective=The Great Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(2010_TV_series)=Shattered (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakty_TVN=Fakty TVN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_and_Harold=Ann and Harold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Behind_the_Badge=The Man Behind the Badge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DDU:_District_Detective_Unit=DDU: District Detective Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_vs._Cartoon=Man vs. Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_Been_Watching=You Have Been Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower:_A_Tale_of_Two_Cities=The Tower: A Tale of Two Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Nature's_Giants=Inside Nature's Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiller_(TV_series)=Quiller (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Road=Iron Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Geek_News=Your Geek News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_&_Neffe=Frankie & Neffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_American_Road_Trip=The Great American Road Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLB_Tonight=MLB Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Man_Out_(UK_TV_series)=Odd Man Out (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(UK_game_show)=The Chase (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Chips=Rock & Chips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headline_Country=Headline Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagdad_Cafe_(TV_series)=Bagdad Cafe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battery_Park_(TV_series)=Battery Park (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vent!=The Vent!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overruled!=Overruled!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lascars_(TV_series)=Lascars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_We_Ruled_the_Earth=Before We Ruled the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outer_Limits_(1963_TV_series)=The Outer Limits (1963 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Night_(TV_programme)=Fight Night (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_(TV_series)=Katie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Streamy_Awards=1st Streamy Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Boom_(TV_series)=Baby Boom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_to_Love=More to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Take_(TV_series)=Double Take (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lowdown_(TV_series)=The Lowdown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_a_Family=Find a Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OzGirl=OzGirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Couple=The Little Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perro_amor=Perro amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadagiri=Dadagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo_aus_Berlin=Hallo aus Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_Sisters=Safari Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Zone=Crash Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerball:_The_Game_Show=Powerball: The Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24/7_(TV_series)=24/7 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Luck_Charlie=Good Luck Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_Inside_Me=Monsters Inside Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ctrl_(web_series)=Ctrl (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Survived=I Survived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Antonio=My Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_(Singapore_TV_series)=Together (Singapore TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsNation_(TV_series)=SportsNation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Second_Chances=The Biggest Loser: Second Chances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Burp_(Australian_TV_series)=TV Burp (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coke_Studio_(Pakistan)=Coke Studio (Pakistan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Red=Call Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milagros_de_Amor=Milagros de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riff_Raff_Element=The Riff Raff Element
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Body_(TV_series)=The Human Body (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantovani_(TV_series)=Mantovani (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_with_Lahiru_and_Muditha=Coffee with Lahiru and Muditha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Begins_at_Forty_(2003_TV_series)=Life Begins at Forty (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Realm_of_Fancy=In the Realm of Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Sub_Umeed_Se_Hain=Hum Sub Umeed Se Hain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hive_(film)=The Hive (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Everett_Koop,_M.D.=C. Everett Koop, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_to_Screen=Page to Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_on_Earth=Lost on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kambal_sa_Uma_(TV_series)=Kambal sa Uma (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romans_(documentary)=Romans (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_Tonight_(Ireland)=Today Tonight (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Kelly_(TV_series)=Kelly Kelly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Heritage=Man's Heritage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_TV_(Ireland)=Play TV (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assignment:_Underwater=Assignment: Underwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_T.O._Show=The T.O. Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_familia_de_diez=Una familia de diez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Friend:_Kay_Tagal_Kitang_Hinintay=Dear Friend: Kay Tagal Kitang Hinintay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Friend:_Bakasyonistas=Dear Friend: Bakasyonistas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Peter_Special_Assignment=Blue Peter Special Assignment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Theatre=Frontier Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_7.0=MTV Roadies 7.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karen's_Song=Karen's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_On_You=Shine On You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are%3F_(U.S._TV_series)=Who Do You Think You Are? (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_(reality_show)=The Star (reality show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_the_Light=Find the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_in_the_Sky=Gods in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarius_(TV_series)=Aquarius (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bored_to_Death=Bored to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Dove_(TV_miniseries)=Lonesome Dove (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_the_Next_Big_Star%3F=Are You the Next Big Star?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Possible=Kim Possible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arankada=Arankada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist_of_Fury_(TV_series)=Fist of Fury (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaid=Bhaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrow's_Law=Garrow's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendy_Williams_Show=The Wendy Williams Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_Pack_(reality_television_show)=The Rat Pack (reality television show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_a_Composer=How to Be a Composer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_luna,_Calle_sol=Calle luna, Calle sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_On_Trial=Superman On Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_On=Getting On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Meets_The_VIPS=Val Meets The VIPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Seen_on_TV_(TV_series)=As Seen on TV (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Crime=The Truth About Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzer_Beat=Buzzer Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jericho_(1966_TV_series)=Jericho (1966 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaq_Vs.=Shaq Vs.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy,_the_Daughter_of_the_Devil=Lucy, the Daughter of the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ninja_Warrior=American Ninja Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Showbusiness=That's Showbusiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dr._Oz_Show=The Dr. Oz Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Next_Producer=America's Next Producer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Seondeok_(TV_series)=Queen Seondeok (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer_(TV_series)=Archer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fresh_Beat_Band=The Fresh Beat Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-Ed_Confidential=Co-Ed Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Pinaka=Ang Pinaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Chair_(1990_TV_serial)=The Silver Chair (1990 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_the_Neighborhood_(TV_series)=There Goes the Neighborhood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Uncut=Asia Uncut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ARIA_Music_Show=The ARIA Music Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raw_Sessions=The Raw Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lopez_Tonight=Lopez Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Hero_Squad_Show=The Super Hero Squad Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion,_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe_(1988_TV_serial)=The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe (1988 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawn_Stars=Pawn Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Football_League_Show=The Football League Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugate_Conmigo=Jugate Conmigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_Day_(game_show)=Back in the Day (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Dollar_Dinners=Ten Dollar Dinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Strangler_(film)=The Night Strangler (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kitchen_Rules=My Kitchen Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajan_Ghar_Jaana_Hai=Sajan Ghar Jaana Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherri=Sherri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool_Academy_(season_2)=Tool Academy (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_Nosotras=Entre Nosotras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbecue_America=Barbecue America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Social=Miami Social
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snug_and_Cozi=Snug and Cozi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_(TV_series)=Dream (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Century_of_Warfare=The Century of Warfare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proof_(TV_series)=Proof (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Friend:_Karibal=Dear Friend: Karibal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capstick's_Law=Capstick's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Amber_Green=Red Amber Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatole_(TV_series)=Anatole (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katorse=Katorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus:_Blood_and_Sand=Spartacus: Blood and Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_(documentary)=The West (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single-Handed_(TV_series)=Single-Handed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardening_by_the_Yard=Gardening by the Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruffa_&_Ai=Ruffa & Ai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Detectives=History Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_(TV_series)=Nature (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_ScienceNow=Nova ScienceNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charity_Lords_of_the_Ring=Charity Lords of the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielie_Walie=Wielie Walie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade's_Salon=Jade's Salon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade:_With_Love=Jade: With Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Impossible_(show)=That's Impossible (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millionaire_Hot_Seat=Millionaire Hot Seat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Xposure=Total Xposure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Philippines=Project Runway Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumont_(TV_series)=Dumont (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_Livre=Canal Livre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Games=Prime Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Funniest_Moments=The World's Funniest Moments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifteen_to_One=Fifteen to One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letter_(variety_show)=Love Letter (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_Beyond=Worlds Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zoo_Revue=New Zoo Revue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_Show_with_Sybil_&_Martin=The Morning Show with Sybil & Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Top_Model_Greece=Next Top Model Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chris_Isaak_Hour=The Chris Isaak Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locked_Up:_A_Mother's_Rage=Locked Up: A Mother's Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC_World's_Digital_Duo=PC World's Digital Duo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_rosa_de_Guadalupe=La rosa de Guadalupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para_todos_(TV_series)=Para todos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Chess_News=World Chess News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimefighters=Grimefighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heat_with_Mark_McEwan=The Heat with Mark McEwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGP_Junior_(Denmark)=MGP Junior (Denmark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_W_Expert_Challenge=The Ultimate W Expert Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zane's_Sex_Chronicles=Zane's Sex Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Bottle_Top_Bill_and_His_Best_Friend_Corky=The Adventures of Bottle Top Bill and His Best Friend Corky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seducing_Cindy=Seducing Cindy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World/Road_Rules_Challenge:_The_Ruins=Real World/Road Rules Challenge: The Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Peak=Mercy Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_(TV_series)=The Lake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Download_The_True_Story_of_the_Internet=Download The True Story of the Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Mere_Beach_Mein=Tere Mere Beach Mein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehna_Hai_Teri_Palkon_Ki_Chhaon_Mein=Rehna Hai Teri Palkon Ki Chhaon Mein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wall_Game=The Wall Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fix_(2008_TV_series)=The Fix (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pros_and_Cons_(TV_series)=Pros and Cons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Cork=Sergeant Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_for_Jam_(TV_series)=Money for Jam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cube_(game_show)=The Cube (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Firefighters=L.A. Firefighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero:_108=Hero: 108
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OOglies=OOglies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Alibi=My Alibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kids_in_the_Hall:_Death_Comes_to_Town=The Kids in the Hall: Death Comes to Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Situation_Saturday=Real Situation Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Metal_On_Fuse=Talking Metal On Fuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Adolf_Hitler=The Death of Adolf Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupin_(Philippine_TV_series)=Lupin (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_Detective=Official Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock_n'_Load_with_R._Lee_Ermey=Lock n' Load with R. Lee Ermey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Makes_Five=Baby Makes Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror!_Robespierre_and_the_French_Revolution=Terror! Robespierre and the French Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ABC_Monday_Night_Movie=The ABC Monday Night Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_School=The Love School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songify_the_News=Songify the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Eileen_(TV_series)=My Sister Eileen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_and_Cooking=Alive and Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neurotically_Yours=Neurotically Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_calamidades=Bella calamidades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Months_2_Million=2 Months 2 Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Serve_Them_All_My_Days_(TV_series)=To Serve Them All My Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limite=No Limite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dine_with_Me_Australia=Come Dine with Me Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_Cruzadas_(webnovela)=Vidas Cruzadas (webnovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(UK_TV_series)=The Biggest Loser (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_7_(season_1)=Calle 7 (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_7_(season_2)=Calle 7 (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointless_(game_show)=Pointless (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Tales_(TV_series)=Snake Tales (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malgudi_Days_(TV_series)=Malgudi Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Girl_Like_You_(TV_series)=Take a Girl Like You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditie_Robinson_2009=Expeditie Robinson 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lip_Service_(TV_series)=Lip Service (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_and_Gromit's_World_of_Invention=Wallace and Gromit's World of Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry's_Girls=Harry's Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House_(2009_TV_series)=Full House (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_Sana=Ikaw Sana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Would_Brian_Boitano_Make%3F=What Would Brian Boitano Make?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Train=Dinosaur Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lorax_(TV_special)=The Lorax (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Earth_Was_Made=How the Earth Was Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Look_(TV_news_program)=First Look (TV news program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Asia_Tonight=East Asia Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormworld=Stormworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie's_War_(1974_TV_serial)=Carrie's War (1974 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Clubs_(TV_series)=King of Clubs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Year_Live=New Year Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Atom_(1959_TV_series)=Mighty Atom (1959 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Juste_Prix=Le Juste Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Romeo=The Reluctant Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Up_to_the_Plate=Step Up to the Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Ops_Mission=Special Ops Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_Toy_Stories=James May's Toy Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benefit_Busters=Benefit Busters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice:_The_Series=Venice: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q&A_(U.S._talk_show)=Q&A (U.S. talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(2009_TV_series)=Crash (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Jones'_Great_Map_Mystery=Terry Jones' Great Map Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-News=I-News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STV_Rugby=STV Rugby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIP_Dance=VIP Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Behar:_Say_Anything!=Joy Behar: Say Anything!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptown_Jubilee=Uptown Jubilee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_(TV_series)=Survival (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbol_(TV_series)=Symbol (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagination_Movers_(TV_series)=Imagination Movers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Junction=Jungle Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrente_(telenovela)=Torrente (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_101st_Proposal=The 101st Proposal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star's_Echo=Star's Echo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spearman_Experiment=The Spearman Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_(Australian_game_show)=Pyramid (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarrant_Lets_the_Kids_Loose=Tarrant Lets the Kids Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Land_of_the_Volcano=Lost Land of the Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_the_Menace_and_Gnasher_(2009_TV_series)=Dennis the Menace and Gnasher (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Crash_(2009_TV_series)_episodes=List of Crash (2009 TV series) episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaj_Robibar=Aaj Robibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Classics=NASCAR Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MysteryQuest=MysteryQuest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Prosecutor_(TV_series)=Public Prosecutor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stew_of_Life=The Stew of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protector_(TV_series)=The Protector (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Girls_(TV_series)=Land Girls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guy_Mitchell_Show=The Guy Mitchell Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Hook_(TV_series)=Off the Hook (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frontline_(Irish_TV_series)=The Frontline (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotch_on_the_Rocks=Scotch on the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys_(TV_series)=Cowboys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_and_Saddles_(TV_series)=Boots and Saddles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Live_(Sky_News)=Saturday Live (Sky News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_(TV_series)=Shades (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozo:_The_World's_Most_Famous_Clown=Bozo: The World's Most Famous Clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nini's_Treehouse=Nini's Treehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Lunchtime=Weekend Lunchtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love_(TV_series)=Tough Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love_(season_2)=Tough Love (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_the_Leyland_Brothers=Ask the Leyland Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamepad_(TV_series)=Gamepad (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Gods=Clash of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunch_Monkeys=Lunch Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_on_the_Rocks=Hollywood on the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Hired_(TV_series)=You're Hired (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Lehman_Brothers=The Last Days of Lehman Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svenska_Hollywoodfruar=Svenska Hollywoodfruar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleexpress=Teleexpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_South_Africa=The Biggest Loser South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supertalent=Supertalent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provjereno=Provjereno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_to_Beauty=Addicted to Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noonbory_and_the_Super_Seven=Noonbory and the Super Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Paul=Poor Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Show=The X Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia:_Couples_2=The Biggest Loser Australia: Couples 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiagong_Akyat_(TV_series)=Tiagong Akyat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostradamus_Effect=Nostradamus Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairy_Bikers'_Food_Tour_of_Britain=The Hairy Bikers' Food Tour of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_(TV_series)=The Cult (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Life=Inside Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_Raiders=Junk Raiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Howard's_Good_News=Russell Howard's Good News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Showa_20_nen_8_Gatsu_Muika=Hiroshima Showa 20 nen 8 Gatsu Muika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spliced_(TV_series)=Spliced (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefoot_Gen_(TV_drama)=Barefoot Gen (TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy_Bucks=Hardy Bucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme_a_Break_(BBC_TV_series)=Gimme a Break (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Najbolje_godine=Najbolje godine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrapheap_Challenge=Scrapheap Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Reina_del_Sur_(telenovela)=La Reina del Sur (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikmani_poisid_(TV-series)=Wikmani poisid (TV-series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_and_Lola_(TV_series)=Charlie and Lola (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Afield=Kentucky Afield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaya_Kong_Abutin_Ang_Langit=Kaya Kong Abutin Ang Langit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinik_Sa_Dibdib=Tinik Sa Dibdib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Square_(game_show)=4 Square (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Patrol_(Australian_TV_series)=Highway Patrol (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niini_no_Koto_o_Wasurenaide=Niini no Koto o Wasurenaide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riese:_Kingdom_Falling=Riese: Kingdom Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Planet=Human Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_the_Fairytale_Detective=Sandra the Fairytale Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_101=Cats 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Chords_from_the_Truth=Three Chords from the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_Srbija=Survivor Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Yogi_(TV_series)=Mr. Yogi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_Trend=The Music Trend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honestly,_Celeste!=Honestly, Celeste!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sans_aucun_doute=Sans aucun doute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chop_Cut_Rebuild=Chop Cut Rebuild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Maker=Mister Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staraoke=Staraoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scan2Go=Scan2Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Hand_In_Mine=Your Hand In Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deputy_Seraph=Deputy Seraph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Combat=The Final Combat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Sextuplets=Raising Sextuplets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Ranch=Holiday Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Girls_(TV_series)=Fly Girls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Old_Country=Grand Old Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_to_the_Edge:_Sydney_to_Tokyo_by_Any_Means=Right to the Edge: Sydney to Tokyo by Any Means
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenda_(BBC_Scotland_programme)=Agenda (BBC Scotland programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace,_Love_&_Understanding_(Beavis_and_Butt-head)=Peace, Love & Understanding (Beavis and Butt-head)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q+A=Q+A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja_imam_talenat!=Ja imam talenat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Justice_(TV_series)=Rough Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_(U.S._1985_TV_series)=Sara (U.S. 1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_City_(TV_series)=Rhythm City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valientes=Valientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_Australia=The Apprentice Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Time=Home Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dave_Ramsey_Show_(TV_program)=The Dave Ramsey Show (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Lab=Ghost Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_Indie=How to Be Indie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asi_(TV_series)=Asi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_Penn_State=Let's Talk Penn State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worzel_Gummidge_Down_Under=Worzel Gummidge Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worzel_Gummidge_Turns_Detective=Worzel Gummidge Turns Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UP2U_(BBC_TV_series)=UP2U (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_3)=Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Watson's_Hotel_Rescue=Ruth Watson's Hotel Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Worst_Driver=Canada's Worst Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Worst_Handyman=Canada's Worst Handyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Premier_League=Dance Premier League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_7)=MTV Roadies (season 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboy_Trap=Cowboy Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Fondo_Hay_Sitio=Al Fondo Hay Sitio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPartment=IPartment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagsimula_sa_Puso=Nagsimula sa Puso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportsline_(Sky_News)=Sportsline (Sky News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearlie=Pearlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniela_(telenovela)=Daniela (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Inspection=Holmes Inspection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regular_Show=Regular Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Stans=Meet the Stans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Britain=Living Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardwalk_Empire=Boardwalk Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopeless_Pictures=Hopeless Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Bank_(TV_series)=Music Bank (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrington_of_the_F.O.=Farrington of the F.O.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Factor_(TV_series)=The Human Factor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarrassing_Bodies=Embarrassing Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_with_TV's_Jonathan_Torrens=TV with TV's Jonathan Torrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talento_Argentino=Talento Argentino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperStar_(Czech_and_Slovak_TV_series)=SuperStar (Czech and Slovak TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mo'Nique_Show=The Mo'Nique Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_to_Dance=Got to Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Music_Awards_of_2009=American Music Awards of 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica:_Still_Standing=Monica: Still Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niente_di_Personale=Niente di Personale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Thunder=American Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_for_the_Kill=Built for the Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_Rich%3F=Who Wants to Be Rich?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulice=Ulice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Ball_(ITV_television_show)=On the Ball (ITV television show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Court=Street Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Ray_J_(season_2)=For the Love of Ray J (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_capo=El capo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantically_Challenged=Romantically Challenged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_WotWots=The WotWots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Man_(TV_series)=Soul Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Techie=I-Techie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Chance_to_See_(TV_series)=Last Chance to See (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkTalk=ThinkTalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Susan_Powter_Show=The Susan Powter Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Girls=Infinite Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_Believing_(TV_series)=Don't Stop Believing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Las_Vegas_Show=The Las Vegas Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapataganj=Lapataganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakin_Sarisuri=Sakin Sarisuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forsyte_Saga_(1967_series)=The Forsyte Saga (1967 series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_City:_What_Should_I_Do%3F=Drama City: What Should I Do?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_City=Drama City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Mathematics!=Project Mathematics!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Lamas=Leave It to Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty's_Rival_in_Palace=Beauty's Rival in Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Hunters_Academy=Ghost Hunters Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowdown_(TV_series)=Lowdown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_robadas=Vidas robadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balitang_Balita=Balitang Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_5=Live on 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_First=Network First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webnation=Webnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_in_My_Heart_(TV_series)=Somewhere in My Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Hunt_(NZ_TV_series)=Ghost Hunt (NZ TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Dawn=The Black Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nardebam-e_Aseman=Nardebam-e Aseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancient_Dogoo_Girl=The Ancient Dogoo Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jikuu_Keisatsu_Wecker_D-02=Jikuu Keisatsu Wecker D-02
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jikuu_Keisatsu_Wecker_Signa=Jikuu Keisatsu Wecker Signa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Comedy=School of Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramzor=Ramzor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikat_Ka!_Iloilo=Sikat Ka! Iloilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_Lee_Pyung_Kang=Invincible Lee Pyung Kang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourmet_(TV_series)=Gourmet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Car's_the_Star=The Car's the Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Rehab_with_Dr._Drew=Sex Rehab with Dr. Drew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOTP@Play=TOTP@Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_at_Dawn=Breakfast at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_House_(UK_game_show)=Fun House (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(2009_TV_series)=Around the World in 80 Days (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporate_Corridor=Corporate Corridor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karishma_Kaa_Karishma=Karishma Kaa Karishma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_You_See...%3F=Did You See...?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Ranger_(TV_series)=The Lone Ranger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Mr._Bobbin=Young Mr. Bobbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundation_(TV_series)=The Foundation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Legacy=Brilliant Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Selection_Box=The Selection Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxbridge_Blues=Oxbridge Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_TV_Albanian=Peace TV Albanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Screen_Adventures=Green Screen Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Wave=Delta Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Macnee's_Ghost_Stories=Patrick Macnee's Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_Season_One=Bellator Fighting Championships: Season One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl's_Lot=Beryl's Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Hoover=Charlie Hoover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_My_Sweetheart=Hi My Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Showtime_(variety_show)=It's Showtime (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peak_Season=Peak Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knhom_Chea_Neak_Na_(Who_Am_I%3F)=Knhom Chea Neak Na (Who Am I?)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheat_Satrey=Cheat Satrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kone_Prosa_Srey=Kone Prosa Srey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bopha_Pailin=Bopha Pailin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruos_Cheat_Jivit=Ruos Cheat Jivit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_&_Politics=Power & Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.N.T.A._Album_of_1955=A.N.T.A. Album of 1955
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ron_James_Show=The Ron James Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Croker=The Road to Croker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_(season_5)=StarStruck (season 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirited=Spirited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katok_Mga_Misis!=Katok Mga Misis!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_&_Evan=Joe & Evan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/999_(BBC_TV_series)=999 (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connect_with_Mark_Kelley=Connect with Mark Kelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minuto=Minuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ms._D=Ms. D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Mears'_Northern_Wilderness=Ray Mears' Northern Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_indomable=Alma indomable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BandaOke=BandaOke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitoy's_SHOwwwTIME=Bitoy's SHOwwwTIME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Hope=The Green Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_Hooks=Fish Hooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idool=Idool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clifton_House_Mystery=The Clifton House Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Best_Brain=Britain's Best Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfits_(TV_series)=Misfits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getroud_met_rugby=Getroud met rugby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Griffin:_Going_For_Broke=Eddie Griffin: Going For Broke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(Australian_TV_series)=The Stranger (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dappledown_Farm=Dappledown Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Record_with_Michael_Landsberg=Off the Record with Michael Landsberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Fantastic_(TV_series)=Light Fantastic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Blue_(1995_TV_series)=Out of the Blue (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_(TV_series)=The Haunted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PangPond=PangPond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impressions_Show_with_Culshaw_and_Stephenson=The Impressions Show with Culshaw and Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_News=The Late News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(TV_series)=Miranda (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Work_for_Diddy=I Want to Work for Diddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Work_for_Diddy_2=I Want to Work for Diddy 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Rocket=On the Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Time_Rush=Big Time Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Shaggy_Dog=The Return of the Shaggy Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Xtra=Film Xtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Castle=Glass Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderland=Murderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountain_State=Blue Mountain State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverne_&_Shirley_in_the_Army=Laverne & Shirley in the Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapos_Bay:_The_Series=Wapos Bay: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Quantum_Ray=Cosmic Quantum Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_(TV_series)=Campus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallika-E-Kitchen=Mallika-E-Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradise_Club=The Paradise Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Marriage_(1996_TV_series)=Love and Marriage (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Worst_Animal_Nightmares=Your Worst Animal Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn's_Concerto=Autumn's Concerto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Hollywood=Bank of Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Prince=The Last Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepeng_Agimat_(TV_series)=Pepeng Agimat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Marr's_The_Making_of_Modern_Britain=Andrew Marr's The Making of Modern Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wansapanataym=Wansapanataym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strip_(NZ_TV_series)=The Strip (NZ TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Boys=Angry Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Darklands_(Australian_TV_series)=Beyond the Darklands (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipeout_(UK_game_show)=Wipeout (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_Theory_with_Jesse_Ventura=Conspiracy Theory with Jesse Ventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NZWF=NZWF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeys_to_the_Ends_of_the_Earth=Journeys to the Ends of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spook_Squad=Spook Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SA's_Got_Talent=SA's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirtgirlworld=Dirtgirlworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_Folktales_(TV_series)=Hungarian Folktales (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Investigation_Australia=Crime Investigation Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Haus_Anubis=Das Haus Anubis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhoneShop=PhoneShop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Cobblers=Absolute Cobblers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Word_in_Your_Ear=A Word in Your Ear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_the_Head_of_Light_Entertainment=Bring Me the Head of Light Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaoke_Challenge=Karaoke Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Match_(British_game_show)=Perfect Match (British game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_Challenge=Mystic Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_with_It_(game_show)=Roll with It (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Guess=Second Guess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Letter=Take a Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Pinkie=Pixel Pinkie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Dance_(Indian_TV_series)=Just Dance (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_New_Zealand=MasterChef New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persons_Unknown_(TV_series)=Persons Unknown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Dogs=Tokyo Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin's_Brave_New_World=Darwin's Brave New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here_(TV_series)=Wish You Were Here (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecadora_(telenovela)=Pecadora (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_So_Cosmo=Oh So Cosmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catastrophe_(TV_series)=Catastrophe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana_Ngayong_Pasko=Sana Ngayong Pasko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourmet's_Adventures_with_Ruth=Gourmet's Adventures with Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraud_Squad_TV=Fraud Squad TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Tonight=CNN Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live-In=Live-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Friends_and_Perfect_Couples=Loving Friends and Perfect Couples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Americans_(TV_series)=Ugly Americans (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Tayo'y_Magkakalayo=Kung Tayo'y Magkakalayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Boris_Met_Dave=When Boris Met Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Were_We_Funniest%3F=When Were We Funniest?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrities_Exposed=Celebrities Exposed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Condor_Heroes_Return=The Condor Heroes Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staines_Down_Drains=Staines Down Drains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartjackers=Chartjackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Can_Dream_(web_series)=If I Can Dream (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(TV_series)=Gravity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fix_(TV_series)=The Fix (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelina_Ballerina:_The_Next_Steps=Angelina Ballerina: The Next Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_Returns=Wife Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contender_Australia=The Contender Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Namah_Shivay_(TV_series)=Om Namah Shivay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouth_to_Mouth_(TV_series)=Mouth to Mouth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_Academy=Chef Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_Falvey,_TD=Val Falvey, TD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Panda:_Legends_of_Awesomeness=Kung Fu Panda: Legends of Awesomeness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unavoidable_Girl=Unavoidable Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manageress=The Manageress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_and_T-shirts=Blood, Sweat and T-shirts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Native_Americans=The Native Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botineras=Botineras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Liddell_vs._Team_Ortiz=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Liddell vs. Team Ortiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Today=CNN Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caras_&_Bocas=Caras & Bocas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Tour=Digital Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria's_Next_Topmodel_(cycle_2)=Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fazenda=A Fazenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_Heap=Top of the Heap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disco_Ball=The Disco Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_D.C.=The Real Housewives of D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_Offs=Cast Offs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Wood's_Mid_Life_Christmas=Victoria Wood's Mid Life Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tensou_Sentai_Goseiger=Tensou Sentai Goseiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Need_Answers=We Need Answers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cheating_Heart=My Cheating Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Beautiful_(TV_series)=You're Beautiful (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benched=Benched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse:_The_Second_World_War=Apocalypse: The Second World War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiggly_Waffle=Wiggly Waffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Winner_Arab:_Couples=The Biggest Winner Arab: Couples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Winner_Arab_(season_3)=The Biggest Winner Arab (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Winner_Arab_(season_2)=The Biggest Winner Arab (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Challenge_(poker)=Million Dollar Challenge (poker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Winner_Arab_(season_1)=The Biggest Winner Arab (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Shore_(TV_series)=Jersey Shore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Pains_(BBC)=Growing Pains (BBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_and_Efficiency_(TV_series)=Health and Efficiency (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azhdar_Show=Azhdar Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Seagal:_Lawman=Steven Seagal: Lawman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_(TV_serial)=The Queen (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_(TV_series)=Iris (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_de_amor=Mar de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americana_(1992_TV_series)=Americana (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Leave,_No_Life=No Leave, No Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_to_Life=18 to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dooley_Gardens=Dooley Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Recipes_Ever=Best Recipes Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Pilots_NWT=Ice Pilots NWT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glittering_Prizes=The Glittering Prizes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_of_Love=Daisy of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justified_(TV_series)=Justified (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaz_Pichhle_Janam_Ka_(TV_Series)=Raaz Pichhle Janam Ka (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodel_Me=Supermodel Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Sexy_Ladies=International Sexy Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly's_World=Holly's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Little_Genius=Our Little Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tout_le_monde_en_parle_(Quebec)=Tout le monde en parle (Quebec)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_the_Entertainer_in_a_Basement_Affair=Frank the Entertainer in a Basement Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Green's_Wild_Swimming_Adventure=Robson Green's Wild Swimming Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_medico_in_famiglia=Un medico in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_(NBC)=Late Night (NBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Couples_3=The Biggest Loser: Couples 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Shelley's_Frankenhole=Mary Shelley's Frankenhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marngrook_Footy_Show=The Marngrook Footy Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Island_(TV_film)=Small Island (TV film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nur_Kasih=Nur Kasih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Mom=Teen Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_Station=Education Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Lives=Sex Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Michael_Vick_Project=The Michael Vick Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth:_The_Power_of_the_Planet=Earth: The Power of the Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_Kitchen=Conviction Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exchange_with_Amanda_Lang=The Exchange with Amanda Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_Show=The Adventure Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl_Cole's_Night_In=Cheryl Cole's Night In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_$64,000_Question_(UK_game_show)=The $64,000 Question (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robotomy=Robotomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pit_Bulls_&_Parolees=Pit Bulls & Parolees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Ropes=Off the Ropes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG4_(news_program)=TG4 (news program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_City_Motors=Motor City Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sing-Off=The Sing-Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Dinosaurs=Clash of the Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanging_Yaman_(TV_series)=Tanging Yaman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Phantom_(TV_series)=Midnight Phantom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impostor_(TV_series)=Impostor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musi-Video=Musi-Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darating_ang_Umaga=Darating ang Umaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labs_Ko_Si_Babe=Labs Ko Si Babe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Puso_Ko_Iingatan_Ka=Sa Puso Ko Iingatan Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_Cinnamon_and_the_Fantabulous_Unicorn_of_Sugar_Town_Candy_Fudge=Cheyenne Cinnamon and the Fantabulous Unicorn of Sugar Town Candy Fudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.J._Starbuck=J.J. Starbuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Down_TV=Count Down TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Searchers_(TV_series)=The Searchers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(Japanese_TV_series)=Survivor (Japanese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary:_Tank_Commander=Gary: Tank Commander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Earth=Man on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Official_NZ_Top_40_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=The Official NZ Top 40 (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Games_(game_show)=Head Games (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Show=Faith Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outer_Space_Astronauts=Outer Space Astronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_(TV_serial)=Oscar (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Faktor=X-Faktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Top_(TV_series)=Over the Top (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Qing_Dynasty=The Rise and Fall of Qing Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Iljimae=The Return of Iljimae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Warriors_(TV_series)=Spirit Warriors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1628_(TV_series)=1628 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covert_Affairs=Covert Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@Seven=@Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_for_a_Night=Star for a Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Alive_(TV_series)=I'm Alive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_on_Ice_(TV_series)=Stars on Ice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family's_Honor_(TV_series)=Family's Honor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansbandskampen=Dansbandskampen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sto_k_odnomu=Sto k odnomu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(talk_show)=Matrix (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_(TV_series)=Louie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firehouse_USA:_Boston=Firehouse USA: Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_(Indian_TV_series)=Seven (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Love_(Philippine_TV_series)=Endless Love (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Enfer=Radio Enfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan,_AZ=Manhattan, AZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_Idol=Greek Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Grass_(TV_series)=The Red Grass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear:_Bolivia_Special=Top Gear: Bolivia Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinx_(TV_series)=Jinx (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Wrestling=Hollywood Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Z_(TV_series)=Triple Z (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentration_(UK_game_show)=Concentration (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacksons:_A_Family_Dynasty=The Jacksons: A Family Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_for_Real=Fantasia for Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulilits=Kulilits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festive_Five:_You_Decide=Festive Five: You Decide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Who_Can't_Marry_(2009_TV_series)=He Who Can't Marry (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_Warehouse_Mouse%3F=Where Is Warehouse Mouse?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candidate_(TV)=The Candidate (TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Telly=Republic of Telly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_World_(miniseries)=Small World (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_with_Jess=Guess with Jess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Big_Happy_Family=One Big Happy Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fry:_The_Secret_Life_of_the_Manic_Depressive=Stephen Fry: The Secret Life of the Manic Depressive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Minutes_More_(TV_series)=Five Minutes More (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Show=A Dog's Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hur_(miniseries)=Ben Hur (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_(Bulgarian_TV_series)=X Factor (Bulgarian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashpazbashi=Ashpazbashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Fureur_(Canada)=La Fureur (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(TV_series)=Echoes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehab:_Party_at_the_Hard_Rock_Hotel=Rehab: Party at the Hard Rock Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_and_Hugh_Drink_to_Christmas=Oz and Hugh Drink to Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeedWeek=SpeedWeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Rose_(Philippine_TV_series)=Green Rose (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copycats=Copycats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proesstraat=Proesstraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Out_(UK_game_show)=Take Me Out (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow_(2010_TV_series)=Over the Rainbow (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_of_Us_(1981_TV_series)=The Two of Us (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliana_and_Bill=Giuliana and Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaal=Malaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football's_Next_Star=Football's Next Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Beaker_Returns=Tracy Beaker Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willa's_Wild_Life=Willa's Wild Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Three_Acts=Murder in Three Acts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_i_zetovi=Tata i zetovi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clueless_(game_show)=Clueless (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Pyar_Na_Hoga_Kam=Yeh Pyar Na Hoga Kam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_and_Holly's_Little_Kingdom=Ben and Holly's Little Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_British_Railway_Journeys=Great British Railway Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covies=Covies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_(TV_serial)=Runaway (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_Plan=Astro Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epilogue_(TV_series)=Epilogue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Hanna's_Into_the_Wild=Jack Hanna's Into the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheel_of_Fortune_(U.S._game_show)=Wheel of Fortune (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoundrels_(TV_series)=Scoundrels (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Laughs_Gags_Asia=Just for Laughs Gags Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Go_The_Sixties=Pop Go The Sixties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incident_in_a_Small_Town=Incident in a Small Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Hornet_(TV_series)=The Green Hornet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_Rundown=The Daily Rundown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaknik:_The_Musical=Freaknik: The Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Timeless_Land=The Timeless Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Games:_Bad_Girls_Need_Love_Too=Love Games: Bad Girls Need Love Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(Taiwanese_TV_series)=Tomorrow (Taiwanese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Merton_in_Europe=Paul Merton in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pierre_Berton_Show=The Pierre Berton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabat_LaHadashot=Mabat LaHadashot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_&_Kristina's_Beauty_Call=Anna & Kristina's Beauty Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Kick_Off=Late Kick Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst_Cooks_in_America=Worst Cooks in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhota_Bheem=Chhota Bheem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ina,_Kasusuklaman_Ba_Kita%3F=Ina, Kasusuklaman Ba Kita?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panday_Kids=Panday Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisai_to_Tairi_mou=Eisai to Tairi mou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezel_(TV_series)=Ezel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currents_(TV_series)=Currents (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magkano_Ang_Iyong_Dangal%3F=Magkano Ang Iyong Dangal?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Study=Master of Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ratties=The Ratties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_Oliver's_Food_Revolution=Jamie Oliver's Food Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Andre:_My_Life=Peter Andre: My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma_(BBC_documentary)=Montezuma (BBC documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Officer_and_a_Car_Salesman=An Officer and a Car Salesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Move_Here=Don't Move Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_on_Tap=Sports on Tap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_in_Red=Courage in Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Do_Kids_Know%3F=What Do Kids Know?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_Today=Truth Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persuasionists=The Persuasionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_(TV_series)=Berlin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstar_to_Operastar=Popstar to Operastar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumapang_Ka_Sa_Lusak_(TV_series)=Gumapang Ka Sa Lusak (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_on_4=News on 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon's_Great_Escape=Gordon's Great Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(1960s_TV_series)=Discovery (1960s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jaquie_Brown_Diaries=The Jaquie Brown Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cra$h_&_Burn=Cra$h & Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef:_Just_Desserts=Top Chef: Just Desserts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episodes_(TV_series)=Episodes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_Girl_(TV_series)=Material Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Day_for_the_Wind_to_Blow=A Good Day for the Wind to Blow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Movie_Show_with_Chris_Gore=The New Movie Show with Chris Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_full_(TV_series)=House full (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Zakura_(TV_series)=Dragon Zakura (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_Behaviour_(TV_series)=Model Behaviour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_for_Haiti_Now:_A_Global_Benefit_for_Earthquake_Relief=Hope for Haiti Now: A Global Benefit for Earthquake Relief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_(game_show)=Hugo (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercovers_(TV_series)=Undercovers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_Liz=My Life as Liz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Escolinha_do_Golias=A Escolinha do Golias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick's_List=Rick's List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_News=Omni News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Little_Liars_(TV_series)=Pretty Little Liars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Ki_Shaan:_Singing_Star=Bharat Ki Shaan: Singing Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Hanson_Ka_Jodaa=Do Hanson Ka Jodaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_TV=Spy TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosie_(TV_series)=Rosie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buried_Life=The Buried Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Atyachar=Emotional Atyachar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellamy's_People=Bellamy's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geronimo_Stilton_(TV_series)=Geronimo Stilton (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Dy_a_Ni=2 Dy a Ni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Invited_to_Mary-Kate_&_Ashley's_(film_series)=You're Invited to Mary-Kate & Ashley's (film series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indestructibles_(TV_series)=The Indestructibles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Oliver's_New_York_Stand-Up_Show=John Oliver's New York Stand-Up Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Bendita=Agua Bendita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwardian_Farm=Edwardian Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhen_Guan_Chang_Ge=Zhen Guan Chang Ge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceit_(TV_serial)=Deceit (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBQ_Pitmasters=BBQ Pitmasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallow_the_Sun_(TV_series)=Swallow the Sun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahi_Way=Mahi Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Urfi=Uncle Urfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Time_(TV_series)=First Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_5_(CP24_TV_series)=Live at 5 (CP24 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_5:30_(CP24_TV_series)=Live at 5:30 (CP24 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billie_and_the_Real_Belle_Bare_All=Billie and the Real Belle Bare All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubplate_Drama=Dubplate Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collar_De_Esmeraldas=Collar De Esmeraldas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_(UK_TV_series)=Powers (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Points_of_History=Turning Points of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moneymakers=The Moneymakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juro_Que_Te_Amo=Juro Que Te Amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Air=Open Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Rift:_Africa's_Wild_Heart=The Great Rift: Africa's Wild Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_Season_Two=Bellator Fighting Championships: Season Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool_Academy_(season_3)=Tool Academy (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Heart_Is_(Malaysian_TV_series)=Where the Heart Is (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exclusive_(Malaysian_TV_series)=Exclusive (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Line_(Malaysian_TV_series)=The Thin Line (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion.Hearts=Lion.Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Lady_(Malaysian_TV_series)=The Iron Lady (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romantic_Delicacies=Romantic Delicacies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kampong_Days=My Kampong Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Destiny_(Malaysian_TV_series)=My Destiny (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_Forever_(TV_series)=Friends Forever (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fern_Britton_Meets...=Fern Britton Meets...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_That_Girl!=Love That Girl!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupling_(Greek_TV_series)=Coupling (Greek TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Sports_Fans=Good Morning Sports Fans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jubilee_of_Music=A Jubilee of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Miss_Perfect=Little Miss Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Da_Manny=Show Me Da Manny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Years_Of_Music=Fifty Years Of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_&_Joey=Melissa & Joey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Nightside=NBC Nightside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huge_(TV_series)=Huge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasar_(Malaysian_TV_series)=Pasar (Malaysian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_(TV_series)=Cities (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Is_Only_in_the_Movies=Love Is Only in the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solved_(TV_series)=Solved (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Substitute_Bride=The Substitute Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saturday_Night_Show=The Saturday Night Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Chocolatiers=Little Chocolatiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_(2009_TV_series)=Warriors (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pickers=American Pickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Target_(1992_TV_series)=Human Target (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_&_Small=Big & Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_7_(season_3)=Calle 7 (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Barbell_(2011_TV_series)=Captain Barbell (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limmy's_Show=Limmy's Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtual_Revolution=The Virtual Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancients_Behaving_Badly=Ancients Behaving Badly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Human_(North_American_TV_series)=Being Human (North American TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_to_Win_It=Minute to Win It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dare_You_(Canadian_children's_show)=I Dare You (Canadian children's show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solsidan_(TV_series)=Solsidan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Renos=Real Renos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velo_de_novia=Velo de novia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Jim_(TV_series)=Jungle Jim (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Margin_(1998_TV_series)=The Water Margin (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_It_in_America=How to Make It in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy_&_Ray_J:_A_Family_Business=Brandy & Ray J: A Family Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diz_Iz_It!=Diz Iz It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Wild=Pretty Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maisie_Raine=Maisie Raine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Recall=Instant Recall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnosis:_Unknown=Diagnosis: Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paladins_in_Troubled_Times=Paladins in Troubled Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bing_Sheng=Bing Sheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Review_Show=The Review Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Bounciest_Weather=Britain's Bounciest Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Signs=Lost Signs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinemala=Cinemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_Stained_with_Royal_Blood_(2007_TV_series)=Sword Stained with Royal Blood (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_and_the_Sword_(2008_TV_series)=The Book and the Sword (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Cake_Off=Ultimate Cake Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proud_Twins_(TV_series)=The Proud Twins (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi-Gods_and_Semi-Devils_(1997_TV_series)=Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphablocks=Alphablocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi-Gods_and_Semi-Devils_(2003_TV_series)=Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(2003_TV_series)=The Legend of the Condor Heroes (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_el_Amor_y_el_Odio=Entre el Amor y el Odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bubble_(game_show)=The Bubble (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Sword_and_Dragon_Saber_(2009_TV_series)=The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Sword_and_Dragon_Saber_(2003_TV_series)=The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (2003 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Matters=Sex Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_(TV_series)=Sarah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Food_in_Minutes=Chinese Food in Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kell_on_Earth=Kell on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avengers:_Earth's_Mightiest_Heroes=The Avengers: Earth's Mightiest Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Sword_and_Dragon_Saber_(1994_TV_series)=The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Sword_and_Dragon_Saber_(2000_TV_series)=The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBC_Headliners=IBC Headliners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Volant_of_the_Snowy_Mountain_(2006_TV_series)=Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(2008_TV_series)=The Legend of the Condor Heroes (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeet_Jayenge_Hum=Jeet Jayenge Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_NXT_(TV_series)=WWE NXT (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Blessings_(Canadian_TV_series)=Mixed Blessings (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(animated_TV_series)=The Three Musketeers (animated TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_DeMercado=Don Juan DeMercado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legendary_Swordsman=The Legendary Swordsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emeril_Lagasse_Show=The Emeril Lagasse Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Theater=Urban Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titch_(TV_series)=Titch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_(2004_TV_series)=Conviction (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_and_the_Hero=The Legend and the Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_and_the_Hero_2=The Legend and the Hero 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiling,_Proud_Wanderer_(1984_TV_series)=The Smiling, Proud Wanderer (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Divinity_(1996_TV_series)=State of Divinity (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Divinity_(2000_TV_series)=State of Divinity (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Model_WG_(Germany)=Die Model WG (Germany)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Morgan_On...=Piers Morgan On...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Ships=Mighty Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instinto_Asesino=Instinto Asesino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_the_DJ=CJ the DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_Treis_Harites=Oi Treis Harites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_for_Two_(TV_series)=Room for Two (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassinator_Jing_Ke=Assassinator Jing Ke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_and_Cloud=Wind and Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pit_Boss_(TV_series)=Pit Boss (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Dennis's_Home_Video_Heroes=Les Dennis's Home Video Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prozhektorperiskhilton=Prozhektorperiskhilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Robson=Andy Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generator_Rex=Generator Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnie_Wilson:_Unstapled=Carnie Wilson: Unstapled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Mine,_Only_Mine=You're Mine, Only Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Model_WG_(Austria)=Die Model WG (Austria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Years_of_Girl_Guides=100 Years of Girl Guides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease:_the_School_Musical=Grease: the School Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Ages_of_Britain_(BBC_TV_series)=Seven Ages of Britain (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Ages_of_Britain_(Channel_4_TV_series)=Seven Ages of Britain (Channel 4 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnistoun=Burnistoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepito_Manaloto=Pepito Manaloto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Shi_Huang_(2001_TV_series)=Qin Shi Huang (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OL_Supreme=OL Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huo_Yuanjia_(2008_TV_series)=Huo Yuanjia (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Informe_Robinson=Informe Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMT_(TV_series)=GMT (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_(TV_programme)=Impact (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hub_(TV_series)=The Hub (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Edition=Business Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lharn_Poo_Koo_E-Joo=Lharn Poo Koo E-Joo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Take_the_Kids=You Take the Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Today=Sport Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throttle_Junkies_TV=Throttle Junkies TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_Trilogy=CSI: Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2010=Star Awards 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame:_The_Musical_(Irish_TV_series)=Fame: The Musical (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Line_Is_It_Anyway%3F_(U.S._TV_series)=Whose Line Is It Anyway? (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Family_(2010_TV_series)=Happy Family (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melason=Melason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_Process_(TV_series)=Due Process (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diva_(2010_TV_series)=Diva (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Tech=Food Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Play_(Dutch_TV_series)=Power Play (Dutch TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannabis_Planet=Cannabis Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scared!=Scared!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Sabre=Crimson Sabre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Lu_Xiaofeng_(2006_TV_series)=The Legend of Lu Xiaofeng (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Jinsy=This is Jinsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_New_Zealand=The Apprentice New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Outing_2=Family Outing 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuestra_Belleza_Latina_2007=Nuestra Belleza Latina 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courthouse_(TV_series)=Courthouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Moghuls_(film)=The Great Moghuls (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_De_Dana_Dan=100% De Dana Dan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant_&_Dec's_Push_the_Button=Ant & Dec's Push the Button
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Guy_and_Rusty_the_Boy_Robot_(TV_series)=Big Guy and Rusty the Boy Robot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Zaat_Zarra-e-Benishan=Meri Zaat Zarra-e-Benishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Swordsman_Lu_Xiaofeng=Master Swordsman Lu Xiaofeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Swordsman_Lu_Xiaofeng_2=Master Swordsman Lu Xiaofeng 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotter_Than_My_Daughter=Hotter Than My Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_(2010_TV_series)=The Good Guys (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patriotic_Knights=The Patriotic Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaane_Pehchaane_Se..._Ye_Ajnabbi=Jaane Pehchaane Se... Ye Ajnabbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geet_(TV_series)=Geet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live_from_Milano=Saturday Night Live from Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_(TV_series)=Roy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Ant=Anthony Ant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stossel_(TV_series)=Stossel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Players_(2010_TV_series)=Players (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Crews=The Family Crews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solving_History_with_Olly_Steeds=Solving History with Olly Steeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokey_@_Ako=Kokey @ Ako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_News_with_Riki_Kwek=Global News with Riki Kwek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Land_of_Plenty=In a Land of Plenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Pilipinas=Party Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Forest_Clinic=The Black Forest Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Christmas_Special=My Christmas Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Weaver's_Hobby_Lobby=Charley Weaver's Hobby Lobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sveriges_Television's_Christmas_calendar=Sveriges Television's Christmas calendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Clark's_World_of_Talent=Dick Clark's World of Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relic:_Guardians_of_the_Museum=Relic: Guardians of the Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Cook=I Can Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Happiness_and_Love=The Year of Happiness and Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Field_Guide=Oregon Field Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrol_(TV_series)=Patrol (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normalman_(TV_series)=Normalman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llena_de_amor=Llena de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Five-0=Hawaii Five-0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Minds:_Suspect_Behavior=Criminal Minds: Suspect Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T_Takes=T Takes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonyong_Bayawak=Tonyong Bayawak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooperstars=Zooperstars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_Kee_Awaaz_Pratigya=Mann Kee Awaaz Pratigya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Wars=Food Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamkix=Dreamkix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasta_(TV_series)=Pasta (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slinger's_Day=Slinger's Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_magic_Tv=Street magic Tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chile_ayuda_a_Chile=Chile ayuda a Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Science=Forbidden Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Around_the_World=Wright Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Time_Tomorrow=This Time Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ticket_(game_show)=Big Ticket (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We've_Got_Your_Number=We've Got Your Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Alert_(game_show)=Red Alert (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Spot_(UK_game_show)=On the Spot (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_and_Have_a_Go_If_You_Think_You're_Smart_Enough=Come and Have a Go If You Think You're Smart Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guesstimation_(game_show)=Guesstimation (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Patrol_(TV_series)=Crime Patrol (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Fresh_Meat_II=The Challenge: Fresh Meat II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumang_Piso_Para_sa_Puso=Lumang Piso Para sa Puso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STV_Sports_Centre=STV Sports Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_1_Debrief=Formula 1 Debrief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Academia:_Segunda_Oportunidad=La Academia: Segunda Oportunidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Ways_to_Lie=1000 Ways to Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Ordinary_Family=No Ordinary Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Special_Movie=CBS Special Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dick_Clark_Show=The Dick Clark Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasural_Genda_Phool=Sasural Genda Phool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_King,_USA=John King, USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_for_Teens=Totally for Teens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usapang_Business=Usapang Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failon_Ngayon=Failon Ngayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_House_(puppet_show)=The Magic House (puppet show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(2005_miniseries)=Kidnapped (2005 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambing_Live=Lambing Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Kids_News=Teen Kids News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Taste=Personal Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startime_(TV_series)=Startime (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantic_Swordsman_(1995_TV_series)=The Romantic Swordsman (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomen_huippumalli_haussa_(cycle_3)=Suomen huippumalli haussa (cycle 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Heroes=Eight Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godh_Bharaai=Godh Bharaai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banded_Brothers=Banded Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Englishman's_Castle=An Englishman's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutur_Gu=Gutur Gu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_Starring_Steve_Allen=Tonight Starring Steve Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_Starring_Jack_Paar=Tonight Starring Jack Paar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Boomer=Barney Boomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_a_Nation=Twilight of a Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taiping_Heavenly_Kingdom_(TV_series)=The Taiping Heavenly Kingdom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan_(2004_TV_series)=Genghis Khan (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Sexy_Funny=Dirty Sexy Funny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_League_of_Their_Own_(game_show)=A League of Their Own (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan_(TVB)=Genghis Khan (TVB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Mama_(TV_series)=Hot Mama (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Great_Wall=Rise of the Great Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munich:_Mossad's_Revenge=Munich: Mossad's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleepover_Club_(TV_series)=The Sleepover Club (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(TV_series)=Danger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gemma_Factor=The Gemma Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legion_of_Extraordinary_Dancers=The Legion of Extraordinary Dancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Buffet=Love Buffet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_(TV_series)=Claudine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Generation's_Hello_Baby=Girls' Generation's Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Gorgeous=Dead Gorgeous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoarding:_Buried_Alive=Hoarding: Buried Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Saheliyaan=Do Saheliyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_(Hong_Kong)=The Voice (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_Loggers=Swamp Loggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_(Latin_America)=The Amazing Race (Latin America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licence_to_Drill=Licence to Drill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_UK=NFL UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_the_Best_House_Win=May the Best House Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antonio_Treatment=The Antonio Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_or_Die_Presents=Funny or Die Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Minutes=40 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Gift=House Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sym-Bionic_Titan=Sym-Bionic Titan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildest_Dreams_(TV_series)=Wildest Dreams (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pair_of_Kings=Pair of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sci_Fi_Science:_Physics_of_the_Impossible=Sci Fi Science: Physics of the Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bam's_World_Domination=Bam's World Domination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Heart_Vampires=I Heart Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_in_Cleveland=Hot in Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_and_Sword,_Gratitude_and_Revenge=Book and Sword, Gratitude and Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_Sports_Saturday=ESPN Sports Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_(Danish_TV_series)=The Killing (Danish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Rouge_no_Gaisen=General Rouge no Gaisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_Latina=Model Latina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Cops:_Miami=Animal Cops: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hound_TV=Hound TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_and_the_Sword_(1994_TV_series)=The Book and the Sword (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_and_the_Sword_(1992_TV_series)=The Book and the Sword (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_and_Sword_Chronicles=Book and Sword Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.M._Weather=A.M. Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Night_in_America=Soccer Night in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popi_(TV_series)=Popi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentors_(TV_series)=Mentors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Models_of_the_Runway=Models of the Runway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decade_of_Doctors=Decade of Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asfur=Asfur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discover_Tasmania=Discover Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronk_(TV_series)=Bronk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunken_Hero=Drunken Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nan's_Christmas_Carol=Nan's Christmas Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Natives:_USA=Meet the Natives: USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Generations_Project=The Generations Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonders_of_the_Solar_System=Wonders of the Solar System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bounce_(TV_series)=The Bounce (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girltrash!=Girltrash!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor:_Khatron_Ke_Khiladi_(season_3)=Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carland_Cross_(TV_series)=Carland Cross (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(Greek_TV_series)=Dancing with the Stars (Greek TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_League_Extra=Football League Extra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Talking_(TV_series)=Keep Talking (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Princesses=Undercover Princesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gehaktdag=Gehaktdag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Beverly_Hills=The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazmin's_Touch=Jazmin's Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_Shootout=Playboy Shootout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bottomline_with_Boy_Abunda=The Bottomline with Boy Abunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huo_Yuanjia_(2001_TV_series)=Huo Yuanjia (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makmende=Makmende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars_(UK)=Popstars (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Live_with_Megyn_Kelly=America Live with Megyn Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_Possible%3F=Is It Possible?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Good_Look_(TV_series)=Take a Good Look (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzy_the_Lezzy=Lizzy the Lezzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Women_of_Maricopa_County=Police Women of Maricopa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Women_of_Broward_County=Police Women of Broward County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Beauty=The Price of Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangutan_Diary=Orangutan Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerseylicious=Jerseylicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skal_vi_danse%3F=Skal vi danse?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunaina_(TV_series)=Sunaina (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liza_&_Huey's_Pet_Nation=Liza & Huey's Pet Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champions_of_the_Wild=Champions of the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luz_Clarita=Luz Clarita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Derecho_de_Nacer_(2001_telenovela)=El Derecho de Nacer (2001 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Lee_Collins:_Good_Times=Justin Lee Collins: Good Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Game_Room=Classic Game Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Attractions_(TV_series)=Fatal Attractions (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Palin's_Alaska=Sarah Palin's Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luntik=Luntik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspects_in_Love=Suspects in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_1)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Picture_of_Dorian_Gray_(1976_TV)=The Picture of Dorian Gray (1976 TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Inn_(1983_TV_series)=Jamaica Inn (1983 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_2)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Emergency=Children's Emergency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_3)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_4)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_5)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_6)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_7)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_8)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 8)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_9)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 9)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_10)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_11)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 11)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_12)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 12)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_13)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 13)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_London's_Burning_episodes_(series_14)=List of London's Burning episodes (series 14)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tom_Ewell_Show=The Tom Ewell Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AHA!=AHA!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie's_Ministry_of_Food=Jamie's Ministry of Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_ti_(telenovela)=Por ti (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Force=Ocean Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arangkada_Balita=Arangkada Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draw_the_Line_(TV_series)=Draw the Line (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaster_Date=Disaster Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assaulted_Nuts_(TV_series)=Assaulted Nuts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_Again_(TV_series)=Love Me Again (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shushybye=Shushybye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ka-Blog!=Ka-Blog!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_Youth=Invincible Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilyang_Kerubin=Pilyang Kerubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inami_(cartoon)=Inami (cartoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fuse_(game_show)=The Fuse (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BFGF_(TV_series)=BFGF (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_and_Me=Bebe and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_(TV_series)=The Door (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfy_Food=Elfy Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langit_sa_Piling_Mo=Langit sa Piling Mo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_What_the_Hack!=MTV What the Hack!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellcats=Hellcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandy:_Special_Delivery=Brandy: Special Delivery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksyon=Aksyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Paladin_3_(TV_series)=Chinese Paladin 3 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_on_HDNet=NHL on HDNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_and_Passion=Rage and Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Condor_Hero=The Mystery of the Condor Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Garlund=Mr. Garlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Fox_of_Snowy_Mountain_(1991_TV_series)=The Flying Fox of Snowy Mountain (1991 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basahang_Ginto=Basahang Ginto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice_(1985_TV_series)=The Practice (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kin_to_Win=A Kin to Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Pardesi_Ho_Gaye=Hum Pardesi Ho Gaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Out_(Philippine_game_show)=Take Me Out (Philippine game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_Masters=Secrets of the Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthy_Cravings=Healthy Cravings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facejacker=Facejacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witness_(TV_series)=The Witness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_GSP_vs._Team_Koscheck=The Ultimate Fighter: Team GSP vs. Team Koscheck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Laugh!=Have a Laugh!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_with_Craig_Doyle=Tonight with Craig Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_and_the_Blue_(TV_series)=The Red and the Blue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Ease_(TV_series)=At Ease (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressage_To_Win=Dressage To Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_Stained_with_Royal_Blood_(1977_TV_series)=Sword Stained with Royal Blood (1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inexplicable,_yet_a_Fact=Inexplicable, yet a Fact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Everything_(TV_series)=The Best of Everything (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_C_(TV_series)=The Big C (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(1988_TV_series)=The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Condor_Heroes_(1976_TV_series)=The Legend of the Condor Heroes (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_of_Mount_Deer_(CTV)=The Duke of Mount Deer (CTV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke_of_Mount_Deer_(1998_TV_series)=The Duke of Mount Deer (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctors_to_Be:_20_Years_On=Doctors to Be: 20 Years On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Op_zoek_naar_Zorro=Op zoek naar Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baggage_(game_show)=Baggage (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things_(TV_series)=Wild Things (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cama_de_Gato=Cama de Gato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunions=Reunions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_Kara_De=Lift Kara De
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNA_Reaction=TNA Reaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paparazzi_(talk_show)=Paparazzi (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Babies=Big Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Sapney=Simply Sapney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrible_Histories_(2001_TV_series)=Horrible Histories (2001 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connor_Undercover=Connor Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_(1994_TV_series)=Family (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath_(TV_series)=Aftermath (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_with_Ray_Mears=Survival with Ray Mears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimajin_Kanon=Daimajin Kanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_Your_Car=Living in Your Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wachamakulit=Wachamakulit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_on_Comedy=Head on Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Fried_Stings=Southern Fried Stings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Summer=Wicked Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6,_7,_8=6, 7, 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosalka=Rosalka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prank_Patrol_(Australian_TV_series)=Prank Patrol (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition!=Expedition!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_Chashm-e_Baad=Dar Chashm-e Baad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relaciones_peligrosas=Relaciones peligrosas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rang_Badalti_Odhani=Rang Badalti Odhani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Late_@_Nite=Martin Late @ Nite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_After_Dark=Martin After Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prank_Patrol_(UK_TV_series)=Prank Patrol (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandidato=Kandidato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_to_Face_(Philippine_talk_show)=Face to Face (Philippine talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Academy=Dance Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingin'_It=Wingin' It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_New_Year,_America=Happy New Year, America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_and_the_Book_of_Pure_Evil=Todd and the Book of Pure Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Bar_(Philippine_TV_series)=Comedy Bar (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia:_Families=The Biggest Loser Australia: Families
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_It_Out!_with_Dr._Steve_Brule=Check It Out! with Dr. Steve Brule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Sunshine_(2011_TV_series)=Mr. Sunshine (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Brunei_(season_1)=The Biggest Loser Brunei (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.O.5=P.O.5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miliyoner=Miliyoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pyramid_(Croatian_TV_series)=The Pyramid (Croatian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZingZillas=ZingZillas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Got_Talent=Italia's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Chilli_Wants=What Chilli Wants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love_Couples=Tough Love Couples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shak_at_Home=The Shak at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dit_was_het_nieuws=Dit was het nieuws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_19_Yards=The Whole 19 Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paid_Programming_(TV_pilot)=Paid Programming (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weekend_News_(ABS-CBN)=The Weekend News (ABS-CBN)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Rock=I Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorz_TV=Motorz TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circo_de_estrellas_(Chile)=Circo de estrellas (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Chefs_of_Beverly_Hills=Private Chefs of Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wax_and_Wane=Wax and Wane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_History_(TV_series)=Unnatural History (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Skinner's_Opinionated=Frank Skinner's Opinionated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairly_Legal=Fairly Legal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looney_Tunes_Show=The Looney Tunes Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonstop_(Chinese_TV_series)=Nonstop (Chinese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobre_Diabla=Pobre Diabla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sail_Away_(TV_series)=Sail Away (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_duda=La duda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_heredera=La heredera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feathered_Serpent_(TV_series)=The Feathered Serpent (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magkaribal=Magkaribal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_We_There_Yet%3F_(TV_series)=Are We There Yet? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RuPaul's_Drag_U=RuPaul's Drag U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criminal_Mindscape=Criminal Mindscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_3_(TV_series)=Studio 3 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Spider-Man_(TV_series)=Ultimate Spider-Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Justice_(TV_series)=Young Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Universe_with_Stephen_Hawking=Into the Universe with Stephen Hawking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Pie_(TV_series)=Apple Pie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Beekman_Boys=The Fabulous Beekman Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mino_(TV_miniseries)=Mino (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Ormond_Street_(TV_series)=Great Ormond Street (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunao_ni_Narenakute=Sunao ni Narenakute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_(TV_series)=The Gates (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Annoying_Orange=The Annoying Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Daughters=Five Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennedys_(miniseries)=The Kennedys (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Show=Silent Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Fitz=Call Me Fitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athlete_360=Athlete 360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Comes_to_Pac-Land=Christmas Comes to Pac-Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightshift_(TV_series)=The Nightshift (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadashii_Ouji_no_Tsukuri_Kata=Tadashii Ouji no Tsukuri Kata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Grand_Journal_(Canal+)=Le Grand Journal (Canal+)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talang_2010=Talang 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliced=Sliced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_Season_Three=Bellator Fighting Championships: Season Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_&_Blues_(TV_series)=Rhythm & Blues (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther_(TV_series)=Luther (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_on_Speed=NASCAR on Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasia_la_Zona=Hasia la Zona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll's_House_(TV_series)=Doll's House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Chef_UK=Iron Chef UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Movie_Magic=Mega Movie Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tratame_bien=Tratame bien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politically_Incorrect_Parenting_Show=The Politically Incorrect Parenting Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev._(TV_series)=Rev. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineapple_Dance_Studios_(TV_series)=Pineapple Dance Studios (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia's_Got_Talent!=Georgia's Got Talent!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Apprentice=Young Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Couture=Jersey Couture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Kickoff=Love Kickoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behenein=Behenein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Asia_(season_2)=The Biggest Loser Asia (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_Cops:_Mall_of_America=Mall Cops: Mall of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensive_Care_Unit_(TV_series)=Intensive Care Unit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela,_a_Feia=Bela, a Feia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macbeth_(1978_film)=Macbeth (1978 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Mere_Sapne_(TV_series)=Tere Mere Sapne (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workshop_(web_series)=Workshop (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillian_in_Georgia=Gillian in Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diyos_at_Bayan=Diyos at Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2nd_Streamy_Awards=2nd Streamy Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Diva=Born Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annenberg_TV_News=Annenberg TV News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Bug_(Philippines_TV_series)=Love Bug (Philippines TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane_(TV_series)=Crane (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2010 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giggle_and_Hoot=Giggle and Hoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinky_and_Perky_Show=The Pinky and Perky Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigh_of_His_Highness=Sigh of His Highness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mam_talent!=Mam talent!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_&_Order:_LA=Law & Order: LA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_(TV_series)=Monroe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Girls=Downtown Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_Among_the_Clans=The Battle Among the Clans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Fry:_50_Not_Out=Stephen Fry: 50 Not Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstie_Alley's_Big_Life=Kirstie Alley's Big Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Mindy=Mega Mindy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_a_Rock_'n'_Roll_Band!=I'm in a Rock 'n' Roll Band!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Street_Dreams=High Street Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_(TV_series)=Luck (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_(Philippine_TV_series)=The Message (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tosh.0=Tosh.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourmet's_Diary_of_a_Foodie=Gourmet's Diary of a Foodie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slangman's_World=Slangman's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_News_Now=Hawaii News Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hammond's_Invisible_Worlds=Richard Hammond's Invisible Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Couples=Perfect Couples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Guan_Gong=The Legend of Guan Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Star_Specials=5 Star Specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst-Case_Scenario_(TV_series)=Worst-Case Scenario (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawayn=Gawayn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamba's_Playtime=Yamba's Playtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_TV_(TV_series)=Rush TV (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projecto_Moda_(Project_Runway_Portugal)=Projecto Moda (Project Runway Portugal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momay=Momay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boats_that_Built_Britain=Boats that Built Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_(telenovela)=Belinda (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_So_Weird_(TV_series)=That's So Weird (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry's_Law=Harry's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrika_Zirok=Fabrika Zirok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amici_di_Maria_De_Filippi=Amici di Maria De Filippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_(TV_serial)=The Deep (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Event=The Event
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construction_Intervention=Construction Intervention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Olson's_Rumpus_Room=Johnny Olson's Rumpus Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outsourced_(TV_series)=Outsourced (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Proof=Body of Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movies_That_Shook_the_World=Movies That Shook the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Patrol_UK=Sea Patrol UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerks_of_All_Trades=Jerks of All Trades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Varieties=Cinema Varieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Tony=My Friend Tony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bloods_(TV_series)=Blue Bloods (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_&_Molly=Mike & Molly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defenders_(2010_TV_series)=The Defenders (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's_Burgers=Bob's Burgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joan_Edwards_Show=The Joan Edwards Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_X_Fantasy_Rayforce=SF X Fantasy Rayforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cape_(2011_TV_series)=The Cape (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter_(TV_series)=Baxter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabaan_Sambhalke=Zabaan Sambhalke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Kitchen=Market Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Hope=Raising Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Wilde=Running Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_(TV_series)=Lone Star (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_(TV_series)=Nikita (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_Light_(TV_series)=Traffic Light (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chicago_Code=The Chicago Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_1-8-7=Detroit 1-8-7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Map_(TV_series)=Off the Map (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Truth_(TV_series)=The Whole Truth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishaan:_Sapno_Ko_Awaaz_De=Ishaan: Sapno Ko Awaaz De
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_with_You=Better with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laff_En_Roll=Laff En Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Days_in_Monkey_City=Dark Days in Monkey City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Important_People=The Most Important People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Times_Youth_Forum=New York Times Youth Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_on_Parade_(TV_series)=Stars on Parade (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Supertalent=Das Supertalent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$h*!_My_Dad_Says=$h*! My Dad Says
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_the_Ape=Warren the Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_or_What%3F=Weird or What?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Date_(1950s_game_show)=Blind Date (1950s game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Idea_(DuMont_TV_series)=The Big Idea (DuMont TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Posted=Keep Posted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Report_(DuMont_TV_series)=Washington Report (DuMont TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Entrance=Stage Entrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Romance_(TV_series)=The Last Romance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Benefits_(TV_series)=Friends with Benefits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruen_Playhouse=Gruen Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy's_Party=Happy's Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Broadway=Hotel Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Heart_(TV_series)=Have a Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_and_Company=Kids and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pondles=The Pondles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_of_a_Lifetime_(1950s_TV_series)=Chance of a Lifetime (1950s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Shopper=TV Shopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Effin'_Science=It's Effin' Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_robadas_(Mexican_telenovela)=Vidas robadas (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_KC=Simply KC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujer_comprada=Mujer comprada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flaxton_Boys=The Flaxton Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_(2010_TV_series)=Money (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_loba_(telenovela)=La loba (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_Cruzados=Amores Cruzados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Exposure_(American_TV_series)=Double Exposure (American TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horses_Galore=Horses Galore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Time_Tunes=Teen Time Tunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_(UK_TV_series)=Chronicle (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias_Paniki=Elias Paniki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_(2010_TV_series)=Chase (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Ghost_Stories=Celebrity Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream!_If_You_Know_the_Answer=Scream! If You Know the Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Glory_2=Age of Glory 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Endings_(TV_series)=Happy Endings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playbox_(1950s_TV_series)=Playbox (1950s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frock_Me=Frock Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show=El Gran Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Prince_(film)=The Happy Prince (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_(TV_series)=Haven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella's_Sister=Cinderella's Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinta_Fitri=Cinta Fitri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Pound_Drop=The Million Pound Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_Kings=Breakout Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Talking:_A_Personal_Inquiry_into_Language=Born Talking: A Personal Inquiry into Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recreating_Eden=Recreating Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_Me_Enamoro_(telenovela)=Cuando Me Enamoro (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_MasterChef=Junior MasterChef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nova_(TV_series)=Terra Nova (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winds_of_War_(miniseries)=The Winds of War (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_of_Mouth_(TV_series)=Word of Mouth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Kaleidoscope=Russian Kaleidoscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lian_Cheng_Jue_(TV_series)=Lian Cheng Jue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_Gallantry_(1985_TV_series)=Ode to Gallantry (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_Gallantry_(1989_TV_series)=Ode to Gallantry (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_Gallantry_(2002_TV_series)=Ode to Gallantry (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball_Wives=Basketball Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perla_(telenovela)=Perla (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Babes=Precious Babes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_When_You_Can=Love Me When You Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheed-e-Kufa=Shaheed-e-Kufa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellfury=Spellfury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_fantasma_de_Elena=El fantasma de Elena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diff'rent_Strokes=Diff'rent Strokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_(TV_series)=Outlaw (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yariyan=Yariyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matty_Johns_Show=The Matty Johns Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M3:_Malay_Mo_Ma-develop=M3: Malay Mo Ma-develop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Generation_(TV_series)=My Generation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_TV=Brothers TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_OCD_Project=The OCD Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagleheart_(TV_series)=Eagleheart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Grand_Journal_(TQS)=Le Grand Journal (TQS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5_O'Clock_Show=The 5 O'Clock Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Guy_(TV_series)=Bad Guy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_with_the_Band=Dinner with the Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Women_of_Memphis=Police Women of Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFC_Primetime=UFC Primetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawang_Merah_Bawang_Putih_(TV_drama)=Bawang Merah Bawang Putih (TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCIS_(TV_series)=NCIS (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_Jane_(TV_series)=Plain Jane (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Reiser_Show=The Paul Reiser Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvggun_Sampanna=Sarvggun Sampanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bret_Michaels:_Life_as_I_Know_It=Bret Michaels: Life as I Know It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Jeetegi_Desi_Girl=Dil Jeetegi Desi Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenski_Top_Model=Slovenski Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Drama=Total Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatski_Top_Model_(cycle_1)=Hrvatski Top Model (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_in_Peking_(2005_TV_series)=Moment in Peking (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_the_Mayor=She's the Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Ring_(TV_series)=Iron Ring (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_For_Having_Loved_Me=Thank You For Having Loved Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ito_Ang_Balita=Ito Ang Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudis_Liit=Trudis Liit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Pitch_(TV_series)=Quick Pitch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_La_Land_(TV_series)=La La Land (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maan_Rahe_Tera_Pitaah=Maan Rahe Tera Pitaah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Beauty_(TV_series)=True Beauty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Beauty_(season_2)=True Beauty (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_the_Baby=Holding the Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kape_at_Balita=Kape at Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Nelson's_Well_Good_Show=Lee Nelson's Well Good Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Prime=Transformers: Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Virgen_de_las_Siete_Calles_(TV_series)=La Virgen de las Siete Calles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downfall_(game_show)=Downfall (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americans_(1961_TV_series)=The Americans (1961 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Beat=Memphis Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson's_Animal_Show=Jim Henson's Animal Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FoodCrafters=FoodCrafters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Murray's_Road_to_Berlin=Al Murray's Road to Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svetlana_(TV_series)=Svetlana (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Times_of_RJ_Berger=The Hard Times of RJ Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baat_Hamari_Pakki_Hai=Baat Hamari Pakki Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Aliyanz=American Aliyanz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Jiminy_Cricket_educational_serials=List of Jiminy Cricket educational serials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laagi_Tujhse_Lagan=Laagi Tujhse Lagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_7_(season_4)=Calle 7 (season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Up=Moving Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football's_Greatest=Football's Greatest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizzoli_&_Isles=Rizzoli & Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_in_the_Hat_Knows_a_Lot_About_That!=The Cat in the Hat Knows a Lot About That!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playboy_Radio_Show=The Playboy Radio Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Marlowe_(TV_series)=Philip Marlowe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_of_Art:_The_Next_Great_Artist=Work of Art: The Next Great Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Park_(TV_series)=Stanley Park (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse_of_the_City=Pulse of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_Patriots=Legend of the Patriots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead_(TV_series)=The Walking Dead (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_with_the_Wine=Gone with the Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine_Is_Still_the_Issue=Palestine Is Still the Issue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauw_&_Witteman=Pauw & Witteman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad_Camp=Dad Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accused_(TV_series)=Accused (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_to_Be_Fit=Fun to Be Fit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Men_Are_Brothers_(TV_series)=All Men Are Brothers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_with_Brooms_(TV_series)=Men with Brooms (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InOverOurHeads=InOverOurHeads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mujer_perfecta=La mujer perfecta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Corden's_World_Cup_Live=James Corden's World Cup Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countrywise=Countrywise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Day_(TV_series)=Some Day (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(Israel)=Survivor (Israel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Aboard_(NBC_TV_series)=Welcome Aboard (NBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howa_wa_heya=Howa wa heya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_Liars=Late Night Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Noon_Toons=High Noon Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tere_Liye_(TV_series)=Tere Liye (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer's_Desire=Summer's Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valiant_Lady=Valiant Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YooHoo_&_Friends=YooHoo & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanti_(TV_series)=Shanti (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilumina_(TV_series)=Ilumina (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Cut_Off!=You're Cut Off!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Wormhole=Through the Wormhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A-List:_New_York=The A-List: New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe_(1997_TV_series)=Ivanhoe (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_One=Pioneer One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_What_(U.S._TV_series)=Guess What (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeopardy!=Jeopardy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Playhouse=International Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_to_the_Ages=Key to the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_at_the_Top_(TV_series)=Man at the Top (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishta.com=Rishta.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being..._N-Dubz=Being... N-Dubz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokhav_Nolad_8=Kokhav Nolad 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Before_Gentlemen=Ladies Before Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies'_Date=Ladies' Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_Entertainment=100% Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_57=Studio 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Quest:_A_Year_in_the_Real_West=Pioneer Quest: A Year in the Real West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damon_Runyon_Theater=Damon Runyon Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_West_(2011_TV_series)=Journey to the West (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongrels_(TV_series)=Mongrels (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG15:_Outbreak=LG15: Outbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_on_the_Draw=Quick on the Draw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_First_48=After the First 48
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(Albania)=Dancing with the Stars (Albania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_Come_True=Wish Come True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_(U.S._TV_series)=MasterChef (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsuki_no_Koibito=Tsuki no Koibito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scheme_(TV_series)=The Scheme (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_West_(2010_TV_series)=Journey to the West (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borgias_(2011_TV_series)=The Borgias (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Lanes_Merge=When Lanes Merge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Gal=News Gal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talang_Sverige=Talang Sverige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_(1999_TV_series)=Zoom (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoppus_on_Music=Hoppus on Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_L_Word=The Real L Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Families_of_Crime=Australian Families of Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zettai_Reido=Zettai Reido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(TV_series)=Mother (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Uplate_Live=Music Uplate Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Be_Dead=U Be Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah_(TV_series)=Noah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_sin_Amor=Casanova sin Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dual_Survival=Dual Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_de_hierro=Alma de hierro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(Afghan_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Afghan game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Movies_with_the_L.A._Connection=Mad Movies with the L.A. Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaya_ng_Powers=Kaya ng Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danz_Showdown=Danz Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andy_Warhol's_Fifteen_Minutes=Andy Warhol's Fifteen Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_It_(TV_series)=Cool It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrificio_de_mujer=Sacrificio de mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Pinoy_Edition=The Biggest Loser Pinoy Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Universe_Works=How the Universe Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Blood_(TV_series)=Cold Blood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunited_(TV_pilot)=Reunited (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kykelikokos=Kykelikokos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_OOO=Kamen Rider OOO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Love_(TV_series)=Mad Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Stuffing=Dream Stuffing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Be_the_Music=Must Be the Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_dzwonka=Do dzwonka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_Versus=Australia Versus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_from_the_Shoulder=Straight from the Shoulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_Was_17=When I Was 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penthouse_Live!=The Penthouse Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_&_Tell_(TV_series)=Show & Tell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_Robbery_(TV_series)=Daylight Robbery (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_(TV_series)=Theodore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legendary_Fok=The Legendary Fok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imortal=Imortal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_(Brunei_TV_series)=The Biggest Loser (Brunei TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Earth_(1986_series)=Planet Earth (1986 series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(TV_series)=Identity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glades_(TV_series)=The Glades (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_Up_for_the_Week=Stand Up for the Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Blessings_(British_TV_series)=Mixed Blessings (British TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_E_Street=Inside E Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Generation_(talk_show)=My Generation (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portokalli=Portokalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Merger=The Ultimate Merger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penda_Sports=Penda Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethenny_Ever_After=Bethenny Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chand_Chupa_Badal_Mein=Chand Chupa Badal Mein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Princess=American Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selling_New_York=Selling New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedsworth-Townsend_Act=The Wedsworth-Townsend Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Style_Queen=Style Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland's_Next_Top_Model=Poland's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Happy_Band!=Oh Happy Band!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_with_Love_(TV_series)=Down with Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bionic_Vet=The Bionic Vet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decision_(TV_special)=The Decision (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digging_for_Britain=Digging for Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Life_(TV_series)=Monkey Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_(2010_TV_programme)=Daybreak (2010 TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_War_(documentary)=The Unknown War (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dive_(TV_series)=Dive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Ways_to_Leave_a_Gameshow=101 Ways to Leave a Gameshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Morning_Live_(BBC_TV_programme)=Sunday Morning Live (BBC TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_en_Gert_(TV_series)=Samson en Gert (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_&_Blake=Jake & Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Nany=La Nany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochocinco:_The_Ultimate_Catch=Ochocinco: The Ultimate Catch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drunk_and_On_Drugs_Happy_Fun_Time_Hour=The Drunk and On Drugs Happy Fun Time Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Nanny_(Russian_TV_series)=My Fair Nanny (Russian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Food_at_Home=French Food at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love/Hate_(TV_series)=Love/Hate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_(2010_drama)=The Silence (2010 drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_O'Grady_Live=Paul O'Grady Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujeres_Asesinas_(Argentina)=Mujeres Asesinas (Argentina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Korra=The Legend of Korra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Hannibal's_Trail=On Hannibal's Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Signs_of_Death=All Signs of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Generation's_Horror_Movie_Factory=Girls' Generation's Horror Movie Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_on_ESPN=Golf on ESPN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorian_Pharmacy=Victorian Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Margin_(1973_TV_series)=The Water Margin (1973 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fact_or_Faked:_Paranormal_Files=Fact or Faked: Paranormal Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_the_Dragon=Spirit of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Our_Luck=Just Our Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learn_With_Sooty=Learn With Sooty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up_(TV_series)=Shake It Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glumpers=Glumpers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini_Studio=Mini Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaster_Masters=Disaster Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_Battle_Spectacular=Hair Battle Spectacular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandamen=Pandamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine_(TV_programme)=Lorraine (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contrafuego=Contrafuego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man,_Woman,_Wild=Man, Woman, Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alguien_te_mira_(American_telenovela)=Alguien te mira (American telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_John_Mills'_Moving_Memories=Sir John Mills' Moving Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Tutera's_CELEBrations=David Tutera's CELEBrations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inedible_To_Incredible=Inedible To Incredible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Cupcakes=DC Cupcakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_Maid_en_Manhattan=Una Maid en Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Diosa_Coronada=La Diosa Coronada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe:_Renegades=G.I. Joe: Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazzat_with_Asad=Lazzat with Asad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPW_Ignition=IPW Ignition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Insomnia=Cinema Insomnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucha_Libre_USA=Lucha Libre USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Man_(TV_series)=Running Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1775_(TV_pilot)=1775 (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_(TV_series)=Push (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JejeMom=JejeMom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dinosaurs!=The Dinosaurs!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Life_(TV_series)=First Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doggy_Day_School=Doggy Day School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Bryan=House of Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_USA=MasterChef USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Word_(TV_series)=The Last Word (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Cause_(TV_series)=Just Cause (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Hungry=Money Hungry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_One_In=Odd One In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ti_Ti_Ti=Ti Ti Ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Cutthroat=The Challenge: Cutthroat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spenser_(TV_films)=Spenser (TV films)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hour_Restaurant_Battle=24 Hour Restaurant Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Girl_(TV_series)=Factory Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colony_(2005_TV_series)=The Colony (2005 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Force_(2009_TV_series)=The Force (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripples_(Underwater_3D_Animation_Series)=Ripples (Underwater 3D Animation Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Merchant=The Great Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offspring_(TV_series)=Offspring (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Dumb_and_Living_Off_Mum=Young, Dumb and Living Off Mum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Movie_Sucks!=This Movie Sucks!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3@Three=3@Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Mum_(TV_series)=Keeping Mum (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Baking,_Kim_Takgu=King of Baking, Kim Takgu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presidents_(TV_series)=The Presidents (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_and_Tears=Gears and Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilipinas_Win_Na_Win=Pilipinas Win Na Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatch's_Mill=Hatch's Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marilyn_Denis_Show=The Marilyn Denis Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestar_Galactica:_Blood_&_Chrome=Battlestar Galactica: Blood & Chrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China's_Got_Talent=China's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_North_Maple=55 North Maple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Album_of_History=Album of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_City_Story=A City Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_and_Lib=Ad and Lib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Is_For_Aardvark=A Is For Aardvark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Watts_on_Living=Alan Watts on Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert's_Place=Albert's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_(TV_series)=Access (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Date_with_Frosia=A Date with Frosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_Delight_(TV_series)=Afternoon Delight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(Canadian_TV_series)=After Hours (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Four=After Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adieu_Alouette=Adieu Alouette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Time_(1967_TV_series)=Adventure Time (1967 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Place_to_Come_From=A Good Place to Come From
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabloid_(TV_series)=Tabloid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hatful_of_Music=A Hatful of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Canada=About Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Choice_of_Futures=A Choice of Futures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven-O-One=Seven-O-One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_View_of_Canadian_History=A Long View of Canadian History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altogether_(TV_series)=Altogether (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Month_of_Sundays_(miniseries)=A Month of Sundays (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_for_Everything=A Place for Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanac_(Canadian_TV_series)=Almanac (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Way_(TV_series)=Along the Way (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analog_(TV_series)=Analog (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_of_Your_Own=A Place of Your Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarium_(TV_series)=Aquarium (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applause,_Applause=Applause, Applause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Third_Testament=A Third Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Show_from_Two_Cities=A Show from Two Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Summer=Atlantic Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_with_John_Newmark=At Home with John Newmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barris_and_Company=Barris and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_of_Music_(TV_series)=A World of Music (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corwin_(TV_series)=Corwin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_Diddle_Day=Hi Diddle Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Hoedown=Country Hoedown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Second_Look_(1969_TV_series)=A Second Look (1969 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Second_Look_(1964_TV_series)=A Second Look (1964 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retired_at_35=Retired at 35
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristine_(TV_series)=Kristine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Lets_and_Co.=Q-Lets and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojo_por_ojo=Ojo por ojo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_Is_the_Spur_(TV_series)=Fame Is the Spur (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_in_a_Candy_Store=Kid in a Candy Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_&_Bash=Franklin & Bash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macedonian_Idol=Macedonian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef=MasterChef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suck_My_Pop=Suck My Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talk_(TV_series)=The Talk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Pay_It_Forward=The Biggest Loser: Pay It Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colony_(U.S._TV_series)=The Colony (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Mummies=Chasing Mummies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Not_My_Life=This Is Not My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaJets=MetaJets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brit_Cops=Brit Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Yes_to_the_Dress:_Atlanta=Say Yes to the Dress: Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_ni_Mister,_Love_ni_Misis=Love ni Mister, Love ni Misis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bishop's_Britain=John Bishop's Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsignor_Renard=Monsignor Renard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Raja_Ek_Rani=Ek Raja Ek Rani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_(TV_series)=Mad (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1DOL=1DOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_House_(TV_series)=Coffee House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aim_in_Life=Aim in Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Call=Police Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como_en_el_cine=Como en el cine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_My_Life=The Girl in My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_&_More=Coffee & More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terriers_(TV_series)=Terriers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Background_(TV_series)=Background (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballades_et_chansons=Ballades et chansons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check-Up=Check-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Canada=Camera Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_You_(TV_series)=A Song for You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Putting_Me_On%3F=Are You Putting Me On?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronomy_Today=Astronomy Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expo_'67_Report=Expo '67 Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_Night=A Summer Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Beholder_(TV_series)=Eye of the Beholder (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashback_(TV_series)=Flashback (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Stories_Inside_Quebec=Eight Stories Inside Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Theatre=A Midsummer Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy_Free_(TV_series)=Fancy Free (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expo_This_Week=Expo This Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Fun_(TV_series)=Film Fun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_Songs_with_Ed_McCurdy=Folk Songs with Ed McCurdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipside_(TV_series)=Flipside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_for_Love=French for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Island_(TV_show)=Friday Island (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Time_(TV_series)=Fun Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_and_Centre=Front and Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_and_Ziz=Gerry and Ziz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_(1960s_TV_series)=Generation (1960s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_With_Stan_Leonard=Golf With Stan Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_(TV_series)=Graphic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floor_Show=Floor Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Movies_(CBC_TV_series)=Great Movies (CBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_in_the_Kitchen=Hans in the Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_My_Story=Guess My Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times_(Canadian_TV_series)=Hard Times (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_or_Not_Guilty=Guilty or Not Guilty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_to_Stay_(TV_series)=Here to Stay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Make_Music_(TV_series)=Let's Make Music (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Speak_English=Let's Speak English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Duffy=Here's Duffy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Studio=Haunted Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Makers_(TV_series)=History Makers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hits_a_Poppin=Hits a Poppin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Canada=Holiday Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homemade_Jam=Homemade Jam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Party_(Canadian_TV_series)=House Party (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Sing_Out=Let's Sing Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_About_That%3F=How About That?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_Music=Let's Talk Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Face_It_(TV_series)=Let's Face It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_(1950s_TV_series)=Living (1950s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Learn_(TV_series)=Live and Learn (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_a_Borrowed_Life=Live a Borrowed Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_the_Land=Life and the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_(Canadian_TV_series)=Horizon (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Shot_(TV_series)=Long Shot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_to_the_Museum=Let's Go to the Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Movies:_The_Great_Canadian_Film_Caper=Home Movies: The Great Canadian Film Caper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc's_Grab_Bag=Marc's Grab Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_a_Landscape=Man in a Landscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Match=Make a Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquee_(TV_series)=Marquee (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McQueen_(TV_series)=McQueen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnow_on_the_Say=Minnow on the Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba_100=Manitoba 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorandum_on_a_Frozen_Ark=Memorandum on a Frozen Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_(TV_series)=Mexico (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_Breitman=Miriam Breitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_X_in_Canada=Mister X in Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moods_of_Man=Moods of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Special=Monday Night Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Pop_Concerts=Montreal Pop Concerts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Stories_from_Inside_Quebec=More Stories from Inside Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movies_with_Manings=Movies with Manings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Fixit_(TV_series)=Mr. Fixit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._O=Mr. O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ms!=Ms!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Album_(TV_series)=Music Album (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musical_Moods=Musical Moods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Break=Music Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolfman_Jack_Show=The Wolfman Jack Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Man=The World of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Canada_(TV_series)=Music Canada (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Tramp=Tidewater Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Music=The World of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_of_Truth_(TV_series)=Moment of Truth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_Living=Time for Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Explorers=Medical Explorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhote_Ustaad=Chhote Ustaad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrappers=Scrappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dreamed_a_Dream:_The_Susan_Boyle_Story=I Dreamed a Dream: The Susan Boyle Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef:_The_Professionals=MasterChef: The Professionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossoming_Flowers=Blossoming Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeartBeat_(U.S._TV_series)=HeartBeat (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightlife=The Nightlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Country=Goin' Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropang_Potchi=Tropang Potchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_el_amor_y_el_deseo=Entre el amor y el deseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandma's_House=Grandma's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nate_Berkus_Show=The Nate Berkus Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Justice_with_Jackie_Glass=Swift Justice with Jackie Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_Pad=Bachelor Pad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Mat=On the Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDs_(TV_series)=MDs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_That_Distant_Place_(TV_series)=In That Distant Place (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiao's_Grand_Courtyard_(2006_TV_series)=Qiao's Grand Courtyard (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditie_Robinson_2010=Expeditie Robinson 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_the_Mayor=He's the Mayor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Lake_(TV_series)=Big Lake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cops_L.A.C.=Cops L.A.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itanong_mo_kay_Soriano=Itanong mo kay Soriano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Street_Bullies_(film)=Broad Street Bullies (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Boss_(U.S._TV_series)=Undercover Boss (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Chor_Lau-heung_(1984_TV_series)=The New Adventures of Chor Lau-heung (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chor_Lau-heung_(1985_TV_series)=Chor Lau-heung (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._L._Stine's_The_Haunting_Hour:_The_Series=R. L. Stine's The Haunting Hour: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chor_Lau-heung_(1995_TV_series)=Chor Lau-heung (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers_of_Fortune_(TV_series)=Soldiers of Fortune (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Loves_Lisa=Harry Loves Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokomoko=Lokomoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Hapi=Everybody Hapi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Darling_Aswang=My Darling Aswang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardy_Boys_(1969_TV_series)=The Hardy Boys (1969 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyton_Place:_The_Next_Generation=Peyton Place: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Word_with_Lawrence_O'Donnell=The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Fame_West_Africa=Project Fame West Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Outdoors_(UK_TV_series)=The Great Outdoors (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clue_(TV_series)=Clue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bigbugs=The Bigbugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hounded_(CBBC)=Hounded (CBBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_&_Val_Have_Just_Got_In=Roger & Val Have Just Got In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastbound_&_Down=Eastbound & Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Young_(TV_series)=Forever Young (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boyes=Bad Boyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Court=The Family Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_It_or_List_It=Love It or List It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midsummer_Rock=Midsummer Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_Um_Fio=Por Um Fio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee's_Superhumans=Stan Lee's Superhumans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_talent=Eesti talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Chuck_and_Friends=The Adventures of Chuck and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_It_Is_(TV_series)=Like It Is (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Ka_Daily_Soap=Comedy Ka Daily Soap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himnaera_Him!=Himnaera Him!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagatelle_(TV_series)=Bagatelle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballads_and_Bards=Ballads and Bards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney's_Gang=Barney's Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabaret_(TV_series)=Cabaret (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_at_War=Canada at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Outdoors=Canada Outdoors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_File=Canada File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Story=Canada's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Film_Makers_(1967_TV_series)=Canadian Film Makers (1967 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Film_Makers_(1974_TV_series)=Canadian Film Makers (1974 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Authors=Canadian Authors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candid_Eye=Candid Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Stars=Canadian Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Fisherman=Canadian Fisherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Reflections=Canadian Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Careers_to_Come=Careers to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_a_Rising_Star_(TV_series)=Catch a Rising Star (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troubleshooter_(TV_series)=Troubleshooter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Iberville_(TV_series)=D'Iberville (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomatic_Passport_(TV_series)=Diplomatic Passport (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny's_Sho=Denny's Sho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Document_(TV_series)=Document (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Home_Country=Down Home Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixieland_Jazz=Dixieland Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_(Canadian_TV_series)=Discovery (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discoveries_(TV_series)=Discoveries (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollars_and_Sense_(TV_series)=Dollars and Sense (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_and_Ross=Ed and Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Up_(Canadian_game_show)=Double Up (Canadian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthbound_(TV_series)=Earthbound (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploring_Minds=Exploring Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns_Chuckwagon_from_the_Stampede_Corral=Burns Chuckwagon from the Stampede Corral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_Opener=Eye Opener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabbages_and_Kings_(CBC)=Cabbages and Kings (CBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_For_Music=Call For Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Party=Cartoon Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_(TV_series)=Caravan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Storybook=Cartoon Storybook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline_(TV_series)=Dateline (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delilah_(TV_series)=Delilah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directions_in_Music=Directions in Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distinguished_Canadians=Distinguished Canadians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_at_Ten=Drama at Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_West=Camera West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferment_(TV_series)=Ferment (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Audition=Final Audition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Performance=First Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Person_(1960_TV_series)=First Person (1960 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_(TV_series)=Gallery (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Presents=Howard Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Concert_(Canadian_TV_series)=In Concert (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_it_Happens=How it Happens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Good_Company_(TV_series)=In Good Company (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Huddle=Football Huddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Person_(TV_series)=In Person (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Common_Interest=In the Common Interest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Present_Tense=In the Present Tense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Round_(TV_series)=In the Round (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Years_in_the_Life=Five Years in the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_and_There_(TV_series)=Here and There (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_South_Seas=In the South Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthier,_Wealthier,_Wiser%3F=Healthier, Wealthier, Wiser?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Story_Book=In the Story Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobby_Workshop=Hobby Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inventors_(TV_series)=The Inventors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Canada=Inside Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_View_(TV_series)=In View (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Coffee_(TV_series)=Irish Coffee (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_There_Life_After_Youth%3F=Is There Life After Youth?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Our_Stuff=It's Our Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_the_Law=It's the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Law_(TV_series)=International Law (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Musical_World=It's a Musical World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Canada=Jazz Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_and_the_Kid_(TV_series)=Jake and the Kid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_London's_Tales_of_the_Klondike=Jack London's Tales of the Klondike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_(1977_TV_series)=Journal (1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Chart_(TV_series)=Star Chart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lawrence_North=St. Lawrence North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stompin'_Tom's_Canada=Stompin' Tom's Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_with_Jackson=Jazz with Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Door_(TV_series)=Stage Door (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stock_Car_Races=Stock Car Races
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Tuned_(TV_series)=Stay Tuned (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprockets_(TV_series)=Sprockets (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stopwatch_and_Listen=Stopwatch and Listen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jury_(TV_series)=Jury (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_and_Friends=Juliette and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Ask,_Inc.=Just Ask, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_of_La_Fontaine_(TV_series)=Fables of La Fontaine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikad_izvini=Nikad izvini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Legend_(TV_series)=I Am Legend (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Magic_TV=Real Magic TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Girlfriend_Is_a_Nine-Tailed_Fox=My Girlfriend Is a Nine-Tailed Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Chowder=Political Chowder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunes_jul=Sunes jul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Most_Honorable_Knights=Two Most Honorable Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caramel_Crisis=The Caramel Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_(1979_TV_series)=The Twins (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedward:_Let_Loose=Jedward: Let Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_the_Teenage_Witch_(1970_TV_series)=Sabrina the Teenage Witch (1970 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Vs.=Dan Vs.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Britain=Secret Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Hee-yeol's_Sketchbook=You Hee-yeol's Sketchbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Crackers=Comedy Crackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Cafe=Comedy Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Listen_Awhile=Come Listen Awhile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporation_(TV_series)=Corporation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concerto_(TV_series)=Concerto (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concerning_Women=Concerning Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comparisons_(TV_series)=Comparisons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Televiews=Commonwealth Televiews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Joy=Country Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterpoint_(TV_series)=Counterpoint (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_of_Opinions=Court of Opinions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_is_a_Four_Letter_Word=Lady is a Four Letter Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Difference=La Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_(TV_series)=Landmark (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Call_the_Whole_Thing_Orff=Let's Call the Whole Thing Orff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Do_It_(TV_series)=Let's Do It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vie_qui_bat=La Vie qui bat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midweek_(Canadian_TV_series)=Midweek (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_For_a_Sunday_Afternoon=Music For a Sunday Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_of_Eric_Wild=Music of Eric Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_'60=Music '60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Stand=Music Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Kind_of_Country_(TV_series)=My Kind of Country (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comin'_Up_Country=Comin' Up Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fly_with_Me_(1958_TV_series)=Come Fly with Me (1958 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communicate_(TV_series)=Communicate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_of_Space_(TV_series)=Conquest of Space (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Roads_(TV_series)=Country Roads (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Decision=Day of Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Sunshine_with_Myrna_Lorrie=Country Sunshine with Myrna Lorrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Documentary_'60=Documentary '60
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custard_Pie_(TV_series)=Custard Pie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosspoint=Crosspoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Mary=Just Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Fun_(TV_series)=Just for Fun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inquiry_(TV_series)=Inquiry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_to_See_(1957_TV_series)=Music to See (1957 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krazy_House=Krazy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynotes_(TV_series)=Keynotes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidosport=Kaleidosport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_(TV_series)=Encore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Jazz_Club=Commonwealth Jazz Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waktu_Rehat=Waktu Rehat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juedai_Shuangjiao_(1977_TV_series)=Juedai Shuangjiao (1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_PD=Campus PD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Crime=Real Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjog_Se_Bani_Sangini=Sanjog Se Bani Sangini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_Pawn=Hardcore Pawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Bollywood:_Super_Detective=Sally Bollywood: Super Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xin_Juedai_Shuangjiao=Xin Juedai Shuangjiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurse_Jeffrey=Nurse Jeffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uki_(TV_series)=Uki (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Money_(season_4)=I Love Money (season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarti_Party=Aarti Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Michael_Ball_Show=The Michael Ball Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winemakers=The Winemakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_and_Olivia=Orson and Olivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Box=Brain Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_King_(TV_series)=Star King (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Heart_(TV_series)=Strong Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Drama_'73=CBC Drama '73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceilidh_(TV_series)=Ceilidh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Had_One_But_He_Didn't_Like_It,_So_He_Gave_It_To_Us=Charlie Had One But He Didn't Like It, So He Gave It To Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charcoal_Chefs=Charcoal Chefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfoundland_Holiday=Newfoundland Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Producers'_Workshop=Producers' Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_to_See_(1970s_TV_series)=Music to See (1970s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_International=Centennial International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(TV_series)=Champion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Persons=Creative Persons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebration_(TV_series)=Celebration (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Moffett's_Science_Workshop=Professor Moffett's Science Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Playhouse=Purple Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Question_Mark_(1960s_TV_series)=Question Mark (1960s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re:_Fraynes=Re: Fraynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_Jamboree=Red River Jamboree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radisson_(TV_series)=Radisson (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_File=Regional File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounter_(1960_TV_series)=Encounter (1960 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounter_(1970s_TV_series)=Encounter (1970s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Film_Makers=New Film Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junwoo=Junwoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_and_Cloud_2=Wind and Cloud 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legendary_Siblings=The Legendary Siblings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legendary_Siblings_2=The Legendary Siblings 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Place_(U.S._TV_series)=Our Place (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_NASCAR=Inside NASCAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong_Yi_(TV_series)=Dong Yi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FireStation=FireStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongo_Wrestling_Alliance=Mongo Wrestling Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Journal=American Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Island_(TV_series)=Hope Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Twisted=Growing Up Twisted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shedding_for_the_Wedding=Shedding for the Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tripods_(TV_series)=The Tripods (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Kick!_(season_2)=High Kick! (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_School_Menace%3F=Faith School Menace?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_Kii_Ye_Ek_Kahaani=Pyaar Kii Ye Ek Kahaani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Yaman_ni_Lola=Ang Yaman ni Lola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumpet_City_(miniseries)=Strumpet City (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albanians_Got_Talent=Albanians Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converging_Lines=Converging Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_in_the_Air_(TV_series)=Music in the Air (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsfile=Newsfile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_from_Zoos=News from Zoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightcap_(1960s_TV_series)=Nightcap (1960s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nursery_School_Time=Nursery School Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now's_Your_Chance=Now's Your Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_All_People=Of All People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Profile=News Profile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFB_Film_Can=NFB Film Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Keefe_Centre_Presents=O'Keefe Centre Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Testament_Tales=Old Testament Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightcap_(1950s_TV_series)=Nightcap (1950s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Camera=On Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Canadian:_The_Political_Memoirs_of_the_Rt._Hon._John_G._Diefenbaker=One Canadian: The Political Memoirs of the Rt. Hon. John G. Diefenbaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_Time_(TV_series)=One More Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Northern_Summer=One Northern Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_Stand_(Canadian_TV_series)=One Night Stand (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_a_Kind_(1950s_TV_series)=One of a Kind (1950s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Guard_For_Thee=On Guard For Thee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Frontier_of_Space=On the Frontier of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooops!_(1970s_TV_series)=Ooops! (1970s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Stage_(TV_series)=On Stage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Voices_(Canadian_TV_series)=Other Voices (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlook_(1966_TV_series)=Outlook (1966 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_a_Kind_(1978_TV_series)=One of a Kind (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Fellow_Americans=Our Fellow Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacificanada=Pacificanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_(TV_series)=West (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tommy_Banks_Show=The Tommy Banks Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_New_(TV_series)=What's New (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlook_(1960_TV_series)=Outlook (1960 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostly_Encounters=Ghostly Encounters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranczo_(TV_series)=Ranczo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vexed=Vexed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Gorilla_(TV_series)=Mountain Gorilla (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_and_Numbers=Letters and Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_and_Love=Napoleon and Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Main_Chance=The Main Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suiensaa=Suiensaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelogue_(TV_show)=Travelogue (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef_Suomi=Top Chef Suomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Prep=Tower Prep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regency_House_Party=Regency House Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney's_Barrier_Reef=Barney's Barrier Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spin_Crowd=The Spin Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubworld=Hubworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teach:_Tony_Danza=Teach: Tony Danza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_(TV_series)=Giant (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Championship_Wrestling_from_Hollywood=Championship Wrestling from Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wydarzenia=Wydarzenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Servant=Bob Servant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grazilda=Grazilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wo_Yi_Ding_Yao_Cheng_Gong=Wo Yi Ding Yao Cheng Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibatora=Shibatora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Girl=Lost Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamp_People=Swamp People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampung_Boy_(TV_series)=Kampung Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starring_Boris_Karloff=Starring Boris Karloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Tracked_Down=Totally Tracked Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobitit=Hobitit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Increasingly_Poor_Decisions_of_Todd_Margaret=The Increasingly Poor Decisions of Todd Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Survival=Beyond Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt's_Monsters=Matt's Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_Show_(Irish_TV_series)=The Daily Show (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PM_Live=PM Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Camp_(variety_show)=Happy Camp (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PokerStars_Big_Game=PokerStars Big Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cazalets=The Cazalets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Express=Time Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Idiot_Abroad=An Idiot Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Gama'a_(TV_series)=Al-Gama'a (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantatay=Bantatay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitched=Hitched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Star_(Australia)=Beat the Star (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_the_Cut=Surviving the Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potter_(TV_series)=Potter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Is_Dead_(TV_series)=The King Is Dead (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Eden_(TV_series)=Murder in Eden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_B.B._Beegle_Show=The B.B. Beegle Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Pony:_Friendship_Is_Magic=My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Art_Made_the_World=How Art Made the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whaddyado=Whaddyado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_and_Chance:_The_Legend_Hunters=Real and Chance: The Legend Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Jones_and_Son=Miss Jones and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Shortcake's_Berry_Bitty_Adventures=Strawberry Shortcake's Berry Bitty Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Court=Love Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooking_for_Dads=Cooking for Dads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_Show=The Fast Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Eldest_Girl_Should_Get_Married=My Eldest Girl Should Get Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutschlands_MeisterKoch=Deutschlands MeisterKoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Picture_of_Katherine_Mansfield=A Picture of Katherine Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_(TV_series)=Jamie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Four_(TV_series)=Ball Four (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_Talk_Show=Anime Talk Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(miniseries)=Millennium (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arrangement_(TV_series)=The Arrangement (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_Eaters_(TLC_series)=Freaky Eaters (TLC series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar_and_the_Adventures_of_Badou=Babar and the Adventures of Badou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Quien_Baila=Mira Quien Baila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Him_&_Her=Him & Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podnebesnaya=Podnebesnaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Adventure_(TV_series)=Passport to Adventure (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorus_Anyone=Chorus Anyone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Summer_Symphonies=CBC Summer Symphonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Concert_Hour=CBC Concert Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Film_Festival=CBC Film Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chez_Nous_(TV_series)=Chez Nous (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorus_Gentlemen=Chorus Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parade_(TV_series)=Parade (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_with_Woofer=Pictures with Woofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Majority_(TV_series)=New Majority (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Bernard,_Psychiatrist=Paul Bernard, Psychiatrist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavilion_(TV_series)=Pavilion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_(TV_series)=People (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peanuts_and_Popcorn=Peanuts and Popcorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payday_(Canadian_TV_series)=Payday (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_and_Ernie=Pat and Ernie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_and_Places=People and Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_in_Parties=People in Parties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_and_Choose=Pick and Choose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_of_the_Week=Pick of the Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Talking_Back=People Talking Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pifffle_&_Co.=Pifffle & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Tolex=Planet Tolex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playground_(TV_series)=Playground (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_East,_Points_West=Points East, Points West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_(TV_series)=Portrait (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Profile=Prairie Profile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Spotlight=Prairie Spotlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time_(Canadian_TV_series)=Prime Time (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profile_(TV_series)=Profile (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profiles_(TV_series)=Profiles (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_Canada=Theatre Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barris_Beat=The Barris Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Program_X=Program X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneymakers=Moneymakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bill_Kenny_Show=The Bill Kenny Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Language_(TV_series)=Body Language (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Queen_(TV_series)=Beauty Queen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triunfo_del_amor_(telenovela)=Triunfo del amor (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Court_with_Judge_Ross=America's Court with Judge Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_England_'86=This Is England '86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_Las_Vegas_(2011)=The Real World: Las Vegas (2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yang's_Saga=The Yang's Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sous_le_signe_du_lion=Sous le signe du lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotita_de_amor=Gotita de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viewpoint_(Philippine_TV_series)=Viewpoint (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Kid=Eliot Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Jailhouse=Las Vegas Jailhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_Legends=Beast Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderlust_(TV_series)=Wanderlust (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryoku_Yummy=Maryoku Yummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey_Night_Live!=Hockey Night Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakes_and_Ladders_(TV_series)=Snakes and Ladders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Wars_(TV_series)=Border Wars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_Money!=Beer Money!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IShine_KNECT=IShine KNECT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/71_Degrees_North=71 Degrees North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_with_Lourd=History with Lourd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Hostages_(TV_series)=The Three Hostages (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_is..._(Belgium_&_The_Netherlands)=My Name is... (Belgium & The Netherlands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telford's_Change=Telford's Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benelux'_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_2)=Benelux' Next Top Model (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowler_(TV_series)=Bowler (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay's_Best_Restaurant=Ramsay's Best Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Milaayi_Jodi=Ram Milaayi Jodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogues'_Gallery_(TV_series)=Rogues' Gallery (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Regent_(TV_series)=Prince Regent (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portlandia_(TV_series)=Portlandia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_and_Carol_at_Carnegie_Hall=Julie and Carol at Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howe_&_Howe_Tech=Howe & Howe Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asar_Talo_Lahat_Panalo!=Asar Talo Lahat Panalo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck's_Day_Off=Chuck's Day Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Cuisine_with_Jeff_Corwin=Extreme Cuisine with Jeff Corwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Exotic=Everyday Exotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Delicioso=Simply Delicioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Ingredient_Fix=5 Ingredient Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_(TV_series)=Karma (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Coronation_Street=The Road to Coronation Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judie_Byrd's_Kitchen=Judie Byrd's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_Goddess=Spice Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieppe_(film)=Dieppe (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_on_Wheels_(TV_series)=Hell on Wheels (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraha_(TV_series)=Doraha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_(TV_series)=Camelot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_the_White_Hair_Maiden_(1995_TV_series)=The Romance of the White Hair Maiden (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_the_White_Hair_Maiden_(1986_TV_series)=The Romance of the White Hair Maiden (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_the_White_Haired_Maiden_(TV_series)=Romance of the White Haired Maiden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_aufs_Herz=Hand aufs Herz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wolf_(TV_series)=Star Wolf (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.U.F.F._Puppy=T.U.F.F. Puppy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Glam=House of Glam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Russell_Simmons=Running Russell Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourways_Farm=Fourways Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dastaan_(TV_series)=Dastaan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyna_(TV_series)=Alyna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_of_Red_Mansions_(2010_TV_series)=The Dream of Red Mansions (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_with_Austin_&_Santino=On the Road with Austin & Santino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Couple=The Accidental Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downton_Abbey=Downton Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorry_(TV_series)=Lorry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_Puppies_(2010_TV_series)=Pound Puppies (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Tough=That's Tough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sextuplets_Take_New_York=Sextuplets Take New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteorite_Men=Meteorite Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=The X Factor (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bacon's_Beer_&_Pizza_Club=Richard Bacon's Beer & Pizza Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Temple_(TV_series)=Paul Temple (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Samurai=Power Rangers Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C/o_Segemyhr=C/o Segemyhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howerd_Confessions=The Howerd Confessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(TV_series)=Gold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Rhod_Gilbert=Ask Rhod Gilbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snap_Judgment_(legal_comedy_show)=Snap Judgment (legal comedy show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingwu_Chen_Zhen=Jingwu Chen Zhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingwu_Yingxiong_Chen_Zhen=Jingwu Yingxiong Chen Zhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chithi_(TV_series)=Chithi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daam=Daam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Restoration=American Restoration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntoltse_Vita=Ntoltse Vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Jenks=World of Jenks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masr_El-Nahrda=Masr El-Nahrda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Cyber_Missions=Transformers: Cyber Missions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fons_and_Porter's_Love_of_Quilting=Fons and Porter's Love of Quilting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Rangers=Danger Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharktopus=Sharktopus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climbing_Great_Buildings=Climbing Great Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ti_Psyhi_Tha_Paradoseis_Mori%3F=Ti Psyhi Tha Paradoseis Mori?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benidorm_Bastards=Benidorm Bastards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off=The Great British Bake Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Wives=Sister Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_Entanglement=Legal Entanglement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Arena=In the Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Down_Under_(TV_series)=Doctor Down Under (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCI_Banks=DCI Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Nature=Weird Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_of_Scientology=The Secrets of Scientology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quints_by_Surprise=Quints by Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_Love=Reel Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Boss_(UK_TV_series)=Undercover Boss (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_the_Bride=Don't Tell the Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Mountbatten:_The_Last_Viceroy=Lord Mountbatten: The Last Viceroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Island_(TV_series)=Penguin Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strictly_Speaking_(TV_series)=Strictly Speaking (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whites_(TV_series)=Whites (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookery_Nook_(1970_TV_drama)=Rookery Nook (1970 TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookery_Nook_(1953_TV_drama)=Rookery Nook (1953 TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlest_Pet_Shop_(1995_TV_series)=Littlest Pet Shop (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_the_Game_(Irish_game_show)=Play the Game (Irish game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baarish_mein_deewar=Baarish mein deewar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Boss_Australia=Undercover Boss Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brivido_Giallo=Brivido Giallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Saints_(TV_series)=History of the Saints (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_One_(TV_series)=All for One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_80=Los 80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FnF_(TV_series)=FnF (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Power_(TV_series)=Star Power (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatski_Top_Model_(cycle_2)=Hrvatski Top Model (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_B:_It's_a_Scary_World=Mel B: It's a Scary World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spit_It_Out_(TV_series)=Spit It Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iba-Balita=Iba-Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koreana_(TV_series)=Koreana (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry_(drama)=Chemistry (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Stories_(2009_TV_series)=Ghost Stories (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danni_Lowinski=Danni Lowinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Miami=The Real Housewives of Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joseph_Smith_Papers_(TV_series)=The Joseph Smith Papers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(telenovela)=Aurora (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarchy:_The_Royal_Family_at_Work=Monarchy: The Royal Family at Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Migrations=Great Migrations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Pride=School Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undersea_World_of_Jacques_Cousteau=The Undersea World of Jacques Cousteau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_Season_Four=Bellator Fighting Championships: Season Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Daze_(TV_series)=Glory Daze (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinee's_Hello_Baby=Shinee's Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kourtney_and_Kim_Take_New_York=Kourtney and Kim Take New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auction_Kings=Auction Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_(U.S._TV_series)=The Killing (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusadh=Trusadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Prince_Harry=The Taking of Prince Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryada:_Lekin_Kab_Tak%3F=Maryada: Lekin Kab Tak?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Swardson's_Pretend_Time=Nick Swardson's Pretend Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shameless_(U.S._TV_series)=Shameless (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Australia:_Ashes_Special=Top Gear Australia: Ashes Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Nisi=To Nisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebert_Presents:_At_the_Movies=Ebert Presents: At the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_Charge=Doctor in Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_at_Sea_(TV_series)=Doctor at Sea (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_on_the_Go=Doctor on the Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_at_the_Top=Doctor at the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave's_One_Night_Stand=Dave's One Night Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rob_Brydon_Show=The Rob Brydon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorne_(TV_series)=Thorne (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Moves=Monster Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaozhuang_Mishi=Xiaozhuang Mishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Taizi_Mishi=Huang Taizi Mishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Person_(TV_series)=First Person (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Coffee=Bitter Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look:_The_Series=Look: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tera_Mujhse_Hai_Pehle_Ka_Naata_Koi=Tera Mujhse Hai Pehle Ka Naata Koi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feroz_(telenovela)=Feroz (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Brunei:_The_Spirit_of_Life=The Biggest Loser Brunei: The Spirit of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taizu_Mishi=Taizu Mishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_History_of_Kangxi=Secret History of Kangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_Father_(TV_series)=Single Father (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_the_House_(TV_series)=Doctor in the House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Way_Is_Essex=The Only Way Is Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Wives_(VH1_series)=Football Wives (VH1 series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcover_Mysteries_(TV_series)=Hardcover Mysteries (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Genevieve=Dear Genevieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aux_Weekly=Aux Weekly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soy_tu_fan=Soy tu fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Warriors_(TV_series)=The Young Warriors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chansons_(TV_series)=Chansons (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Cinema=Children's Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Festival=Chrysler Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_International=Circus International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cine_Club_(TV_series)=Cine Club (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarke,_Campbell_&_Co.=Clarke, Campbell & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_O'Connor=Club O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_(Canadian_TV_series)=Click (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Quotes=Colombo Quotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dance_with_Us=Come Dance with Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Roundup=Junior Roundup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens'_Forum_(TV_series)=Citizens' Forum (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintet_(TV_series)=Quintet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_in_English=Quebec in English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhapsody_(TV_series)=Rhapsody (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_High_(TV_series)=Riding High (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_On_(TV_series)=Right On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_Pals=Rhythm Pals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritter's_Cove=Ritter's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Suite_(TV_series)=Royal Suite (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruzicka_(TV_series)=Ruzicka (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Date_with_Billy_O'Connor=Saturday Date with Billy O'Connor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_for_Yourself=See for Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_on_Shows=Show on Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sight_and_Cast=Sight and Cast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Honourable_Members=Some Honourable Members
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Back_with_Jack=Sit Back with Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Assignment_(TV_series)=Special Assignment (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Your_Life_(1960s_TV_series)=Time of Your Life (1960s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_Good=Sounds Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viewpoint_(TV_series)=Viewpoint (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Once_They_Stood=Where Once They Stood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Sky_Begins=Where the Sky Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_It's_At_(TV_series)=Where It's At (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(TV_series)=Reflections (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replay_(TV_series)=Replay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_and_Conscience=Science and Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_of_Life_(TV_series)=Web of Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scope_(Canadian_TV_series)=Scope (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_Our_Times=People of Our Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promenade_Concert=Promenade Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Lesnar_vs._Team_dos_Santos=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Lesnar vs. Team dos Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Naam_Karegi_Roshan=Mera Naam Karegi Roshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Terrifying_Places_in_America=Most Terrifying Places in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Next_Big_Thing=Britain's Next Big Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Life_Aur_Lahore=Love, Life Aur Lahore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed's_Nite_In=Ed's Nite In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_ili_Propal=Pan ili Propal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna-Ben=Wanna-Ben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_a_Cold_Climate_(TV_serial)=Love in a Cold Climate (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_vs._Aliens_(TV_series)=Monsters vs. Aliens (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara_Clara_(2010_TV_series)=Mara Clara (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Deronda_(TV_serial)=Daniel Deronda (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yongzheng_Dynasty=Yongzheng Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujaki_na_Kankei=Mujaki na Kankei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Heat:_Miami=Beach Heat: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qianlong_Dynasty=Qianlong Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juanita_Banana=Juanita Banana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toonatics=Toonatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skating_with_the_Stars=Skating with the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Recipe_for_the_Heart=A Recipe for the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson's_Mother_Goose_Stories=Jim Henson's Mother Goose Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotellet=Hotellet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Chef_Australia=Iron Chef Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Harbor_(TV_series)=Safe Harbor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_of_the_Yard=Fabian of the Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_the_White_Hair_Brides=Legend of the White Hair Brides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woh=Woh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Belles_Histoires_des_pays_d'en_haut=Les Belles Histoires des pays d'en haut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Star_(Philippine_TV_series)=Little Star (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Station_(YouTube)=The Station (YouTube)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Ishq_Haaye=Yeh Ishq Haaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannchalay=Mannchalay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Veteran_(2006_film)=The Veteran (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playful_Kiss=Playful Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrol_ng_Pilipino=Patrol ng Pilipino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Arab_World=Project Runway Arab World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Han_Liu_Bang=Han Liu Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pen_Talar=Pen Talar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksyon_JournalisMO=Aksyon JournalisMO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlaamse_Hollywood_Vrouwen=Vlaamse Hollywood Vrouwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fee_Fi_Fo_Yum=Fee Fi Fo Yum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_et_princesses=Dragons et princesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles'_Sketch_Book=Orson Welles' Sketch Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Weaver_on_the_Horizon=A Weaver on the Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famous_Five_(1990s_TV_series)=The Famous Five (1990s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Cares=CBS Cares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapul_sa_Singko=Sapul sa Singko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishton_Se_Badi_Pratha=Rishton Se Badi Pratha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wil_Time_Bigtime=Wil Time Bigtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_in_Transylvania=Summer in Transylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_TV=Control TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Ghost_Story=My Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matti_Ki_Banno=Matti Ki Banno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Murray_Live=Paul Murray Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alagang_Kapatid=Alagang Kapatid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutok_Tulfo=Tutok Tulfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Jane's_Alien_Files=Sarah Jane's Alien Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uraan=Uraan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Tum_(TV_series)=Hum Tum (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Dragnet_episodes_(1989_series)=List of Dragnet episodes (1989 series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Sucroe=Robinson Sucroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_(TV_series)=How (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fran_Drescher_Show=The Fran Drescher Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_10_(TV_series)=Number 10 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Se_Diya_Vachan=Dil Se Diya Vachan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chloe's_Closet=Chloe's Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Women_(TV_series)=Police Women (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zheng_He_Xia_Xiyang_(TV_series)=Zheng He Xia Xiyang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangshan_Fengyu_Qing=Jiangshan Fengyu Qing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhizun_Hongyan=Zhizun Hongyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Blue_(TV_series)=Midnight Blue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Dinner=Friday Night Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founding_Emperor_of_Ming_Dynasty=Founding Emperor of Ming Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuanqi_Huangdi_Zhu_Yuanzhang=Chuanqi Huangdi Zhu Yuanzhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_Man_Lab=James May's Man Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadreality_Show=Nadreality Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mercy_Box=My Mercy Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansbridge_One_on_One=Mansbridge One on One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_in_a_Boat_(TV_series)=Three Men in a Boat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_herederos_del_Monte=Los herederos del Monte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Mateo=Doctor Mateo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questa_(TV_show)=Questa (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabang_Girls=Alabang Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_Bernard_Club=17 Bernard Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_en_Boogie=Kate en Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Easy_(TV_series)=The Big Easy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Girl_5_Gays=1 Girl 5 Gays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Summer_in_Transylvania_episodes=List of Summer in Transylvania episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam's_Next_Top_Model=Vietnam's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Horas_(Chilean_newscast)=24 Horas (Chilean newscast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muodin_huipulle_(season_1)=Muodin huipulle (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muodin_huipulle_(season_2)=Muodin huipulle (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spend,_Spend,_Spend_(play)=Spend, Spend, Spend (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer's_Pilots=Spencer's Pilots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Qing_Fengyun=Da Qing Fengyun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_Jamaica=Smile Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borgia_(TV_series)=Borgia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Dance_(German_TV_series)=Let's Dance (German TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_At_Seven-Thirty=News At Seven-Thirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Two_with_Phineas_and_Ferb=Take Two with Phineas and Ferb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_1949=Letter 1949
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tron:_Uprising=Tron: Uprising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickie_Finn's_(TV_series)=Mickie Finn's (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chief_(UK_TV_series)=The Chief (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rake_(Australian_TV_series)=Rake (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Hero=The Legend of Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Driver_Sweet_Lover=My Driver Sweet Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhoondh_Legi_Manzil_Humein=Dhoondh Legi Manzil Humein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balitaang_Tapat=Balitaang Tapat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_up_with_the_Joneses_(TV_series)=Keeping up with the Joneses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winners_&_Losers=Winners & Losers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Who_Still_Wants_to_Marry=The Woman Who Still Wants to Marry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenant_of_Wildfell_Hall_(1996_miniseries)=The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1996 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Adam_(TV_series)=All About Adam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospital_24/7=Hospital 24/7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedsitcom=Bedsitcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skins_(North_American_TV_series)=Skins (North American TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saas_Bina_Sasural=Saas Bina Sasural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaMisrad=HaMisrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zevo-3=Zevo-3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Treasure=Hollywood Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Mountain_Fort_Awesome=Secret Mountain Fort Awesome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trip_(2010_TV_series)=The Trip (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_World_of_Brambly_Hedge=The Enchanted World of Brambly Hedge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Atorni:_Asunto_o_Areglo=Public Atorni: Asunto o Areglo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Horror=A History of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcasts_(TV_series)=Outcasts (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show:_Reyes_del_Show=El Gran Show: Reyes del Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyranny_(TV_series)=Tyranny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesariya_Balam_Aavo_Hamare_Des=Kesariya Balam Aavo Hamare Des
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Monsters_(TV_series)=Little Monsters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_City=Mob City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_(drama)=Daddy (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Two_Ferns_with_Zach_Galifianakis=Between Two Ferns with Zach Galifianakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanilla_Ice_Project=The Vanilla Ice Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostalgia_Critic=Nostalgia Critic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Fall=Rabbit Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cool_Stuff_Collective=The Cool Stuff Collective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Crackers=Little Crackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_Mix=Master of the Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Aparicio=Las Aparicio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_News_Australia=Mandarin News Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaalat=Adaalat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Be_Me=Hard to Be Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystique_Valley=Mystique Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benson_Interruption=The Benson Interruption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Wolf_(2011_TV_series)=Teen Wolf (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vieni_via_con_me=Vieni via con me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_Rock=Married to Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoutout!=Shoutout!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Human_Heart_(TV_series)=Any Human Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Doctor=The Indian Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_South_Africa=Survivor South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Latin_America=Project Runway Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fade_Street=Fade Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Caspian/The_Voyage_of_the_Dawn_Treader_(1989_TV_serial)=Prince Caspian/The Voyage of the Dawn Treader (1989 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishtronaut=Fishtronaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadhaswaram_(TV_Series)=Nadhaswaram (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rak_Ter_Yod_Rak=Rak Ter Yod Rak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jillian:_Namamasko_Po=Jillian: Namamasko Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwarfina=Dwarfina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Proof=Weather Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_Britannia=Birds Britannia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Squiggling=Get Squiggling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_Show_Me=Show Me Show Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Money_Drop=Million Dollar Money Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_the_Trojan_War=In Search of the Trojan War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_X_(Chilean_TV_series)=Factor X (Chilean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Friggin'_Wedding=My Big Friggin' Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Holland=The Voice of Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Rooney's_Street_Striker=Wayne Rooney's Street Striker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppers_(TV_series)=Coppers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brew_Masters=Brew Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopi_Kade=Kopi Kade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwater_Blue=Freshwater Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musikantenstadl=Musikantenstadl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele13=Tele13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Personal_(TV_series)=Real Personal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Sports=World of Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert's_Web=Robert's Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Polykatoikia=I Polykatoikia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabel_(TV_series)=Sabel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgiven_(TV_series)=Unforgiven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_(Polish_TV_series)=X Factor (Polish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_West_Waikiki=One West Waikiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Happy=Show Me the Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Endell_Esquire=Charles Endell Esquire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homemade_Millionaire=Homemade Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridalplasty=Bridalplasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_fuerza_del_destino_(telenovela)=La fuerza del destino (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlightened_(TV_series)=Enlightened (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bait_Car_(TV_series)=Bait Car (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_In_(TV_series)=Breaking In (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.N.T._Farm=A.N.T. Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auction_Hunters=Auction Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostromo_(TV_serial)=Nostromo (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Difference=Big Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Albertans=The Albertans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway_Dragon=The Railway Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenski_Top_Model_(cycle_1)=Slovenski Top Model (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Science:_Power,_Proof_and_Passion=The Story of Science: Power, Proof and Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Couples_4=The Biggest Loser: Couples 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meu_Amor=Meu Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Wodehouse=The World of Wodehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaway_(TV_series)=Castaway (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Who_Like_Boys_Who_Like_Boys=Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Garden_(South_Korean_TV_series)=Secret Garden (South Korean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vigilantes_in_Masks=The Vigilantes in Masks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Journaal=Het Journaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_neu_Sgip%3F=Hip neu Sgip?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Octonauts=The Octonauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Angel=Urban Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_a_Sexual_Miscreant=The Adventures of a Sexual Miscreant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gylne_tider=Gylne tider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Great_Baker=Next Great Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Rush_(TV_series)=Gold Rush (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Wars=Storage Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Cab_(UK_game_show)=Cash Cab (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puso_ng_Pasko:_Artista_Challenge=Puso ng Pasko: Artista Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry:_A_Volatile_History=Chemistry: A Volatile History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaizoku_Sentai_Gokaiger=Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_Boyle's_Tramadol_Nights=Frankie Boyle's Tramadol Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigerian_Idol=Nigerian Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Throttle_Saloon=Full Throttle Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Fisher's_Murder_Mysteries=Miss Fisher's Murder Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drum_(TV_program)=The Drum (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_in_WA=Home in WA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_in_the_Park=Shark in the Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_Oak_Tree:_The_Series=Live at Oak Tree: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapsgaliwn=Rapsgaliwn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarissa_(TV_series)=Clarissa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbara_Walters'_10_Most_Fascinating_People=Barbara Walters' 10 Most Fascinating People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Fly_with_Me_(2010_TV_series)=Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Life_(film)=Museum of Life (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presidents_(film)=The Presidents (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounter_(TV_series)=Encounter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Heart_You,_Pare!=I Heart You, Pare!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krusada_(TV_series)=Krusada (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_Amor_(1997_telenovela)=Por Amor (1997 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Fairy=The Little Fairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XIII:_The_Series=XIII: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller:_Fool_Us=Penn & Teller: Fool Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadley!=Hadley!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Hits_Weekly_Hot30_Countdown=MTV Hits Weekly Hot30 Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnaben_Khakhrawala=Krishnaben Khakhrawala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slap_(TV_series)=The Slap (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_to_Dance=Live to Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book_(TV_series)=The Jungle Book (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Girl=Miracle Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Restaurant=The Family Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eco_Company=Eco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma's_Roadhouse=Ma's Roadhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khullja_Sim_Sim=Khullja Sim Sim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bear_Family_&_Me=The Bear Family & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Swing_(TV_series)=Full Swing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Yard_(TV_series)=Scotland Yard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_Life:_The_Drake_Equation=The Search for Life: The Drake Equation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Monsters=Me and My Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapnon_Se_Bhare_Naina=Sapnon Se Bhare Naina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Brown's_Boys=Mrs. Brown's Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_(TV_series)=Danny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twentysomething_(TV_series)=Twentysomething (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath_with_William_Shatner=Aftermath with William Shatner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prime_Radicals=The Prime Radicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_In_Wallop=Weekend In Wallop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piers_Morgan_Live=Piers Morgan Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeenat_Bint-e-Sakina_Hazir_Ho=Zeenat Bint-e-Sakina Hazir Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pops_in_Seoul=Pops in Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakhi_Ka_Insaaf=Rakhi Ka Insaaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morgana_Show=The Morgana Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Bites=News Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Thieves=Monkey Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovering_Psychology=Discovering Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaankhilavan_Jasoos=Jaankhilavan Jasoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brad_Meltzer's_Decoded=Brad Meltzer's Decoded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Anubis=House of Anubis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Fighter,_Lee_Hoe-young=Freedom Fighter, Lee Hoe-young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Stay_Together_(TV_series)=Let's Stay Together (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutally_Normal=Brutally Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Mom_2=Teen Mom 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danse_avec_les_stars=Danse avec les stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidental_Farmer=Accidental Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locke_&_Key_(TV_pilot)=Locke & Key (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHAOS_(TV_series)=CHAOS (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Room_(TV_series)=Music Room (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Together_(1999_TV_series)=Happy Together (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mornings_@_ANC=Mornings @ ANC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Satya=Tito Satya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_&_Ted's_Excellent_Adventures_(1992_TV_series)=Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagyavidhaata=Bhagyavidhaata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balika_Vadhu=Balika Vadhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Force=Lightning Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strauss_Family=The Strauss Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgettable=The Unforgettable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTSF:SD:SUV::=NTSF:SD:SUV::
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Stuart=Percy Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nativity_(2010_TV_series)=The Nativity (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Parker=Butler Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teochew_Family=The Teochew Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louie_Spence's_Showbusiness=Louie Spence's Showbusiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aise_Karo_Naa_Vidaa=Aise Karo Naa Vidaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Skies=Falling Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Are_the_One_(game_show)=If You Are the One (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_K=Superstar K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behemoth_(film)=Behemoth (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show!_Music_Core=Show! Music Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_Countdown=M Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Log=Burning Log
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Next_Great_Restaurant=America's Next Great Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poranek_TVN24=Poranek TVN24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsa_(TV_series)=Parsa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_City_(TV_series)=Super City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gayle_King_Show=The Gayle King Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_UK_(series_4)=The Biggest Loser UK (series 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onion_SportsDome=Onion SportsDome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_famous_women_in_Chinese_history=Those famous women in Chinese history
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graf_Yoster=Graf Yoster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcone_(TV_series)=Falcone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackpot_(Irish_TV_series)=Jackpot (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InSecurity=InSecurity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_Lopez:_Saved_By_the_Baby=Mario Lopez: Saved By the Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashkol_(TV_series)=Kashkol (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shehzori=Shehzori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Big_Break=Your Big Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_(1958_TV_series)=Spectrum (1958 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelque_Show=Quelque Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepinot_and_Capucine=Pepinot and Capucine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Corwin_Presents=Norman Corwin Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotlight_(CBC_TV_series)=Spotlight (CBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotlight_on_Film=Spotlight on Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Close-Up=Summer Close-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Evening=Summer Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Canada=Sunshine Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunspots_(TV_series)=Sunspots (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Billy_O'Connor_Show=The Billy O'Connor Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki_on_Science=Suzuki on Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_Seat=Story Seat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reluctant_Nation=Reluctant Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_(TV_series)=Strategy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Camping=Summer Camping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratusfaction_(TV_series)=Stratusfaction (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Sketches_(TV_series)=Sunshine Sketches (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countrytime_(1970s_TV_series)=Countrytime (1970s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countrytime_(1960s_TV_series)=Countrytime (1960s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_McLean_Show=The Bob McLean Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_in_Question=The Body in Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playdate_(CBC_TV_series)=Playdate (CBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_esposo_para_Estela=Un esposo para Estela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom_(TV_series)=Wisdom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Brothers_(1985_TV_series)=Ten Brothers (1985 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Love_Song=Forever Love Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Wu_(1984_TV_series)=Empress Wu (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Me_Not_Farm=Forget Me Not Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_and_the_Never_Land_Pirates=Jake and the Never Land Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_(TV_series)=Zen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Feuds=Food Feuds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zor_Ka_Jhatka:_Total_Wipeout=Zor Ka Jhatka: Total Wipeout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_Out_(2011_TV_series)=Lights Out (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Khiladi_Ek_Haseena_(TV_series)=Ek Khiladi Ek Haseena (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Kling_(TV_series)=John Kling (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Kratts=Wild Kratts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Roulette=Rapid Roulette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddities_(TV_series)=Oddities (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Brothers=Property Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Naked_Animals=Almost Naked Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6.30_with_George_Negus=6.30 with George Negus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_&_Ted's_Excellent_Adventures_(1990_TV_series)=Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventures (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saber_of_London=Saber of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Connection=Daily Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz_and_Hugh_Raise_the_Bar=Oz and Hugh Raise the Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Guns=Sons of Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Fattest_Man=Britain's Fattest Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Farm_(TV_series)=The Body Farm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_and_Fearless=Famous and Fearless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_XY_Factor=The XY Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_Time=Pass Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_State_Troopers_(TV_series)=Alaska State Troopers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Tooned_In=Totally Tooned In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria's_Next_Topmodel_(cycle_3)=Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four-Mations=Four-Mations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_of_Invention=Dean of Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Sissi=Princess Sissi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_Ben_Nemsi_Effendi=Kara Ben Nemsi Effendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Corners_(U.S._TV_series)=Four Corners (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_and_Islam_(documentary)=Science and Islam (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Tonight=America Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jono_and_Ben_at_Ten=Jono and Ben at Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huey's_Kitchen=Huey's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seeds_of_Life=The Seeds of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_and_Dom's_Funny_Business=Dick and Dom's Funny Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X-Life=The X-Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Film_Report=World Film Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Top_Model_Romania=Next Top Model Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom_P.I.=Mom P.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India's_Magic_Star=India's Magic Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun,_Sex_and_Suspicious_Parents=Sun, Sex and Suspicious Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajama_Party_(TV_series)=Pajama Party (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfection_(game_show)=Perfection (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets_101=Pets 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maths_Mansion=Maths Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewise=Edgewise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo_K3_(TV_series)=Hallo K3 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_8)=MTV Roadies (season 8)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Women_of_Cincinnati=Police Women of Cincinnati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Clutter_with_Peter_Walsh=Extreme Clutter with Peter Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Angels_(2011_TV_series)=Charlie's Angels (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_on_Orsum_Island=Adventures on Orsum Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machete_(TV_series)=Machete (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tool_Academy_(UK_TV_series)=Tool Academy (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilus_the_Sandman=Nilus the Sandman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Wild_Alaska=Flying Wild Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_(TV_series)=Slide (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alakdana=Alakdana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Sunday_Night_Show=That Sunday Night Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_&_Ally=Austin & Ally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringer_(TV_series)=Ringer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Princess_(TV_series)=My Princess (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline_Philippines=Dateline Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ricky_Gervais_Show_(animated_series)=The Ricky Gervais Show (animated series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Court=Curtis Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Favorite_Fairy_Tales=My Favorite Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodley_(TV_series)=Woodley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outland_(TV_series)=Outland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laid_(TV_series)=Laid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crownies=Crownies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_in_Her_Hands=Destiny in Her Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Kinda_Love=Brooklyn Kinda Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukti_Bandhan=Mukti Bandhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Barco_(TV_series)=El Barco (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaya_(TV_series)=Amaya (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Time_(TV_series)=Killing Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supah_Ninjas=Supah Ninjas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problem_Solverz=The Problem Solverz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_(TV_series)=Heavy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_and_Friends=Franklin and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_hombre_y_la_Tierra=El hombre y la Tierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Durward_(TV_series)=Quentin Durward (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_que_se_avecina=La que se avecina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomeriggio_Cinque=Pomeriggio Cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattino_Cinque=Mattino Cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenica_Cinque=Domenica Cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necessary_Roughness_(TV_series)=Necessary Roughness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant:_Impossible=Restaurant: Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_and_Joan=Hancock and Joan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_O'Clock_Live=10 O'Clock Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eckhart_(TV_series)=Eckhart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Hills_Tonight=Adam Hills Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_(TV_series)=Princess (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Luna_(telenovela)=Eva Luna (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parazit=Parazit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_de_Nuevo_(telenovela)=Amar de Nuevo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_of_Eternal_Flower=My Sister of Eternal Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_City:_Seattle=Jump City: Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OK!_TV=OK! TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_U_Zindagi=Love U Zindagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DietTribe=DietTribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Catchphrase=Family Catchphrase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal_Tem_Talento=Portugal Tem Talento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Legend=The King of Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Rush_Zone=NFL Rush Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stafford_Brothers_(TV_series)=The Stafford Brothers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel's_Friends=Angel's Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glee_Project=The Glee Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_TV_Ruined_Your_Life=How TV Ruined Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shalom_Show=The Shalom Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuelo_secreto=Vuelo secreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperio_de_Cristal=Imperio de Cristal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Game:_Spawn_Point=Good Game: Spawn Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Guppies=Bubble Guppies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boku_no_Ikiru_Michi=Boku no Ikiru Michi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yume_de_Aimashou=Yume de Aimashou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suna_no_Utsuwa_(2004_TV_series)=Suna no Utsuwa (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshitsune_(TV_series)=Yoshitsune (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_There_with_Melissa_DiMarco=Out There with Melissa DiMarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlightPathTV=FlightPathTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fat_Gypsy_Weddings=Big Fat Gypsy Weddings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Person_(1996_TV_series)=In Person (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise_(2011_TV_serial)=The Promise (2011 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Boss=Kitchen Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halad_sa_Kapamilya=Halad sa Kapamilya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herederos_de_una_venganza=Herederos de una venganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Off_(TV_series)=Face Off (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7.30=7.30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_&_Sparkles'_Magical_Tales=William & Sparkles' Magical Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toybox_(TV_series)=Toybox (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_Again_(2010_TV_series)=Smile Again (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_(TV_series)=President (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babaeng_Hampaslupa=Babaeng Hampaslupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Unknown_with_Josh_Bernstein=Into the Unknown with Josh Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Athens=The Real Housewives of Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grid_(U.S._TV_series)=The Grid (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reputable_Family=The Reputable Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangunahing_Balita=Pangunahing Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Parkour_Challenge=Ultimate Parkour Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Express=Comedy Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usta_usta=Usta usta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noticias_Uno=Noticias Uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cenicienta_(TV_show)=La Cenicienta (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khotey_Sikkey=Khotey Sikkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Mask_(TV_special)=The Haunted Mask (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magicians_(TV_series)=The Magicians (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonight_with_Vincent_Browne=Tonight with Vincent Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Used_to_Be_Fat=I Used to Be Fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Strange_Addiction=My Strange Addiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Class_(TV_series)=Working Class (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie_J=Sadie J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatraz_(TV_series)=Alcatraz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alys_(TV_series)=Alys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Player=Go Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_and_the_Generals=Churchill and the Generals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsline_(Thailand)=Newsline (Thailand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadagiri_Unlimited=Dadagiri Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalam_Nawaem=Kalam Nawaem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Paddy_the_Pelican=The Adventures of Paddy the Pelican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nita_Negrita=Nita Negrita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UKHot40=UKHot40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_Human=Becoming Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Tendulkar=Mrs. Tendulkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Britain_with_Ray_Mears=Wild Britain with Ray Mears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busy_Buses=Busy Buses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Lovett=I, Lovett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Stayed_Out_All_Night=Mary Stayed Out All Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_High=Dream High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Top_Model_Romania_(cycle_1)=Next Top Model Romania (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Water_(U.S._TV_series)=On the Water (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Indonesia=MasterChef Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Rush_(TV_series)=Head Rush (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizard_Lick_Towing=Lizard Lick Towing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drew_Carey's_Improv-A-Ganza=Drew Carey's Improv-A-Ganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchlands=Marchlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majority_Rules!=Majority Rules!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Georgia_(TV_series)=State of Georgia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surabhi_(TV_series)=Surabhi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Greece=MasterChef Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Four_(2001_film)=The Sign of Four (2001 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_Keys=19 Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi!_Padosi..._Kaun_Hai_Doshi%3F=Hi! Padosi... Kaun Hai Doshi?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhawi_Jack=Buhawi Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madagascar_(TV_series)=Madagascar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lock_Up_(TV_series)=The Lock Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Fortune=Secret Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Wendt_Show=The George Wendt Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospoda=Hospoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaster_Eyewitness=Disaster Eyewitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock:_The_Mystery_of_the_Manor_House=Young Sherlock: The Mystery of the Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_Me=My Life Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_of_the_Day_Kickabout=Match of the Day Kickabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Random_Years=The Random Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lego_Ninjago:_Masters_of_Spinjitzu=Lego Ninjago: Masters of Spinjitzu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switched_at_Birth_(TV_series)=Switched at Birth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Live_(New_Zealand)=Four Live (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Vault=Inside the Vault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpoppables=The Unpoppables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Elton_Live_from_Planet_Earth=Ben Elton Live from Planet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway's_Next_Top_Model,_Cycle_7=Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delusional_Downtown_Divas=Delusional Downtown Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Wall_(TV_series)=Against the Wall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Fish_(TV_series)=Go Fish (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Line_(TV_series)=The Shadow Line (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucket_&_Skinner's_Epic_Adventures=Bucket & Skinner's Epic Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basmat_Watan=Basmat Watan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrymore_(TV_series)=Barrymore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_Say_the_Funniest_Things=Kids Say the Funniest Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dogs_(TV_series)=Mad Dogs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucidity_(web_series)=Lucidity (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helicopter_Heroes=Helicopter Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_a_Millionaire%3F_(Ugandan_game_show)=Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? (Ugandan game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Lately=After Lately
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mana_Po=Mana Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiyas_(TV_series)=Hiyas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas_(2012_TV_series)=Dallas (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan_(documentary)=Genghis Khan (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1066_The_Battle_for_Middle_Earth=1066 The Battle for Middle Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_MasterChef_Pinoy_Edition=Junior MasterChef Pinoy Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Normans_(TV_series)=The Normans (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_(TV_series)=The Passion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Heart=Scarlet Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charice:_Home_for_Valentine's=Charice: Home for Valentine's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_College_Football=Fox College Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Old_Christine=The New Adventures of Old Christine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Some_In!=Get Some In!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Star_K!=All Star K!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_(TV_series)=Smash (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_&_Mat=Pat & Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zone_Fighter=Zone Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_of_Poland,_New_Hampshire=The Brotherhood of Poland, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(1996_TV_series)=Richie Rich (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time..._Man=Once Upon a Time... Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HypaSpace=HypaSpace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheat!=Cheat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion_Market=Albion Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernanny=Supernanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASAP_(variety_show)=ASAP (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_U.S.=Weird U.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ned_&_Stacey=Ned & Stacey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.W.A.T._(TV_series)=S.W.A.T. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_a_Life_(TV_series)=Get a Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PEP_(People,_Events_and_Places)_Talk=PEP (People, Events and Places) Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Teen_Sex=The Joy of Teen Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd_in_Space=Lloyd in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_King=Sky King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_at_the_Apollo=Showtime at the Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Weasel=I Am Weasel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant_&_Dec's_Saturday_Night_Takeaway=Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance-2-Nite=Dance-2-Nite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibuhara_Girls=Shibuhara Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith:_Too_Fat_for_40=Kevin Smith: Too Fat for 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Age:_Redemption=Dragon Age: Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_(game_show)=Fantasy (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Almighty_Johnsons=The Almighty Johnsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rencor_apasionado=Rencor apasionado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(2000_film)=The Hound of the Baskervilles (2000 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saladused=Saladused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Pregnant_and...=I'm Pregnant and...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Border_Force_(TV_series)=UK Border Force (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_This_House_(U.S._TV_series)=Bless This House (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyprawa_Robinson=Wyprawa Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Elton:_The_Man_from_Auntie=Ben Elton: The Man from Auntie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Meal_Time=Epic Meal Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housos=Housos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Power_(TVB)=The Super Power (TVB)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Elegance=Everyday Elegance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kung_Fu_Master_(TV_series)=The Kung Fu Master (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politician's_Wife=The Politician's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sparticle_Mystery=The Sparticle Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neighbors_(game_show)=The Neighbors (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Advice_(TV_series)=Good Advice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bleus_de_Ramville=Les Bleus de Ramville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreck_Chasers=Wreck Chasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Picture_with_Thom_Hartmann=The Big Picture with Thom Hartmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chespirito_(TV_series)=Chespirito (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Me_(Canadian_TV_series)=Cover Me (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsan_Lang_Kita_Iibigin=Minsan Lang Kita Iibigin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquistadors_(TV_series)=Conquistadors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebels_and_Redcoats=Rebels and Redcoats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ffermio=Ffermio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Utol_Kong_Hoodlum=Ang Utol Kong Hoodlum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Law_(2012_TV_series)=Common Law (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gangster_Chronicles=The Gangster Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_White_(TV_series)=Black & White (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Riding_(2011_miniseries)=South Riding (2011 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_of_Love=Storm of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Point=Lightning Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidekick_(TV_series)=Sidekick (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_the_Nation_with_Jessica_Soho=State of the Nation with Jessica Soho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef_Canada=Top Chef Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_(TV_series)=Silk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andar_ng_mga_Balita_(TV_newscast)=Andar ng mga Balita (TV newscast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_at_the_Movies=ITV at the Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suits_(TV_series)=Suits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pani_Jaisa_Piyar=Pani Jaisa Piyar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Abdul_Qadir_Hoon=Main Abdul Qadir Hoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaid-e-Tanhai=Qaid-e-Tanhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chock_(TV_Series)=Chock (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Crane_Show=The Bob Crane Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Palayok=Magic Palayok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Ends_(UK_TV_series)=Split Ends (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Ends_(U.S._TV_series)=Split Ends (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lover,_My_Wife=My Lover, My Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Forrester_(TV_series)=Joe Forrester (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_familia_con_suerte=Una familia con suerte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_toca_la_campana=Cuando toca la campana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ni_contigo_ni_sin_ti=Ni contigo ni sin ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1965_TV_series)=Sherlock Holmes (1965 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Scandal=The Royal Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasaan_Ka_Elisa%3F=Nasaan Ka Elisa?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Stairs=Cloud Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Challenge_Camp=Summer Challenge Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Over_the_Place_(TV_series)=All Over the Place (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_(TV_series)=The Voice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_(U.S._TV_series)=The Voice (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racism:_A_History=Racism: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Love_Cats=Must Love Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_on_Tyson=Taking on Tyson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big,_Bigger,_Biggest=Big, Bigger, Biggest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Mary-Kate=Very Mary-Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iba-Balita_Ngayon=Iba-Balita Ngayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_Greece=Survivor Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vettai_:_Pledged_to_Hunt=Vettai : Pledged to Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Land_of_the_Tiger=Lost Land of the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lying_Game=The Lying Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_Lives_of_Chloe_King=The Nine Lives of Chloe King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Comedy_(Ukraine)=Real Comedy (Ukraine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Circle_(TV_series)=The Secret Circle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipo_de_Clown=Pipo de Clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bashir_(TV_series)=Martin Bashir (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Justice=True Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Karma=Bar Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaby_Rudge_(TV_series)=Barnaby Rudge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Changed_My_Life=Jade Changed My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade's_P.A=Jade's P.A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhajje_Chhajje_Ka_Pyaar=Chhajje Chhajje Ka Pyaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Head=Against the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Bisping_vs._Team_Miller=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Bisping vs. Team Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mula_Sa_Puso_(2011_TV_series)=Mula Sa Puso (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebelde_(Brazilian_telenovela)=Rebelde (Brazilian telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_World_of_Gumball=The Amazing World of Gumball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_Charlie_(TV_series)=Champagne Charlie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Grand_Prix_del_verano=El Grand Prix del verano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonders_of_the_Universe=Wonders of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrid_in_Wonderland=Astrid in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Aubrey=All About Aubrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_&_Dean:_sTORIbook_Weddings=Tori & Dean: sTORIbook Weddings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Fei_Hung_Series=Wong Fei Hung Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para_volver_a_amar_(telenovela)=Para volver a amar (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cielo_rojo=Cielo rojo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Boss_Norge=Undercover Boss Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_la_del_Barrio_(Philippine_TV_series)=Maria la del Barrio (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firstline=Firstline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soy_gitano=Soy gitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_America_with_Lisa_Ling=Our America with Lisa Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_of_Omission=Lives of Omission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokhav_Nolad_9=Kokhav Nolad 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica's_Gang_(TV_series)=Monica's Gang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kismat_(TV_series)=Kismat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Brown's_Journal=Tony Brown's Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean-Claude_Van_Damme:_Behind_Closed_Doors=Jean-Claude Van Damme: Behind Closed Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCAA_March_Madness_(CBS/Turner)=NCAA March Madness (CBS/Turner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisid_(TV_series)=Sisid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spice_Trail=The Spice Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Gently_(TV_series)=Dirk Gently (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setup_Squad=Setup Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Stove=Hot Stove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_gURLs_wURLd=A gURLs wURLd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipdap=Dipdap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThunderCats_(2011_TV_series)=ThunderCats (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_4's_Comedy_Gala_(2011)=Channel 4's Comedy Gala (2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_4's_Comedy_Gala_(2010)=Channel 4's Comedy Gala (2010)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_in_Law_(TV_series)=Brothers in Law (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grachi=Grachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Twelve=Twenty Twelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jo_Stafford_Show_(1954_TV_series)=The Jo Stafford Show (1954 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(TV_series)=Endgame (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Escargot_(TV_series)=L'Escargot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_Mein_Twist_(TV_series)=Pyaar Mein Twist (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_live_(TV_series)=U live (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sejuta_Cinta_Marshanda=Sejuta Cinta Marshanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Mano_Balita=Buena Mano Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp:_Extreme_World=Ross Kemp: Extreme World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up_Warthogs!=What's Up Warthogs!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Design=Let's Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jo_Stafford_Show_(1961_TV_series)=The Jo Stafford Show (1961 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dockers_(film)=Dockers (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Easy_(TV_series)=Swing Easy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Festival_(TV_series)=Summer Festival (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Sounds_'66=Summer Sounds '66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingalong=Swingalong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Gently=Swing Gently
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Cinema=Canadian Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzer_Unlimited=Switzer Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Look_(TV_series)=Take a Look (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Time_with_Noel_Harrison=Take Time with Noel Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tee_to_Green=Tee to Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homemade_TV=Homemade TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_of_My_Best_Friends_are_Men=Some of My Best Friends are Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerscope=Summerscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_(Canadian_TV_series)=Sunday (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Evidence=On the Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Par_27=Par 27
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Pops_Series=Sunday Pops Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Best_(Canadian_TV_series)=Sunday Best (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingaround=Swingaround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_(TV_series)=Juliette (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_and_Margarita_(1988_TV_series)=The Master and Margarita (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_and_Margarita_(1994_film)=The Master and Margarita (1994 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monumental_Challenge=Monumental Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Dolphin_Bay=At Dolphin Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigada_(TV_show)=Brigada (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srpski_Top_Model=Srpski Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Rivals=The Challenge: Rivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_City_(TV_series)=Magic City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_(TV_series)=Boss (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_4)=Italia's Next Top Model (cycle 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Babysitter's_a_Vampire_(TV_series)=My Babysitter's a Vampire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_in_America_with_Larry_the_Cable_Guy=Only in America with Larry the Cable Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anhoniyon_Ka_Andhera=Anhoniyon Ka Andhera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_(TV_series)=Kate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Baby=Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperatriz=Emperatriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_(1971_TV_series)=Justice (1971 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yacaranday=Yacaranday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Halifax,_Gentleman_(TV_series)=John Halifax, Gentleman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avenue_(web_series)=The Avenue (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Horror_Story=American Horror Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zindagi_Dhoop_Tum_Ghana_Saya=Zindagi Dhoop Tum Ghana Saya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_Men_(TV_series)=Mud Men (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maayke_Se_Bandhi_Dor=Maayke Se Bandhi Dor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_Raiders_2=Junk Raiders 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_viuda_joven=La viuda joven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich,_Famous_and_in_the_Slums=Rich, Famous and in the Slums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Vibes_(Philippine_TV_series)=Good Vibes (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Ka_Maha_Muqabala=Comedy Ka Maha Muqabala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Days_to_Heaven=100 Days to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pini_(web_series)=Pini (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Model_po-russki=Top Model po-russki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_Hunter=Beast Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstone_(TV_series)=Blackstone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happily_Divorced=Happily Divorced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophia_and_Constance=Sophia and Constance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafaela_(telenovela)=Rafaela (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasamba_3G=Hasamba 3G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Doctors:_Your_Life_in_Their_Hands=Junior Doctors: Your Life in Their Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_Turkey=Survivor Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcel's_Quantum_Kitchen=Marcel's Quantum Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Luck_Nikki=Best of Luck Nikki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Dog=Good Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Rescue_Bots=Transformers: Rescue Bots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/49_Days=49 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You_(TV_series)=Love You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_Change_(TV_series)=Oil Change (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Girls_(1994_TV_series)=Daddy's Girls (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detonators_(TV_series)=The Detonators (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_with_Hackett=Stuck with Hackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_Next_Door_(telenovela)=The House Next Door (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Not%3F_with_Shania_Twain=Why Not? with Shania Twain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disorder_in_the_Court_(TV_series)=Disorder in the Court (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(2011_TV_series)=King (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valiant_Years=The Valiant Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_If_You_Can=Sing If You Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Wars_(TV_series)=Wedding Wars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Limelight=In the Limelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balita_Pilipinas=Balita Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_to_Go=News to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatest_Tank_Battles=Greatest Tank Battles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Time_Gangster=Small Time Gangster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganga_Kii_Dheej=Ganga Kii Dheej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fern_(TV_series)=Fern (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie's_Dream_School=Jamie's Dream School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagonwali-Baante_Apni_Taqdeer=Bhagonwali-Baante Apni Taqdeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Investigators_(TruTV_series)=The Investigators (TruTV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_TV_(TV_series)=Me TV (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heston's_Feasts=Heston's Feasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Home_for_Dinner=Be Home for Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inbetweeners_(U.S._TV_series)=The Inbetweeners (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddsworld=Eddsworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_(2012_miniseries)=Titanic (2012 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zone_Interdite_(TV_program)=Zone Interdite (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Date_with_a_Vampire_III=My Date with a Vampire III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jailbait_(web_series)=Jailbait (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaredy_Squirrel_(TV_series)=Scaredy Squirrel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobbed=Mobbed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_of_Tomorrow=Stars of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokhav_Nolad_5=Kokhav Nolad 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild,_Wild_World_of_Animals=Wild, Wild World of Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Show_with_Norm_Macdonald=Sports Show with Norm Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaala_Saaya=Kaala Saaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Billing_(TV_show)=Top Billing (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curiosity_(TV_series)=Curiosity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Car_Kings=Desert Car Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Home=Glass Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confession_(TV_series)=The Confession (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamaari_Beti_Raaj_Karegi=Hamaari Beti Raaj Karegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halt_and_Catch_Fire_(TV_series)=Halt and Catch Fire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cain_and_Abel_(TV_series)=Cain and Abel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Shrines=Soccer Shrines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Malaysia=MasterChef Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Cabs=Candy Cabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_in_Court=See You in Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilis_Balita=Bilis Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marumo_no_Okite=Marumo no Okite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Van_Man_(TV_series)=White Van Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_(2011_TV_series)=Justice (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_(TV_series)=Spencer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Tamang_Balita=May Tamang Balita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey's_Farm=Mickey's Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naor's_Friends=Naor's Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessie_(TV_series)=Jessie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Kombat:_Legacy=Mortal Kombat: Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_at_Work=The British at Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Croatia=MasterChef Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Box_(talk_show)=Star Box (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_calle_de_las_novias=La calle de las novias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beagle:_In_Darwin's_wake=Beagle: In Darwin's wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_(Australian_TV_series)=The Outsiders (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Dance_Battle=The Ultimate Dance Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Retribution_(TV_series)=Divine Retribution (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Shock_(game_show)=Time Shock (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Can't_Wait_(TV_series)=Love Can't Wait (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repo_Games=Repo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midas_(TV_series)=Midas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Okay,_Daddy's_Girl=It's Okay, Daddy's Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flames_of_Desire=Flames of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Decision=The Big Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Confidence=In Confidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benidorm_(TV_series)=Benidorm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubahu=Hubahu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigilante_Force_(TV_series)=Vigilante Force (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Scientist_Toon_Club=Mad Scientist Toon Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulton_&_Co=Boulton & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_Balkan_Music_Awards=2011 Balkan Music Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Hip_Hop=Love & Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Malaika_Ghana=Miss Malaika Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambhav_Asambhav=Sambhav Asambhav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_&_Teller_Tell_a_Lie=Penn & Teller Tell a Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sim_Sim_Hamara=Sim Sim Hamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Rush=Triple Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Superstar=Kitchen Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katakan_Katamu=Katakan Katamu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Lottery_Draws=The National Lottery Draws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranking_1_(Indonesian_game_show)=Ranking 1 (Indonesian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stockard_Channing_Show=The Stockard Channing Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovision:_Your_Country_Needs_Blue=Eurovision: Your Country Needs Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me'usharot=Me'usharot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chew=The Chew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_Season_Five=Bellator Fighting Championships: Season Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Rock=How to Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Giants:_The_Birth_of_Cleo=Paper Giants: The Birth of Cleo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Bang-a-Bang:_50_Years_of_Eurovision=Boom Bang-a-Bang: 50 Years of Eurovision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstage_(South_Africa)=Backstage (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_by_Design=Jane by Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mga_Nagbabagang_Bulaklak=Mga Nagbabagang Bulaklak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaaner_Oparey=Gaaner Oparey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckoning_(TV_series)=The Reckoning (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skip_Beat!_(TV_series)=Skip Beat! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHInoyTV=CHInoyTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_POV=Police POV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargazing_Live=Stargazing Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srpski_Top_Model_(cycle_1)=Srpski Top Model (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Cooking_Kids=Amazing Cooking Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misteryo=Misteryo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statesmen_of_Comedy=Statesmen of Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Par_Is_Dil_Ko_Kaise_Samjaye=Par Is Dil Ko Kaise Samjaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Hurts=Pretty Hurts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Se_Fonto_Kokkino=Se Fonto Kokkino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sex_Education_Show=The Sex Education Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munting_Heredera=Munting Heredera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tween_Hearts=Tween Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Western_Front_(TV_series)=The Western Front (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khuda_Aur_Muhabbat=Khuda Aur Muhabbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garage_Club=Garage Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knick=The Knick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Food=Famous Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_2011_Summer_Series=Bellator Fighting Championships: 2011 Summer Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detectives_in_Trouble=Detectives in Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Hospital=Combat Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasural_Simar_Ka=Sasural Simar Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Scare_the_Hare=Don't Scare the Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitting_Pretty_(TV_series)=Sitting Pretty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_History_of_Eurovision=The Secret History of Eurovision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinny_&_Susannah:_Stylar_om_Sverige=Trinny & Susannah: Stylar om Sverige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phulwa=Phulwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surya_The_Super_Cop=Surya The Super Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Me=Really Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_and_Black_(TV_series)=Scarlet and Black (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_Off_with_Ayshea=Lift Off with Ayshea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braxton_Family_Values=Braxton Family Values
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_in_the_Dark_(U.S._TV_series)=Dating in the Dark (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_It_Together_(TV_series)=Get It Together (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Trucker=American Trucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockard_Channing_in_Just_Friends=Stockard Channing in Just Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fault_Lines_(TV_series)=Fault Lines (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Fat_for_15:_Fighting_Back=Too Fat for 15: Fighting Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Call:_Serbisyong_Totoo._Ngayon.=On Call: Serbisyong Totoo. Ngayon.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzilein_Apani_Apani=Manzilein Apani Apani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_State:_The_New_Class=Paranormal State: The New Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaway_(TV_series)=The Runaway (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Without_George=Life Without George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debra!=Debra!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_Wives=Mob Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh_Out_Loud_(TV_series)=Laugh Out Loud (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Am_(TV_series)=Pan Am (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_Kasama_si_Vicky_Morales=Good News Kasama si Vicky Morales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andres_de_Saya=Andres de Saya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Int'l_After_School=Int'l After School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Harvard_Time=On Harvard Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooky_Nights=Spooky Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Boy_(TV_series)=E-Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majors_&_Minors=Majors & Minors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inu_o_Kau_to_Iu_Koto=Inu o Kau to Iu Koto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircrash_Confidential=Aircrash Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybershack=Cybershack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mounted_in_Alaska=Mounted in Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_N'_Butter=Bread N' Butter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_(TV_series)=Vera (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_(TV_series)=Exile (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaarvan_Kismat_Ka=Kaarvan Kismat Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unexplained_(2011_TV_series)=The Unexplained (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blusang_Itim=Blusang Itim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_The_Earth_Nearly_Died=The Day The Earth Nearly Died
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flow_with_Affion_Crockett=In the Flow with Affion Crockett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_in_the_Dark_(UK_TV_series)=Dating in the Dark (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apno_Ke_Liye_Geeta_Ka_Dharmayudh=Apno Ke Liye Geeta Ka Dharmayudh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_America=Inspector America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Chelsea=Made in Chelsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabhi_To_Milenge=Kabhi To Milenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2011_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2011 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Theatre=Academy Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zazoo_U=Zazoo U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.O.B._Spezialauftrag=I.O.B. Spezialauftrag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Greedy_Italians=Two Greedy Italians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star's_Lover=Star's Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asphalt_Man=Asphalt Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martha_Wright_Show=The Martha Wright Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_According_to_Paris=The World According to Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hal_Lindsey_Report=The Hal Lindsey Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bade_Achhe_Lagte_Hain=Bade Achhe Lagte Hain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pregnant_in_Heels=Pregnant in Heels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billion_Dollar_Day=Billion Dollar Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.L._Stryker=B.L. Stryker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Surrender_(TV_series)=Sweet Surrender (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_amo_a_Paquita_Gallego=Yo amo a Paquita Gallego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_in_the_Dark_Australia=Dating in the Dark Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Dollar_Drop=The Million Dollar Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coke_Studio_(India)=Coke Studio (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan*tastik=Fan*tastik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Track_Love=Fast Track Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_Room=The Beat Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantecoza=Mantecoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beend_Banoongaa_Ghodi_Chadhunga=Beend Banoongaa Ghodi Chadhunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishton_Ke_Bhanwar_Mein_Uljhi_Niyati=Rishton Ke Bhanwar Mein Uljhi Niyati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanskaar_Laxmi=Sanskaar Laxmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Nayi_Chhoti_Si_Zindagi=Ek Nayi Chhoti Si Zindagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restol,_The_Special_Rescue_Squad=Restol, The Special Rescue Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Their_Footsteps=In Their Footsteps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2011=Star Awards 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bolt_Report=The Bolt Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nail_Polish_(TV_serial)=Nail Polish (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Passion_for_Churches=A Passion for Churches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Harald_Schmidt_Show=Die Harald Schmidt Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline_Pakistan=Dateline Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_West_End_Theatres=Great West End Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_a_Disaster=Anatomy of a Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Badges=Broken Badges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Brockelman,_Private_Eye=Richie Brockelman, Private Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Download=Friday Download
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(docudrama)=Atlantis (docudrama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proving_Ground_(TV_series)=Proving Ground (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartstrings_(TV_series)=Heartstrings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Doctor=The Children's Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hunter_(TV_series)=City Hunter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krovim_Krovim=Krovim Krovim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punky_(TV_series)=Punky (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Hit=Platinum Hit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Gaga_Presents_the_Monster_Ball_Tour:_At_Madison_Square_Garden=Lady Gaga Presents the Monster Ball Tour: At Madison Square Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Tooned!_(TV_show)=Stay Tooned! (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geordie_Shore=Geordie Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finder_(U.S._TV_series)=The Finder (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_My_Teenage_Daughter=I Hate My Teenage Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Girl=New Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peregrina_(telenovela)=Peregrina (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_with_a_Past=Woman with a Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Osmin=Operation Osmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Suspect_(U.S._TV_series)=Prime Suspect (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_All_Night_(TV_series)=Up All Night (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_(TV_series)=Whitney (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Impossible_(TV_series)=Expedition Impossible (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Limits_(TV_series)=Off Limits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wurrawhy=Wurrawhy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kise_Apna_Kahein=Kise Apna Kahein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footprints_in_the_Sand_(TV_series)=Footprints in the Sand (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimm_(TV_series)=Grimm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playboy_Club=The Playboy Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Lost_Family=Long Lost Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_(TV_series)=Awake (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Master=Mind Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_(TV_series)=Thompson (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomat_Kosaku_Kuroda=Diplomat Kosaku Kuroda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Person_of_Interest_(TV_series)=Person of Interest (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haqeeqat_(TV_series)=Haqeeqat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faktor_A=Faktor A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_in_the_Dogs=Send in the Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GCB_(TV_series)=GCB (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_Standing_(U.S._TV_series)=Last Man Standing (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_(2010_TV_series)=Breakout (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruckus_(game_show)=Ruckus (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Trust_the_B----_in_Apartment_23=Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_There,_Chelsea%3F=Are You There, Chelsea?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parchhaiyan_(Sahara_TV)=Parchhaiyan (Sahara TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavis_Smiley_(TV_series)=Tavis Smiley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Point_Blank_(TV_series)=At Point Blank (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Broke_Girls=2 Broke Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickin'_It=Kickin' It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenant_of_Wildfell_Hall_(1968_miniseries)=The Tenant of Wildfell Hall (1968 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise!_It's_Edible_Incredible!=Surprise! It's Edible Incredible!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seek_for_Surname_History=Seek for Surname History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitto_(TV_series)=Bitto (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ad-Libbers=The Ad-Libbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Patrol_Palawan=TV Patrol Palawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_Scene=The Dance Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vice_Guide_to_Travel=The Vice Guide to Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney's_Friends_for_Change_Games=Disney's Friends for Change Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Gregory=Allen Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandang_Gabi,_Vice!=Gandang Gabi, Vice!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H8R=H8R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A-List:_Dallas=The A-List: Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_That_Cut_Everything=The Street That Cut Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburgatory=Suburgatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_(TV_series)=Revenge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Caras_de_Pau=Os Caras de Pau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daaman=Daaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_a_Gentleman=How to Be a Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_of_Dixie=Hart of Dixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(U.S._TV_series)=The River (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_to_Me_(2011_TV_series)=Lie to Me (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Freeman=Mr. Freeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailando_2011=Bailando 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_My_Life_(TV_series)=Time of My Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgettable_(2011_TV_series)=Unforgettable (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remodeled_(TV_series)=Remodeled (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_This_House_and_Sell_It=Take This House and Sell It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahi_To_Milenge=Kahi To Milenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chacha_Chaudhary_(TV_series)=Chacha Chaudhary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomen_Robinson=Suomen Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Murray's_Compete_for_the_Meat=Al Murray's Compete for the Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Up!=Man Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Cool=Cinema Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_(TV_series)=The Revolution (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(2012_TV_series)=The Firm (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandragupta_Maurya_(TV_series)=Chandragupta Maurya (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Random!=So Random!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_O'Connor_Tonight=Des O'Connor Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Worry_Ho_Jayega=Don't Worry Ho Jayega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binka=Binka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Munchies=Monster Munchies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neer_Bhare_Tere_Naina_Devi=Neer Bhare Tere Naina Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name_That_Tune_(UK_game_show)=Name That Tune (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_States_Got_Their_Shapes=How the States Got Their Shapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Corbett's_Supper_Club=Ronnie Corbett's Supper Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailando_2010=Bailando 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_By_for_Crime=Stand By for Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_(TV_series)=Scandal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Dynamite_(TV_series)=Napoleon Dynamite (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_Histories_(TV_series)=Unnatural Histories (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Couponing=Extreme Couponing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Agents_(U.S._TV_series)=Free Agents (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_House_Revealed=The Country House Revealed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavak_Yelleri=Kavak Yelleri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Enfield's_Brand_Spanking_New_Show=Harry Enfield's Brand Spanking New Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahani_Chandrakanta_Ki=Kahani Chandrakanta Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raat_Hone_Ko_Hai=Raat Hone Ko Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_Nombre_Del_Amor=En Nombre Del Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Lafzon_Ki_Kahani=Do Lafzon Ki Kahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenoche=Telenoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Justice=Ghetto Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_of_a_Kind_(TV_series)=Four of a Kind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_In-Laws_(TV_series)=The In-Laws (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Jenni=I Love Jenni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabadabadog=Sabadabadog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iss_Pyaar_Ko_Kya_Naam_Doon%3F=Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Committee_Room=The Committee Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nail_Files_(TV_series)=Nail Files (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Benjamin_Has_a_Van=Jon Benjamin Has a Van
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_hogares=Dos hogares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah's_Master_Class=Oprah's Master Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajo_el_alma=Bajo el alma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_(UK_TV_series)=The Good Guys (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_and_Roses_(TV_series)=Guns and Roses (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flor_Salvaje=Flor Salvaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_25:_Oprah_Behind_The_Scenes=Season 25: Oprah Behind The Scenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_(TV_program)=Rescue (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_M.D._Mga_Doktor_ng_Bayan=Pinoy M.D. Mga Doktor ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanep_Buhay=Hanep Buhay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Merton's_Birth_of_Hollywood=Paul Merton's Birth of Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaws_of_the_Marsh_(TV_series)=Outlaws of the Marsh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Perry's_For_Better_or_Worse=Tyler Perry's For Better or Worse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C'est_pas_sorcier=C'est pas sorcier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Kahe_Agar=Tu Kahe Agar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyar_Zindagi_Hai=Pyar Zindagi Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor:_Khatron_Ke_Khiladi_(season_4)=Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi (season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Warriors_(game_show)=Ice Warriors (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Got_Talent=Canada's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femme_Fatales_(TV_series)=Femme Fatales (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Rooms_(TV_series)=Four Rooms (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dine_with_Me_(Ireland)=Come Dine with Me (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_for_Betsy=Heaven for Betsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Armstrong's_Big_Ask=Alexander Armstrong's Big Ask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actuality_Specials=Actuality Specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_Show_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Morning Show (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_on_Film=The Girls on Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Triangle_(game_show)=Love Triangle (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_Ladies_(TV_series)=Single Ladies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talang_2011=Talang 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_My_Girl!!=Oh! My Girl!!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Be_Love=Let It Be Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_M.I.C=Vodafone M.I.C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenio_(TV_series)=Arsenio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawaare_Sabke_Sapne..._Preeto=Sawaare Sabke Sapne... Preeto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Zi_Bing_Fa_Yu_San_Shi_Liu_Ji=Sun Zi Bing Fa Yu San Shi Liu Ji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ricki_Lake_Show=The Ricki Lake Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_vs._Aliens:_Mutant_Pumpkins_from_Outer_Space=Monsters vs. Aliens: Mutant Pumpkins from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloves_Come_Off=Gloves Come Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeland_(TV_series)=Homeland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NY_Ink=NY Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_Inspector=The Restaurant Inspector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transporter:_The_Series=Transporter: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Love_(TV_series)=All My Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(South_Korean_TV_series)=Heroes (South Korean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Air_(TV_series)=Off the Air (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea's_Got_Talent=Korea's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_A-Sziget=Survivor A-Sziget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Ridge_(TV_series)=River Ridge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show_2011_(season_1)=El Gran Show 2011 (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Collector=Haunted Collector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Break_Challenge=Spring Break Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Croatia_(season_1)=MasterChef Croatia (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Our_Lives=Days of Our Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_&_Bailey=Scott & Bailey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_Ki_Ayegi_Baraat=Dolly Ki Ayegi Baraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_100_(TV_series)=Dial 100 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_and_Now_(TV_series)=Here and Now (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_San_Diego_(2011)=The Real World: San Diego (2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinner_or_Saint_(TV_series)=Sinner or Saint (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Memorial_Day_Concert=National Memorial Day Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Shine_Talent_Camp_TV=I-Shine Talent Camp TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_(TV_series)=Touch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Injustice_(TV_series)=Injustice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vem_vet_mest%3F=Vem vet mest?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar's_Oasis=Oscar's Oasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Red_Carpet=On the Red Carpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_with_the_Flynns=In with the Flynns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilfred_(U.S._TV_series)=Wilfred (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Keeps_Going=Love Keeps Going
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Craziest_Fools=World's Craziest Fools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Weight_Loss=Extreme Weight Loss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Skye_PI_(web_series)=Ruby Skye PI (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway:_Rodando_la_Aventura=Highway: Rodando la Aventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Singaporeans=We Are Singaporeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answers_for_Americans=Answers for Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Histories_(TV_series)=Case Histories (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Who_Dare_(TV_series)=They Who Dare (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Loves_Coco=Ice Loves Coco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playroom_(TV_series)=Playroom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawn_Queens=Pawn Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Drew_On_Call=Dr. Drew On Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laag_(TV_series)=Laag (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainak_Wala_Jin=Ainak Wala Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_(2012_TV_series)=Missing (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsday_(TV_series)=Newsday (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.L.I.F.=C.L.I.F.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Crimes=Major Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Attraction=Wicked Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Me_Canada=Cover Me Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocco's_Dinner_Party=Rocco's Dinner Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_(TV_series)=Adventure (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Case_with_Paula_Zahn=On the Case with Paula Zahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drinking_Made_Easy=Drinking Made Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsung_(TV_series)=Unsung (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney_Blake,_Police_Reporter=Barney Blake, Police Reporter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2011=BET Awards 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_48:_Missing_Persons=The First 48: Missing Persons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dean_Martin_Celebrity_Roast=The Dean Martin Celebrity Roast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saaksshi=Saaksshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Of...=King Of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Therapy_(TV_series)=Web Therapy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Therapy=Web Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Court_(TV_series)=Superior Court (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Man_(TV_series)=Rocket Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Chef_(TV_program)=Head Chef (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Fourze=Kamen Rider Fourze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_the_Money_and_Run_(TV_series)=Take the Money and Run (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_365=Conspiracy 365
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_Prikritie=Pod Prikritie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willy_Nilly=Willy Nilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Challenge=Paranormal Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_You_Know_(TV_series)=The Devil You Know (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball_Wives_LA=Basketball Wives LA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_(TV_series)=Leon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Straits=The Straits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shobha_Somnath_Ki=Shobha Somnath Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Close_Calls=Celebrity Close Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Back_to_Where_You_Came_From=Go Back to Where You Came From
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Potatoes_(2011_TV_series)=Small Potatoes (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwanggaeto,_The_Great_Conqueror=Gwanggaeto, The Great Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Masters=Sand Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish_Nation=Dish Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrankStars=PrankStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koh-Lanta=Koh-Lanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Lies=House of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasb-e-Haal=Hasb-e-Haal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swayamvar_(Indian_TV_Show)=Swayamvar (Indian TV Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Hunters=Storage Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Heroes_(TV_series)=Almost Heroes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Ways_to_Leave_a_Game_Show=101 Ways to Leave a Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(2011_TV_series)=Sirens (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saans=Saans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iglot_(TV_series)=Iglot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Sexy_Things=Dirty Sexy Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_of_Fame_(game_show)=Wall of Fame (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianxia_Diyi=Tianxia Diyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanne's_Nuts=Roseanne's Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Heroes=The Dragon Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Mack's_All_Star_Cast=Lee Mack's All Star Cast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaolin_Warriors=The Shaolin Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Day_Up=Day Day Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_TV=Kris TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Beach_Tow=South Beach Tow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksyon_Bisaya=Aksyon Bisaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investigative_Documentaries=Investigative Documentaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China,_IL=China, IL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akbari_Asghari=Akbari Asghari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariadne_no_Dangan=Ariadne no Dangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Formosa_TV_drama)=Love (Formosa TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Parsley=The Adventures of Parsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Market_Life=Night Market Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Un-Road_Trip=The Un-Road Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snip_and_Snap=Snip and Snap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_Spain=Survivor Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_sretnom_zvijezdom=Pod sretnom zvijezdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larin_izbor=Larin izbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Theater=Adventure Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_of_Worms_(TV_program)=Can of Worms (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarnaak=Khabarnaak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_(TV_series)=Leonardo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha-Chaim_Ze_Lo_Hacol=Ha-Chaim Ze Lo Hacol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Jin_and_the_Panda_Patrol=Jin Jin and the Panda Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes,_Honestly=Yes, Honestly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_and_Tatum:_The_O'Neals=Ryan and Tatum: The O'Neals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navya..Naye_Dhadkan_Naye_Sawaal=Navya..Naye Dhadkan Naye Sawaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go!_Dream_Team_Season_2=Let's Go! Dream Team Season 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Poland=The Voice of Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Wild=Love in the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zig_&_Sharko=Zig & Sharko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_(BBC_TV_series)=The Hour (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Call_Saul=Better Call Saul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Drunk_Kitchen=My Drunk Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hours_in_A&E=24 Hours in A&E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_(TV_program)=The Five (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You_See_It_(UK_game_show)=Now You See It (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Hotz's_Triumph_of_the_Will=Kenny Hotz's Triumph of the Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gajab_Desh_Ki_Ajab_Kahaniyaan=Gajab Desh Ki Ajab Kahaniyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_or_Black%3F=Red or Black?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapalaran=Kapalaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milyonaryong_Mini_(2006_TV_series)=Milyonaryong Mini (2006 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Idiots_(TV_series)=3 Idiots (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futbolilits=Futbolilits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_(Belgian_TV_Series)=David (Belgian TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monte_Carlo_Show=The Monte Carlo Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Australia_(season_3)=Project Runway Australia (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Dance:_Laurieann_Gibson=Born to Dance: Laurieann Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_Forever_(TV_series)=Best Friends Forever (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahsyat=Dahsyat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Worth_What%3F=It's Worth What?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehmoodabad_Ki_Malkain=Mehmoodabad Ki Malkain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael:_Tuesdays_and_Thursdays=Michael: Tuesdays and Thursdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decked_Out=Decked Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Serpents=Sand Serpents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decisiones_Extremas=Decisiones Extremas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tia_&_Tamera=Tia & Tamera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manny_Many_Prizes=Manny Many Prizes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reputasyon=Reputasyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Kick:_Revenge_of_the_Short_Legged=High Kick: Revenge of the Short Legged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Boys=Wild Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anugerah_Planet_Muzik_2009=Anugerah Planet Muzik 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Head_Chef=Celebrity Head Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dare_You_(Philippine_TV_series)=I Dare You (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intentional_Talk=Intentional Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndey_and_Blair's_Taste_of_Greece=Lyndey and Blair's Taste of Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghetto_Justice_II=Ghetto Justice II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zip_Bus_Chup_Raho=Zip Bus Chup Raho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_Van_Java=Opera Van Java
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Plus=Arts Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tush_(TV_series)=Tush (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Franchise_(TV_series)=The Franchise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Million_Star=Chinese Million Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_White_Spenny=Single White Spenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staten_Island_Cakes=Staten Island Cakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jollitown=Jollitown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6_Richtige=6 Richtige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/0137=0137
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Meisterwerke=1000 Meisterwerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perception_(U.S._TV_series)=Perception (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Bigfoot=Finding Bigfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Live=Anderson Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifechangers=Lifechangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freezerburns=Freezerburns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesian_Movie_Awards=Indonesian Movie Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katie_(talk_show)=Katie (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_(Australian_TV_series)=The Voice (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_News_Network=Banana News Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bent_(TV_series)=Bent (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Out_(Irish_game_show)=Take Me Out (Irish game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skating's_Next_Star=Skating's Next Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Not_Stupid_Too_(TV_serial)=I Not Stupid Too (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Design_Australia=Top Design Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Magazine=Movie Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rated_A_for_Awesome=Rated A for Awesome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Room_with_Paul_Provenza=The Green Room with Paul Provenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Wine=River of Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equal_Justice_(TV_series)=Equal Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Jazz=Adventures in Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_Army_(TV_series)=One Man Army (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eden_Formula=The Eden Formula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abenteuer_Airport=Abenteuer Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abramakabra=Abramakabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abschnitt_40=Abschnitt 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acht_Stunden_sind_kein_Tag=Acht Stunden sind kein Tag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_der_Tulpendieb=Adrian der Tulpendieb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Avenue_(TV_series)=Maple Avenue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Ribbs=Short Ribbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aubrey_(TV_series)=Aubrey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SP_FX:_The_Empire_Strikes_Back=SP FX: The Empire Strikes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_Party_Wars=Dinner Party Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Star_Wars_to_Jedi:_The_Making_of_a_Saga=From Star Wars to Jedi: The Making of a Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gifted_Man=A Gifted Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mana_Mamau=Mana Mamau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Sandaling_Kailangan_Mo_Ako=Sa Sandaling Kailangan Mo Ako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(UK_TV_series)=Eureka (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Santiago's_The_Sisters=Rod Santiago's The Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_Lovers_(2007_TV_series)=Butterfly Lovers (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_esposa_virgen=La esposa virgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeremy_Kyle_Show_(U.S._TV_series)=The Jeremy Kyle Show (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesenia_(1987_telenovela)=Yesenia (1987 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excused=Excused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Creatures:_Return_of_the_Jedi=Classic Creatures: Return of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balita_Pilipinas_Ngayon=Balita Pilipinas Ngayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_TV_Live=News TV Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Orange_(UK_&_Ireland)=Camp Orange (UK & Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Affairs_(1949_TV_serial)=Family Affairs (1949 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Affairs_(1959_TV_programme)=Family Affairs (1959 TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suave_Veneno=Suave Veneno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_in_Dairyland=Adventure in Dairyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarm_in_den_Bergen=Alarm in den Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_says..._The_Nature_Knows_Best=Albert says... The Nature Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alle_lieben_Jimmy=Alle lieben Jimmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alle_meine_Tiere=Alle meine Tiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allein_unter_Bauern=Allein unter Bauern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allein_gegen_die_Zeit=Allein gegen die Zeit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alles_Atze=Alles Atze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Alpenklinik=Die Alpenklinik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almenrausch_und_Pulverschnee=Almenrausch und Pulverschnee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Alpha=Alpha Alpha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Amt=Das Amt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderland=Anderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_und_Luzy=Angelo und Luzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anja_&_Anton=Anja & Anton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Anrheiner=Die Anrheiner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anwalt_Abel=Anwalt Abel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archiv_des_Todes=Archiv des Todes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arpad,_the_Gypsy=Arpad, the Gypsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aus_heiterem_Himmel=Aus heiterem Himmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Fritze=Auto Fritze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanti!_Avanti!=Avanti! Avanti!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel!=Axel!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awkward_(TV_series)=Awkward (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranhaconda=Piranhaconda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_(U.S._TV_series)=Powers (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvis_(1990_TV_series)=Elvis (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siski=Siski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Man_Show=4 Man Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Funny=Show Me the Funny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_to_Heaven=Highway to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Retsuden=Ultraman Retsuden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yard=The Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley's_Believe_It_or_Not!_(2008_TV_series)=Ripley's Believe It or Not! (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highly_Questionable=Highly Questionable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Model=Mega Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mag-Asawa'y_Di_Biro=Mag-Asawa'y Di Biro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillbilly_Handfishin'=Hillbilly Handfishin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_Go_Racing=Stars Go Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayly_(TV_series)=Bayly (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Gourmet_with_Justine_Schofield=Everyday Gourmet with Justine Schofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Trivial=Nothing Trivial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_of_the_Town_(variety_show)=Talk of the Town (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husbands_(TV_series)=Husbands (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suits_(season_1)=Suits (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Falls_(TV_series)=Beaver Falls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Again=Love and Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parichay_(TV_series)=Parichay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strongest_Chil_Woo=Strongest Chil Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_Puerto_Rico=Idol Puerto Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Idol=Arab Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_it's_Saberdey!=Hey it's Saberdey!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attacks_from_the_Future:_Rinoplasticos=Attacks from the Future: Rinoplasticos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1986_(TV_series)=1986 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Teen,_Bigger_World=Small Teen, Bigger World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mets_Hot_Stove=Mets Hot Stove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFC_Connected=UFC Connected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holos_Krayiny=Holos Krayiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Rich_Texas=Big Rich Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screenplay_(TV_series)=Screenplay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mets_Weekly=Mets Weekly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugartown_(TV_series)=Sugartown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_for_Nothing%3F=All for Nothing?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollied=Trollied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamo:_Magician_Impossible=Dynamo: Magician Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina's_Little_Fables=Nina's Little Fables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_(UK_TV_series)=The Code (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKBingo!=AKBingo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_Adventures_of_Caroline_&_Dave=The Restaurant Adventures of Caroline & Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulk_and_the_Agents_of_S.M.A.S.H.=Hulk and the Agents of S.M.A.S.H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_Quest=Legend Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takkay_Ki_Ayegi_Baraat=Takkay Ki Ayegi Baraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahiram_ng_Isang_Ina=Pahiram ng Isang Ina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Moms=Dance Moms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheltered=Sheltered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Estate_Adventures_of_Sandy_&_Maryse=The Real Estate Adventures of Sandy & Maryse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Real_with_JR_Digs=Be Real with JR Digs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_U=Design U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomb_Patrol_Afghanistan=Bomb Patrol Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Dino_Posse=Kung Fu Dino Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamish_and_Andy's_Gap_Year=Hamish and Andy's Gap Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fierce_Wife=The Fierce Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand's_Got_Talent=Thailand's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riches_and_Stitches=Riches and Stitches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfusion=Enfusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me,_My_House_&_I=Me, My House & I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_House_Chronicles=Broken House Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Ormal=Norman Ormal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpool_(TV_series)=Carpool (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deck_Wars=Deck Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Tree=The Family Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Ireland=The Voice of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsupilami_(1993_TV_series)=Marsupilami (1993 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_People_with_Gloria_Allred=We the People with Gloria Allred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Name=Same Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dynamite_(TV_series)=Black Dynamite (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajyal=Ajyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Tiger's_Neighborhood=Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show_2011_(season_2)=El Gran Show 2011 (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Binondo_Girl=My Binondo Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Welles'_Great_Mysteries=Orson Welles' Great Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Specials_(internet_TV_series)=The Specials (internet TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharampatni=Dharampatni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_familia_de_al_lado=La familia de al lado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protect_the_Boss=Protect the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget_Me_Not_(TV_series)=Forget Me Not (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmar_Bel_Khat_El_Arid=Ahmar Bel Khat El Arid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scent_of_a_Woman_(TV_series)=Scent of a Woman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fake_or_Fortune%3F=Fake or Fortune?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef_Middle_East=Top Chef Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mercury_Men=The Mercury Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cariad@iaith:love4language=Cariad@iaith:love4language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mets_Pre-Game_Live=Mets Pre-Game Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geico_SportsNite=Geico SportsNite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_with_the_Eubanks=At Home with the Eubanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Israel=MasterChef Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balls_of_Steel_Australia=Balls of Steel Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_Off_Britain_(TV_series)=Rip Off Britain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_on_Target_(film)=Dead on Target (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Dance_(TV_series)=Born to Dance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiradirah=Radiradirah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_With_Julia=At Home With Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Cards_(U.S._TV_series)=House of Cards (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Chinese_San_Francisco_by_Ching_He_Huang=Easy Chinese San Francisco by Ching He Huang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Squad=Dog Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neeya_Naana=Neeya Naana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(TV_series)=Secrets (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_XV=Miss XV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Money_Drop:_Singapore_Edition=Million Dollar Money Drop: Singapore Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiators:_Train_2_Win=Gladiators: Train 2 Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagets:_Just_Got_Lucky=Bagets: Just Got Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_One_Night_Only_(Irish_TV_series)=For One Night Only (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millionaire_(TV_series)=Millionaire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lua_Vermelha=Lua Vermelha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Sings=Canada Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Grief_Moncrieff!=Good Grief Moncrieff!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunay_Na_Buhay=Tunay Na Buhay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azar_Ki_Ayegi_Baraat=Azar Ki Ayegi Baraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shammy_Dab=Shammy Dab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Thing_(TV_series)=Big Thing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess'_Man=The Princess' Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Dolls_(U.S._TV_series)=Russian Dolls (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Kid_with_Brad_Garrett=I Kid with Brad Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Team_13=News Team 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Guys=My Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Dosti_Dance=Dil Dosti Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirza_Ghalib_(TV_series)=Mirza Ghalib (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTV_Morning_Live=CTV Morning Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBS_Gayo_Daejeon=SBS Gayo Daejeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Baek_Dong-soo=Warrior Baek Dong-soo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBC_Gayo_Daejejeon=MBC Gayo Daejejeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KBS_Gayo_Daechukje=KBS Gayo Daechukje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry_Ryan_Tonight=Gerry Ryan Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackboard_Jungle_(TV_series)=Blackboard Jungle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_Band_(TV_Series)=Rubber Band (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_in_the_World%3F_(Irish_game_show)=Where in the World? (Irish game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Smile_(TV_series)=With a Smile (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_(miniseries)=Vietnam (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Stobart:_Trucks_&_Trailers=Eddie Stobart: Trucks & Trailers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Star_Mr_&_Mrs=All Star Mr & Mrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai_Chi_Chasers=Tai Chi Chasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor:_Khatron_Ke_Khiladi_(season_1)=Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_'Em_Under_Pressure_(TV_series)=Put 'Em Under Pressure (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_(TVP2)=Panorama (TVP2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_It_(TV_series)=Work It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Championship_Live=Championship Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Undercover=Miami Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGetMe=UGetMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkmoor_(TV_series)=Hawkmoor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_(2000_TV_series)=The Immortal (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_of_an_Angel=Temptation of an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_GAA_Show=The GAA Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Myung-wol=Spy Myung-wol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Vinci's_Demons=Da Vinci's Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livin'_for_the_Apocalypse=Livin' for the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Championship_Throw-In=Championship Throw-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Game_of_Two_Halves=A Game of Two Halves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Kinds_of_Everything_(TV_series)=All Kinds of Everything (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia:_Singles=The Biggest Loser Australia: Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Cruel_World_(miniseries)=Goodbye Cruel World (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_'Em_Laugh_(TV_series)=Make 'Em Laugh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Fortunes_(Ireland)=Family Fortunes (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastermind_(TV3)=Mastermind (TV3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFC_on_Fox=UFC on Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USI:_Under_Special_Investigation=USI: Under Special Investigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_a_Jungle_Boy=The Adventures of a Jungle Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOWN_with_Nicholas_Crane=TOWN with Nicholas Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishing_Man=The Vanishing Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neem_Neem_Shahad_Shahad=Neem Neem Shahad Shahad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Win=Epic Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anger_Management_(TV_series)=Anger Management (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brendan_Courtney_Show=The Brendan Courtney Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanboy_Confessional=Fanboy Confessional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBA_on_Sports5=PBA on Sports5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Box_(Irish_TV_series)=The Box (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kitchen_Musical=The Kitchen Musical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Eve:_Celebrate_2000=Millennium Eve: Celebrate 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Montefuscos=The Montefuscos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Banda_del_Golden_Rocket=La Banda del Golden Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brendan_Grace_Show=The Brendan Grace Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_Ke_Do_Naam:_Ek_Raadha,_Ek_Shyaam=Pyaar Ke Do Naam: Ek Raadha, Ek Shyaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Do_Lunch_with_Gino_&_Mel=Let's Do Lunch with Gino & Mel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ton_of_Cash=Ton of Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lantern:_The_Animated_Series=Green Lantern: The Animated Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Close_&_Personal_with_PZ=Up Close & Personal with PZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Fitter_Than_a_Pensioner%3F=Are You Fitter Than a Pensioner?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Duets_Arab_World=Celebrity Duets Arab World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Fogo=Rosa Fogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprising_Europe=Surprising Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Revolution=Dinosaur Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciGirls=SciGirls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majisuka_Gakuen=Majisuka Gakuen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Tonight=Scotland Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawa_Welcome_America=Wawa Welcome America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_it_Again_Des=Play it Again Des
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudley_(TV_series)=Dudley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trivial_Pursuits_of_Arthur_Banks=The Trivial Pursuits of Arthur Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebelde_Way_(Portugal)=Rebelde Way (Portugal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo:_Makai_Senki=Garo: Makai Senki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Treasure_(TV_series)=Buried Treasure (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Bloom's_Nursery=Mr Bloom's Nursery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Shot_with_Judge_Gunn=Last Shot with Judge Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_at_Heart=Strike at Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistaken_Identity_(TV_series)=Mistaken Identity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Chef_Bad_Chef=Good Chef Bad Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_with_ET=Escape with ET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Documentaries_to_See_Before_You_Die=50 Documentaries to See Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(UK_TV_series)=The Bachelor (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Shine=Born to Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Ref_(UK_TV_series)=The Marriage Ref (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_(2011_Philippine_TV_series)=Growing Up (2011 Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Valley_(TV_series)=Death Valley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefield_Network=Battlefield Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo_Cartoon=Geo Cartoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlo_J._Caparas'_Bangis=Carlo J. Caparas' Bangis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monga_Yao_Hui=Monga Yao Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Clint_and_Mac=The Adventures of Clint and Mac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Sisters_(1970_TV_drama)=The Three Sisters (1970 TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Love_(TV_series)=Bad Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putous=Putous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Nights_3.98=White Nights 3.98
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Battle_of_the_Ages=The Biggest Loser: Battle of the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kothao_Keu_Nei=Kothao Keu Nei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_World=Henry's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picker_Sisters=Picker Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Girls=Office Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie's_30-Minute_Meals=Jamie's 30-Minute Meals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrestling_Retribution_Project=Wrestling Retribution Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditie_Robinson_2011=Expeditie Robinson 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagareboshi_(TV_series)=Nagareboshi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_Farr,_M.D.=Julie Farr, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Time_with_You=In Time with You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant_(TV_series)=Mount Pleasant (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Darling=Absolute Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_UK_(series_4)=The Bachelor UK (series 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PoliticsNation_with_Al_Sharpton=PoliticsNation with Al Sharpton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_by_Blow_(Philippine_TV_program)=Blow by Blow (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_Do_the_Funniest_Things=Animals Do the Funniest Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitare_Zameen_Par=Sitare Zameen Par
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Wildlife=The Truth About Wildlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Top_Model_Romania_(cycle_2)=Next Top Model Romania (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Biceps=Captain Biceps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budoy=Budoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooty_(2011_TV_series)=Sooty (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldur_Blauzahn=Baldur Blauzahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bas-Boris_Bode=Bas-Boris Bode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Bastian=Der Bastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bei_uns_und_um_die_Ecke=Bei uns und um die Ecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Block=Bella Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Bergdoktor=Der Bergdoktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bereitschaft_Dr._Federau=Bereitschaft Dr. Federau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Bergdoktor_(2008)=Der Bergdoktor (2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Bergwacht=Die Bergwacht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berliner_Schnauzen=Berliner Schnauzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernds_Hexe=Bernds Hexe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Bertinis=Die Bertinis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_besonderes_Paar=Ein besonderes Paar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Beste_aus_meinem_Leben=Das Beste aus meinem Leben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibliothek_der_Sachgeschichten=Bibliothek der Sachgeschichten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilder,_die_die_Welt_bewegten=Bilder, die die Welt bewegten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bis_in_die_Spitzen=Bis in die Spitzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bountiful_Blessings=Bountiful Blessings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Ireland=MasterChef Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Mansion_Walls=Behind Mansion Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boku_to_Star_no_99_Nichi=Boku to Star no 99 Nichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_the_Life_(TV_series)=A Day in the Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loiter_Squad=Loiter Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T3:_Enforced=T3: Enforced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_Me_Knowing_You_with_Alan_Partridge_(TV_series)=Knowing Me Knowing You with Alan Partridge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rove_LA=Rove LA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Walkabout=Australian Walkabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Jake=Baby Jake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Pinoy_Edition=MasterChef Pinoy Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppy_in_My_Pocket:_Adventures_in_Pocketville=Puppy in My Pocket: Adventures in Pocketville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_Country=Malibu Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underbelly_NZ:_Land_of_the_Long_Green_Cloud=Underbelly NZ: Land of the Long Green Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veer_Shivaji=Veer Shivaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Dinosaur=Planet Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Belles=The Wedding Belles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Spot_(2011_TV_series)=On the Spot (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bill_Cunningham_Show=The Bill Cunningham Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_(1994_TV_series)=Revelations (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_the_Beast:_Ugly_Face_of_Prejudice=Beauty and the Beast: Ugly Face of Prejudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus:_Vengeance=Spartacus: Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exes=The Exes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_One_(Dubai_One_series)=Studio One (Dubai One series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_the_Question_(UK_game_show)=That's the Question (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chintu_Chinki_Aur_Ek_Badi_Si_Love_Story=Chintu Chinki Aur Ek Badi Si Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Quit_Your_Gay_Job=Don't Quit Your Gay Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Meat_(TV_series)=Fresh Meat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Pickers=Canadian Pickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_chico,_infierno_grande=Pueblo chico, infierno grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kis_Ki_Ayegi_Baraat=Kis Ki Ayegi Baraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primus_(TV_series)=Primus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakon_ljubavi=Zakon ljubavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Star=Fashion Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sexy=Big Sexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Legends=Ancient Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primeval:_New_World=Primeval: New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Witness=Paranormal Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_Chu_and_Han=Legend of Chu and Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakuri_Samurai_Sesshaawan_1=Karakuri Samurai Sesshaawan 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_Boys=Life with Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STV_Appeal=STV Appeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Your_Garden=Love Your Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Woman_(2011_TV_pilot)=Wonder Woman (2011 TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown_Live=Motown Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainha_da_Sucata=Rainha da Sucata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_(TV_series)=Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_995=Rescue 995
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Ways_to_End_the_World=10 Ways to End the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Born_Every_Minute=One Born Every Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere_Club=Sphere Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka's_Killing_Fields=Sri Lanka's Killing Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_This_Town_Series=Run This Town Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolzplatz-Duell=Bolzplatz-Duell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Courage=Bon Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronik_der_Wende=Chronik der Wende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronski_und_Bernstein=Bronski und Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Camper=Die Camper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Dexter=Cliff Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Cleveren=Die Cleveren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_kommt_Kalle=Da kommt Kalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissario_Laurenti=Commissario Laurenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damals_in_der_DDR=Damals in der DDR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahoam_is_Dahoam=Dahoam is Dahoam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick:_Waldweg=Derrick: Waldweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_kann_ja_heiter_werden=Das kann ja heiter werden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsch_Klasse=Deutsch Klasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamantendetektiv_Dick_Donald=Diamantendetektiv Dick Donald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Dicke=Der Dicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Dicke_und_der_Belgier=Der Dicke und der Belgier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Didi-Show=Die Didi-Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diese_Drombuschs=Diese Drombuschs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimension_PSI=Dimension PSI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donky_von_Alpha_6*4=Donky von Alpha 6*4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doktor_Martin=Doktor Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doppelter_Einsatz=Doppelter Einsatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Diary=Doctor's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Roma=Donna Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Molly_&_Karl=Dr. Molly & Karl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drehkreuz_Airport=Drehkreuz Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drei_Damen_vom_Grill=Drei Damen vom Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drei_Dschungeldetektive=Drei Dschungeldetektive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresdner_Schnauzen=Dresdner Schnauzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drei_reizende_Schwestern=Drei reizende Schwestern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Duo=Das Duo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edel_&_Starck=Edel & Starck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehen_vor_Gericht=Ehen vor Gericht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_ehrenwertes_Haus=Ein ehrenwertes Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Dreisten_Drei=Die Dreisten Drei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Haus_in_der_Toscana=Ein Haus in der Toscana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eigener_Herd_ist_Goldes_wert=Eigener Herd ist Goldes wert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einmal_Prinz_zu_sein=Einmal Prinz zu sein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einzug_ins_Paradies=Einzug ins Paradies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbflorenz_(TV_series)=Elbflorenz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elefant,_Tiger_&_Co.=Elefant, Tiger & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Ermittler=Der Ermittler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_tonno=El tonno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endlich_Samstag!=Endlich Samstag!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emm_wie_Meikel=Emm wie Meikel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Erbe_der_Guldenburgs=Das Erbe der Guldenburgs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Eugen=Der Eugen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurogang=Eurogang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocops=Eurocops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrixx=Fabrixx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Blond=Eva Blond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Fahnder=Der Fahnder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Dr._Kleist=Familie Dr. Kleist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Bergmann=Familie Bergmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Fall_von_nebenan=Der Fall von nebenan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Meier=Familie Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Neumann=Familie Neumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Sonnenfeld=Familie Sonnenfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Heinz_Becker=Familie Heinz Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Track_English=Fast Track English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_wia_im_richtigen_Leben=Fast wia im richtigen Leben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feuerdrachen=Feuerdrachen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Feuerengel=Die Feuerengel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_feuerrote_Spielmobil=Das feuerrote Spielmobil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Fernfahrer=Die Fernfahrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Firma_Hesselbach=Die Firma Hesselbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Forellenhof=Der Forellenhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsthaus_Falkenau=Forsthaus Falkenau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flugstaffel_Meinecke=Flugstaffel Meinecke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flitze_Feuerzahn=Flitze Feuerzahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Fuchs=Der Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_ohne_Gnade=Front ohne Gnade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funkstreife_Isar_12=Funkstreife Isar 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Fussbroichs=Die Fussbroichs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Gammas!_Les_Gammas!=Les Gammas! Les Gammas!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frauenarzt_Dr._Markus_Merthin=Frauenarzt Dr. Markus Merthin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_ganz_normale_Wahnsinn=Der ganz normale Wahnsinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gegen_den_Wind=Gegen den Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Geheimnis_meines_Vaters=Das Geheimnis meines Vaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Sagal=The Secret of Sagal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Geheimnis_meiner_Familie=Das Geheimnis meiner Familie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geld.Macht.Liebe=Geld.Macht.Liebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geliebte_Schwestern=Geliebte Schwestern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geschichten_aus_der_Heimat=Geschichten aus der Heimat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Gespenster_von_Flatterfels=Die Gespenster von Flatterfels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gestatten,_mein_Name_ist_Cox=Gestatten, mein Name ist Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gipfeltreffen=Gipfeltreffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafenpolizei=Hafenpolizei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guten_Morgen,_Mallorca=Guten Morgen, Mallorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo_Robbie!=Hallo Robbie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo,_Onkel_Doc!=Hallo, Onkel Doc!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Haus_mit_der_Nr._30=Das Haus mit der Nr. 30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Hausgeist=Der Hausgeist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Haus_der_Krokodile=Das Haus der Krokodile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hausmeisterin=Die Hausmeisterin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headnut.tv=Headnut.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi_und_Erni=Heidi und Erni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Havelkaiser=Der Havelkaiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Heiland_auf_dem_Eiland=Der Heiland auf dem Eiland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helga_und_die_Nordlichter=Helga und die Nordlichter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helden_der_Kreisklasse=Helden der Kreisklasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hesselbachs=Die Hesselbachs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hessische_Geschichten=Hessische Geschichten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilfe,_meine_Familie_spinnt=Hilfe, meine Familie spinnt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Elfie=Hotel Elfie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundkatzemaus=Hundkatzemaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Paradies=Hotel Paradies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Hydronauten=Die Hydronauten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihr_Auftrag,_Pater_Castell=Ihr Auftrag, Pater Castell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Tal_der_wilden_Rosen=Im Tal der wilden Rosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Angesicht_des_Verbrechens=Im Angesicht des Verbrechens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_heirate_eine_Familie=Ich heirate eine Familie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ijon_Tichy:_Raumpilot=Ijon Tichy: Raumpilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Namen_des_Gesetzes=Im Namen des Gesetzes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspektor_Rolle=Inspektor Rolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irgendwie_und_Sowieso=Irgendwie und Sowieso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_bin_Boes=Ich bin Boes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immer_wieder_Sonntags=Immer wieder Sonntags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabhook=Jabhook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_und_Adele=Jakob und Adele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jede_Menge_Leben=Jede Menge Leben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janoschs_Traumstunde=Janoschs Traumstunde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly_Joker=Jolly Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoNaLu=JoNaLu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Jugendgericht=Das Jugendgericht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junger_Herr_auf_altem_Hof=Junger Herr auf altem Hof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kaiser_von_Schexing=Der Kaiser von Schexing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kater_Mikesch=Kater Mikesch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_ist_die_Beste=Katrin ist die Beste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Karte_mit_dem_Luchskopf=Die Karte mit dem Luchskopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiezgeschichten=Kiezgeschichten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrin_und_die_Welt_der_Tiere=Katrin und die Welt der Tiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Kinder_vom_Alstertal=Die Kinder vom Alstertal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinder,_Kinder=Kinder, Kinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_kleine_Ritter_Trenk=Der kleine Ritter Trenk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_kleine_Doktor=Der kleine Doktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kli-Kla-Klawitter=Kli-Kla-Klawitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinik_am_Alex=Klinik am Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimawechsel=Klimawechsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Vampire_(TV_series)=The Little Vampire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Knapp-Familie=Die Knapp-Familie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Komiker=Die Komiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinik_unter_Palmen=Klinik unter Palmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommissar_Freytag=Kommissar Freytag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommissar_Brahm=Kommissar Brahm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommissarin_Lucas=Kommissarin Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korkmazlar=Korkmazlar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KRIMI.DE=KRIMI.DE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kommissar_und_das_Meer=Der Kommissar und das Meer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kripo_live=Kripo live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kriminalmuseum=Das Kriminalmuseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kurier_der_Kaiserin=Der Kurier der Kaiserin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Landarzt=Der Landarzt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladyland=Ladyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landarzt_Dr._Brock=Landarzt Dr. Brock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_und_Luis=Laura und Luis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_petit_gnome=Le petit gnome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauras_Stern=Lauras Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Kriminalist=Der Kriminalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leute_wie_du_und_ich=Leute wie du und ich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_letzte_Zeuge=Der letzte Zeuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Leute_vom_Domplatz=Die Leute vom Domplatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_letzte_Bulle=Der letzte Bulle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_lieben_Verwandten=Die lieben Verwandten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilalu_im_Schepperland=Lilalu im Schepperland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willkommen_bei_Mario_Barth=Willkommen bei Mario Barth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotta_in_Love=Lotta in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maddin_in_Love=Maddin in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_und_Sohn=Lukas und Sohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebling_Kreuzberg=Liebling Kreuzberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammutland=Mammutland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Mann_am_Zug=Ein Mann am Zug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Mann_ohne_Schatten=Der Mann ohne Schatten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manni,_der_Libero=Manni, der Libero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Wolkenstein=Max Wolkenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mein_Freund_Winnetou=Mein Freund Winnetou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meine_wunderbare_Familie=Meine wunderbare Familie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mensch,_Pia!=Mensch, Pia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mensch_Markus=Mensch Markus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mein_neuer_Freund=Mein neuer Freund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mensch_Bachmann=Mensch Bachmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Millionenbauer=Der Millionenbauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Millionenerbe=Der Millionenerbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Terra=Mission Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mit_Herz_und_Handschellen=Mit Herz und Handschellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitten_im_Leben_(TV_series)=Mitten im Leben (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitten_im_Leben_(reality_TV_series)=Mitten im Leben (reality TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molle_mit_Korn=Molle mit Korn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mond_Mond_Mond=Mond Mond Mond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Montagsfamilie=Die Montagsfamilie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mord_mit_Aussicht=Mord mit Aussicht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordkommission_Istanbul=Mordkommission Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_aus_Versehen=Monster aus Versehen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mord_in_bester_Gesellschaft=Mord in bester Gesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgen_schon=Morgen schon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MS_Franziska=MS Franziska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motiv_Liebe=Motiv Liebe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motzki=Motzki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mummy_Nanny=Mummy Nanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashorn,_Zebra_&_Co.=Nashorn, Zebra & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neues_aus_Uhlenbusch=Neues aus Uhlenbusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_&_Perry=Nick & Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicht_von_schlechten_Eltern=Nicht von schlechten Eltern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninas_Welt=Ninas Welt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notarztwagen_7=Notarztwagen 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notruf_Hafenkante=Notruf Hafenkante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NightWash=NightWash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offroad.TV=Offroad.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Gott,_Herr_Pfarrer=Oh Gott, Herr Pfarrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olm_unterwegs=Olm unterwegs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Maass=Oliver Maass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OP_ruft_Dr._Bruckner=OP ruft Dr. Bruckner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostsee-Schnauzen=Ostsee-Schnauzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda,_Gorilla_&_Co.=Panda, Gorilla & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papageien,_Palmen_&_Co.=Papageien, Palmen & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagten=Pagten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkhotel_Stern=Parkhotel Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_ist_der_Boss=Peter ist der Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Steiners_Theaterstadl=Peter Steiners Theaterstadl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Strohm=Peter Strohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Pfundskerl=Der Pfundskerl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parole_Chicago=Parole Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfarrer_Braun=Pfarrer Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtime_(Sprachkurs)=Playtime (Sprachkurs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polizeifunk_ruft=Polizeifunk ruft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pogo_1104=Pogo 1104
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polizeiinspektion_1=Polizeiinspektion 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Prinz_von_Pumpelonien=Der Prinz von Pumpelonien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rappelkiste=Rappelkiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Recht_zu_lieben=Das Recht zu lieben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rentner_haben_niemals_Zeit=Rentner haben niemals Zeit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumuckls_Abenteuer=Pumuckls Abenteuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_auf_den_Stufen=Regina auf den Stufen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Rettungsflieger=Die Rettungsflieger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritas_Welt=Ritas Welt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_und_Tanja=Ron und Tanja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_Roth=Rosa Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Rosen_von_Dublin=Die Rosen von Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_rote_Kapelle=Die rote Kapelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Rote_Meile=Die Rote Meile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Sandokan=The Return of Sandokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salto_Kommunale=Salto Kommunale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salto_Postale=Salto Postale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Rosenheim-Cops=Die Rosenheim-Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samt_und_Seide=Samt und Seide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Schatz_im_Niemandsland=Der Schatz im Niemandsland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island_in_Outer_Space=Treasure Island in Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauerkraut_(Helme_Heine)=Sauerkraut (Helme Heine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmetterlinge_im_Bauch=Schmetterlinge im Bauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_schnelle_Gerdi=Die schnelle Gerdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwarz_greift_ein=Schwarz greift ein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Schule_am_See=Die Schule am See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_for_Vampires=School for Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_sechs_Siebeng'scheiten=Die sechs Siebeng'scheiten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sender_Nordlicht=Sender Nordlicht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seehund,_Puma_&_Co.=Seehund, Puma & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_seltsamen_Methoden_des_Franz_Josef_Wanninger=Die seltsamen Methoden des Franz Josef Wanninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinan_Toprak_ist_der_Unbestechliche=Sinan Toprak ist der Unbestechliche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Sitte=Die Sitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Sendung_mit_dem_Elefanten=Die Sendung mit dem Elefanten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simsala_Grimm=Simsala Grimm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy_der_Buschpilot=Skippy der Buschpilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK-Babies=SK-Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO_Rhein-Main=SOKO Rhein-Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO_Stuttgart=SOKO Stuttgart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO_Wismar=SOKO Wismar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonderdezernat_K1=Sonderdezernat K1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sonne_entgegen=Der Sonne entgegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spreepiraten=Spreepiraten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_ist_das_Leben!_Die_Wagenfelds=So ist das Leben! Die Wagenfelds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Spatz_vom_Wallrafplatz=Der Spatz vom Wallrafplatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spuk_aus_der_Gruft=Spuk aus der Gruft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spuk_am_Tor_der_Zeit=Spuk am Tor der Zeit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spuk_im_Reich_der_Schatten=Spuk im Reich der Schatten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Staatsanwalt_hat_das_Wort=Der Staatsanwalt hat das Wort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadtklinik=Stadtklinik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Angela=St. Angela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadt,_Land,_Mord!=Stadt, Land, Mord!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staatsanwalt_Posch_ermittelt=Staatsanwalt Posch ermittelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stahlnetz=Stahlnetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_starkes_Team=Ein starkes Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Stein=Die Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Strandclique=Die Strandclique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starke_Herzen=Starke Herzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylter_Geschichten=Sylter Geschichten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Tag_schreibt_Geschichte=Ein Tag schreibt Geschichte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzalarm=Tanzalarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatort_Internet=Tatort Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_op_Platt=Talk op Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegtmeiers_Reisen=Tegtmeiers Reisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sternensommer=Sternensommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Trending=What's Trending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierarzt_Dr._Engel=Tierarzt Dr. Engel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_X:_Schliemanns_Erben=Terra X: Schliemanns Erben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiere_bis_unters_Dach=Tiere bis unters Dach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till,_der_Junge_von_nebenan=Till, der Junge von nebenan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_und_das_Erdbeermarmeladebrot_mit_Honig=Tom und das Erdbeermarmeladebrot mit Honig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Torpiraten=Die Torpiraten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Normal=Total Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_de_Ruhr=Tour de Ruhr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Traumhotel=Das Traumhotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeg_'ns_Aaa=Zeg 'ns Aaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Trotzkis=Die Trotzkis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Tod_ist_kein_Beinbruch=Der Tod ist kein Beinbruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treffpunkt_Flughafen=Treffpunkt Flughafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typisch_Sophie=Typisch Sophie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twipsy=Twipsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulmens_Auftrag=Ulmens Auftrag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unschuldig=Unschuldig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unser_Charly=Unser Charly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unser_Walter=Unser Walter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsere_Farm_in_Irland=Unsere Farm in Irland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unser_Lehrer_Doktor_Specht=Unser Lehrer Doktor Specht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Um_Himmels_Willen=Um Himmels Willen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unter_einem_Dach=Unter einem Dach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unter_einer_Decke=Unter einer Decke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_unsichtbare_Visier=Das unsichtbare Visier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Unverbesserlichen=Die Unverbesserlichen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vater_wider_Willen=Vater wider Willen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vater_Seidl_und_sein_Sohn=Vater Seidl und sein Sohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Verbrechen_des_Professor_Capellari=Die Verbrechen des Professor Capellari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viens_jouer_avec_nous=Viens jouer avec nous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Viersteins=Die Viersteins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vom_Webstuhl_zur_Weltmacht=Vom Webstuhl zur Weltmacht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Null_auf_42=Von Null auf 42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerdeich=Westerdeich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_von_gestern=Western von gestern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Wicherts_von_nebenan=Die Wicherts von nebenan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wie_erziehe_ich_meine_Eltern%3F=Wie erziehe ich meine Eltern?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wie_gut,_dass_es_Maria_gibt=Wie gut, dass es Maria gibt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Wiesingers=Die Wiesingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wie_schlau_ist_Deutschland%3F=Wie schlau ist Deutschland?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Wilsheimer=Die Wilsheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinneToons=WinneToons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wohnen_nach_Wunsch=Wohnen nach Wunsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wir_Deutschen=Wir Deutschen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolffs_Revier=Wolffs Revier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zentrale_Bangkok=Zentrale Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zum_Stanglwirt=Zum Stanglwirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zur_Freiheit=Zur Freiheit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zur_See=Zur See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeit_genug=Zeit genug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extralarge=Extralarge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_Jahre_Christentum=2000 Jahre Christentum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alaska_Kid=The Alaska Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_(TV_series)=Anna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anke_(TV_series)=Anke (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaulicht=Blaulicht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloch_(TV_series)=Bloch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankenese_(TV_series)=Blankenese (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eine_wie_keine=Eine wie keine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Leon_(TV_series)=Donna Leon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_(TV_series)=Clara (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_(TV_series)=Cartoon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freunde_(TV_series)=Freunde (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franzi_(TV_series)=Franzi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemming_(TV_series)=Flemming (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisbert_(TV_series)=Gisbert (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Faucheurs_de_marguerites=Les Faucheurs de marguerites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallo_Taxi_(TV_series)=Hallo Taxi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexe_Lilli_(TV_series)=Hexe Lilli (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immenhof_(TV_series)=Immenhof (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janna_(TV_series)=Janna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johanna_(TV_series)=Johanna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jokehnen_(TV_series)=Jokehnen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanzleramt_(TV_series)=Kanzleramt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morde_&_Assopra=Morde & Assopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fina_Estampa=Fina Estampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Dwarves_(TV_series)=Seven Dwarves (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwaith/Cartref=Gwaith/Cartref
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Manu=Mondo Manu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9B_(TV_series)=9B (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_kleine_Mann=Der kleine Mann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Lehrer=Der Lehrer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokaltermin_(TV_series)=Lokaltermin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcycle_Diaries_(documentary)=Motorcycle Diaries (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukas_(TV_series)=Lukas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutter_(TV_series)=Lutter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandara_(TV_series)=Mandara (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_(Austrian_TV_series)=Mario (Austrian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meister_Eder_und_sein_Pumuckl_(TV_series)=Meister Eder und sein Pumuckl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicht_von_dieser_Welt_(TV_series)=Nicht von dieser Welt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastewka_(TV_series)=Pastewka (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_und_Paul=Peter und Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PS_(TV_series)=PS (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_(TV_series)=Nikola (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rote_Bergsteiger_(TV_series)=Rote Bergsteiger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravioli_(TV_series)=Ravioli (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roncalli_(TV_series)=Roncalli (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reporter_(TV_series)=Reporter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rote_Erde_(TV_series)=Rote Erde (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabine_(TV_series)=Sabine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_rote_Zora_und_ihre_Bande_(TV_series)=Die rote Zora und ihre Bande (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salto_Mortale_(TV_series)=Salto Mortale (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rote_Rosen_(TV_series)=Rote Rosen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwarz_Rot_Gold=Schwarz Rot Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sechserpack_(TV_series)=Sechserpack (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sie_kommen_aus_Agarthi=Sie kommen aus Agarthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unter_Verdacht_(TV_series)=Unter Verdacht (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unterwegs_nach_Atlantis_(TV_series)=Unterwegs nach Atlantis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildbach=Wildbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahn_um_Zahn=Zahn um Zahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Was_nicht_passt,_wird_passend_gemacht_(TV_series)=Was nicht passt, wird passend gemacht (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weissensee_(TV_series)=Weissensee (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uma_Aventura_(TV_series)=Uma Aventura (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_ore=48 ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Stars_(TV_series)=All Stars (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andata_e_ritorno_(TV_series)=Andata e ritorno (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttafuori=Buttafuori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_(TV_series)=Boris (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_center_(TV_series)=Call center (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_famiglia=Casa famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carabinieri_(TV_series)=Carabinieri (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_caso_di_coscienza_(TV_series)=Un caso di coscienza (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codice_rosso=Codice rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_(TV_series)=College (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagni_di_scuola_(TV_series)=Compagni di scuola (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimini_(TV_series)=Crimini (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina_(TV_series)=Cristina (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Yet_it_Moves=And Yet it Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_(TV_series)=Donna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_due_facce_dell'amore_(TV_series)=Le due facce dell'amore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_famiglia_in_giallo_(TV_series)=Una famiglia in giallo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frammenti_(TV_series)=Frammenti (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fratelli_detective_(TV_series)=Fratelli detective (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giornalisti_(TV_series)=Giornalisti (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gente_di_mare_(TV_series)=Gente di mare (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_tour_(TV_series)=In tour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'isola_(TV_series)=L'isola (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incantesimo_(TV_series)=Incantesimo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_ladra_(TV_series)=La ladra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lui_e_lei_(TV_series)=Lui e lei (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicina_generale_(TV_series)=Medicina generale (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piloti_(TV_series)=Piloti (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_smettere_di_sognare_(TV_series)=Non smettere di sognare (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgoglio_(TV_series)=Orgoglio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_(TV_series)=Roma (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossella_(TV_series)=Rossella (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stazione_di_servizio_(TV_series)=Stazione di servizio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_stagioni_del_cuore_(TV_series)=Le stagioni del cuore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_squadra_(TV_series)=La squadra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_(TV_series)=Turbo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turno_di_notte_(TV_series)=Turno di notte (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugo_(TV_series)=Ugo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_poltrona_per_due_(TV_series)=Una poltrona per due (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vento_di_ponente_(TV_series)=Vento di ponente (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_donna_per_amico_(TV_series)=Una donna per amico (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno_di_noi_(TV_series)=Uno di noi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanzibar_(TV_series)=Zanzibar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Muralha_(2000_TV_series)=A Muralha (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Muralha_(1968_telenovela)=A Muralha (1968 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Brasileiras=As Brasileiras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dine_with_Me_Canada=Come Dine with Me Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_Block=The West Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Pratchett's_Unseen_Academicals=Terry Pratchett's Unseen Academicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddington_Bear_(1989_TV_series)=Paddington Bear (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fades_(TV_series)=The Fades (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_on_Ice_(Greece)=Dancing on Ice (Greece)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_No._1=Road No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AleX=AleX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiche_mie=Amiche mie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_ali_della_vita=Le ali della vita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amico_mio=Amico mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrivano_i_Rossi=Arrivano i Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_e_i_cinque=Anna e i cinque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belli_dentro=Belli dentro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All'ultimo_minuto=All'ultimo minuto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriva_Cristina=Arriva Cristina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balliamo_e_cantiamo_con_Licia=Balliamo e cantiamo con Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_il_custode=Angelo il custode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetti_dal_Signore=Benedetti dal Signore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bene_e_il_male=Il bene e il male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butta_la_luna=Butta la luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caro_maestro=Caro maestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Cecilia=Casa Cecilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_bello_delle_donne=Il bello delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Pierpiero=Casa Pierpiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buona_la_prima!=Buona la prima!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_dolce_casa=Casa dolce casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterina_e_le_sue_figlie=Caterina e le sue figlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiara_e_gli_altri=Chiara e gli altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classe_di_ferro=Classe di ferro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_ciclone_in_famiglia=Un ciclone in famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascina_Vianello=Cascina Vianello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commesse=Commesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_(TV_series)=Il commissario (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_commissario_a_Roma=Un commissario a Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_De_Vincenzi=Il commissario De Vincenzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_commissario_Manara=Il commissario Manara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Cesaroni=I Cesaroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimini_bianchi=Crimini bianchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristina,_l'Europa_siamo_noi=Cristina, l'Europa siamo noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cri_Cri=Cri Cri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Montalbano_(TV_series)=Inspector Montalbano (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuore_contro_cuore=Cuore contro cuore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cugino_&_cugino=Cugino & cugino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Bem-Amado_(1973_TV_series)=O Bem-Amado (1973 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomen_huippumalli_haussa_(cycle_4)=Suomen huippumalli haussa (cycle 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desporto_2=Desporto 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_K,_by_the_way=Penelope K, by the way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincerely_Yours_in_Cold_Blood=Sincerely Yours in Cold Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Mouse_Playhouse=Mighty Mouse Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curto_Circuito=Curto Circuito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erin_Burnett_OutFront=Erin Burnett OutFront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Only_Rock_&_Roll_(TV_series)=It's Only Rock & Roll (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_9)=MTV Roadies (season 9)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nation's_Favourite=The Nation's Favourite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diya_Aur_Baati_Hum=Diya Aur Baati Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Kiss_(TV_series)=First Kiss (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Caster=Top Caster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Money:_Ai_no_Nedan=Last Money: Ai no Nedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intervention_Canada=Intervention Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Soap=Dirty Soap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Love_(TV_series)=True Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunted_(TV_series)=Hunted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taira_no_Kiyomori_(Taiga_drama)=Taira no Kiyomori (Taiga drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oka_no_Ue_no_Himawari=Oka no Ue no Himawari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_Out_for_a_Hero_(game_show)=Holding Out for a Hero (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omoide_Zukuri=Omoide Zukuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheers_(Spain)=Cheers (Spain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchi_no_Ko_ni_Kagitte...=Uchi no Ko ni Kagitte...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Cab_(Australian_game_show)=Cash Cab (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Cab_(Canadian_game_show)=Cash Cab (Canadian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Pao_(1993_TV_series)=Justice Pao (1993 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Extreme=The Most Extreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantatte_18_sai!=Nantatte 18 sai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ore_wa_Abare_Hatchaku=Ore wa Abare Hatchaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Files=The Dead Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashita_Ga_Arusa_(TV_series)=Ashita Ga Arusa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Brand's_Big_Splash=Jo Brand's Big Splash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposure_(UK_TV_series)=Exposure (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Ties=Kampong Ties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Brothers_(TV_series)=Three Brothers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry's_Planet_Word=Fry's Planet Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsu_ni_Koisuru_Onnatachi=Natsu ni Koisuru Onnatachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Race_Hub=NASCAR Race Hub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muling_Buksan_Ang_Puso=Muling Buksan Ang Puso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_by_Gaslight_(TV_series)=Fanny by Gaslight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ina,_Kapatid,_Anak=Ina, Kapatid, Anak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Living_with_Sheryl_Borden=Creative Living with Sheryl Borden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Watch_with_Roland_Martin=Washington Watch with Roland Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Icons=The Young Icons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_the_(Bleep)_Did_I_Marry%3F=Who the (Bleep) Did I Marry?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_(Almost)_Got_Away_With_It=I (Almost) Got Away With It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosie_Show=The Rosie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnicface_(TV_series)=Picnicface (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponytail_wa_Furimukanai=Ponytail wa Furimukanai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_InTune_TV=B InTune TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Score_(TV_series)=The Score (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unusual_Suspects_(TV_series)=Unusual Suspects (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Crime_with_Aphrodite_Jones=True Crime with Aphrodite Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turf_War=Turf War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maltin_on_Movies=Maltin on Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TakePart=TakePart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threesome_(TV_series)=Threesome (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rundown_(Philippine_TV_program)=The Rundown (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_delitti_del_cuoco=I delitti del cuoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disokkupati=Disokkupati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dio_vede_e_provvede=Dio vede e provvede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Fumino=Don Fumino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Luca=Don Luca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Tonino=Don Tonino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Detective=Donna Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donne_assassine=Donne assassine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felipe_ha_gli_occhi_azzurri=Felipe ha gli occhi azzurri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_di_Rivombrosa=Elisa di Rivombrosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distretto_di_Polizia=Distretto di Polizia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_per_tre=Due per tre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finalmente_soli=Finalmente soli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fratelli_Benvenuti=Fratelli Benvenuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuori_corso=Fuori corso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiore_e_Tinelli=Fiore e Tinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuoriclasse=Fuoriclasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giallo_sera=Giallo sera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giallo_club._Invito_al_poliziesco=Giallo club. Invito al poliziesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_giudice_Mastrangelo=Il giudice Mastrangelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_incubi_di_Dario_Argento=Gli incubi di Dario Argento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandi_domani=Grandi domani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_Cabaret=Grand Hotel Cabaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino_the_Chicken=Gino the Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_cinque_del_quinto_piano=I cinque del quinto piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-taliani=I-taliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_ragazzi_del_muretto=I ragazzi del muretto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_ragazzi_di_padre_Tobia=I ragazzi di padre Tobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_mammo=Il mammo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Polpo=Il Polpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Io_e_la_mamma=Io e la mamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_vigile_urbano=Il vigile urbano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'ottavo_sigillo=L'ottavo sigillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_triangolo_rosso=Il triangolo rosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_inchieste_del_commissario_Maigret=Le inchieste del commissario Maigret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Restaurant=Italian Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'avvocato_Porta=L'avvocato Porta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_famiglia_Benvenuti=La famiglia Benvenuti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_inviato_molto_speciale=Un inviato molto speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'ispettore_Giusti=L'ispettore Giusti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_pietra_di_Marco_Polo=La pietra di Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'avvocato_delle_donne=L'avvocato delle donne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_storie_di_Farland=Le storie di Farland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vedova_e_il_piedipiatti=La vedova e il piedipiatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturo_&_Kiwi=Arturo & Kiwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_avventure_di_Laura_Storm=Le avventure di Laura Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_liceali=I liceali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licia_dolce_Licia=Licia dolce Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_me_Licia=Love me Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_e_il_brigadiere=Linda e il brigadiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammamia!=Mammamia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_&_Tux=Max & Tux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_maresciallo_Rocca=Il maresciallo Rocca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medici_miei=Medici miei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_misteri_di_Cascina_Vianello=I misteri di Cascina Vianello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nati_ieri=Nati ieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebbia_in_Val_Padana=Nebbia in Val Padana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebbie_e_delitti=Nebbie e delitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noi_siamo_angeli=Noi siamo angeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_e_Felice=Norma e Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NormalMan=NormalMan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_nuova_squadra=La nuova squadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonno_Felice=Nonno Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_la_va,_o_la_spacca=O la va, o la spacca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persone_sconosciute=Persone sconosciute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pazza_famiglia=Pazza famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quei_due_sopra_il_varano=Quei due sopra il varano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'onore_e_il_rispetto=L'onore e il rispetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professione_fantasma=Professione fantasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelli_della_speciale=Quelli della speciale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_peccato_e_la_vergogna=Il peccato e la vergogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provaci_ancora_prof=Provaci ancora prof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_prete_tra_noi=Un prete tra noi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronto_Emergenza=Pronto Emergenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qui_squadra_mobile=Qui squadra mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raccontami=Raccontami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritorna_il_tenente_Sheridan=Ritorna il tenente Sheridan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_G.R.E.M.=Radio G.R.E.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_segreto_del_Sahara=Il segreto del Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sei_forte,_maestro=Sei forte, maestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_squadra_omicidi=Sheridan, squadra omicidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_stagione_dei_delitti=La stagione dei delitti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiamo_bene_insieme=Stiamo bene insieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_supermercato=Il supermercato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_India=Sweet India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teneramente_Licia=Teneramente Licia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terapia_d'urgenza=Terapia d'urgenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_soliti_idioti=I soliti idioti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminenzio=Terminenzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_gli_uomini_sono_uguali=Tutti gli uomini sono uguali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_e_Polpetta=Tracy e Polpetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_ribelle=Terra ribelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_pazzi_per_amore=Tutti pazzi per amore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_per_Bruno=Tutti per Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_passo_dal_cielo=Un passo dal cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tua_sorella=Tua sorella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_medico_legale=Valeria medico legale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicini_di_casa=Vicini di casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Arzilla=Villa Arzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_zio_d'America=Lo zio d'America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Zanardi_33=Via Zanardi 33
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelli_dell'intervallo_in_vacanza=Quelli dell'intervallo in vacanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signore_e_signora=Signore e signora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_4_da=Die 4 da
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_x_45=8 x 45
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11er_Haus=11er Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Abenteuer_des_braven_Soldaten_Schwejk=Die Abenteuer des braven Soldaten Schwejk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Alpensaga=Die Alpensaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_dam_des=Am dam des
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolce_Vita_&_Co=Dolce Vita & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echt_fett=Echt fett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Leitner=Familie Leitner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Petz=Familie Petz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie_Merian=Familie Merian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Gipfelzipfler=Die Gipfelzipfler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_kleine_Haus=Das kleine Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulturkiste=Kulturkiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottan_ermittelt=Kottan ermittelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Leihopa=Der Leihopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_liebe_Familie=Die liebe Familie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Lugners=Die Lugners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Lottosieger=Die Lottosieger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MA_2412=MA 2412
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozart_und_Meisel=Mozart und Meisel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saugut=Saugut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlosshotel_Orth=Schlosshotel Orth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schnell_ermittelt=Schnell ermittelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO_Donau=SOKO Donau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tschuschen:power=Tschuschen:power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vier_Frauen_und_ein_Todesfall=Vier Frauen und ein Todesfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oben_ohne_(TV_series)=Oben ohne (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Knickerbocker-Bande=Die Knickerbocker-Bande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberinspektor_Marek_(TV_series)=Oberinspektor Marek (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tohuwabohu_(TV_series)=Tohuwabohu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlawiner_(TV_series)=Schlawiner (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldheimat_(TV_series)=Waldheimat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trautmann_(TV_series)=Trautmann (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWW_(TV_series)=WWW (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Sunset=Dark Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wataru_Seken_wa_Oni_Bakari=Wataru Seken wa Oni Bakari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinnie_&_Bobby=Vinnie & Bobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educating_Essex=Educating Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Loves_Lucy=Richard Loves Lucy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Virgin=Second Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohe_Rang_De=Mohe Rang De
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Funny_That_Way!=We're Funny That Way!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_todos_en_la_cama=O todos en la cama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeter,_Ie_wo_Kau=Freeter, Ie wo Kau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKE48_no_Magical_Radio=SKE48 no Magical Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Life_(game_show)=The Game of Life (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrabble_Showdown=Scrabble Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PopPixie=PopPixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Sorriso_do_Lagarto=O Sorriso do Lagarto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_City_Rednecks=Rocket City Rednecks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalupe_(telenovela)=Guadalupe (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bognor_(TV_series)=Bognor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Indonesia=The Voice Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_God_(TV_series)=Son of God (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Sex=Bad Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_and_Judy_in_Teleland=Jim and Judy in Teleland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_Lang_ang_Mamahalin_(2011_TV_series)=Ikaw Lang ang Mamahalin (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parade's_End_(TV_series)=Parade's End (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asu_no_Hikari_o_Tsukame=Asu no Hikari o Tsukame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Screenings=Private Screenings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Gospel=Video Gospel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answers_with_Bayless_Conley=Answers with Bayless Conley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Fever_(TV_series)=Gold Fever (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Athlete=The American Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Today_with_James_Robison=Life Today with James Robison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Your_World=Changing Your World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Fishing_with_Dan_Hernandez=Sport Fishing with Dan Hernandez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Bible_with_Les_Feldick=Through the Bible with Les Feldick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Dog!=Bad Dog!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Touch_with_Dr._Charles_Stanley=In Touch with Dr. Charles Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Stories_(TV_series)=Crime Stories (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realtree_Outdoors=Realtree Outdoors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoying_Everyday_Life=Enjoying Everyday Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohisama=Ohisama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today's_Homeowner_with_Danny_Lipford=Today's Homeowner with Danny Lipford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrapbook_Memories=Scrapbook Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinkers_Off=Blinkers Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_&_Traditions=Travels & Traditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Woman=Every Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Gallery_(TV_series)=Shooting Gallery (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._Allen_Smith_Gardens=P. Allen Smith Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_boxeo=Solo boxeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dondo_Hare=Dondo Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_the_Batman=Beware the Batman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemilang_(TV_series)=Gemilang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khushboo_Ka_Ghar=Khushboo Ka Ghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GardenSMART=GardenSMART
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyle_Magazine_(TV_series)=Lifestyle Magazine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quarters_(TV_series)=The Quarters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Desayuno_Alegre=Tu Desayuno Alegre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Guys_Garage=Two Guys Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Francisco_Presenta=Don Francisco Presenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Hit_Wonders_(VH1_TV_series)=One-Hit Wonders (VH1 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accion_(TV_series)=Accion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Music_(TV_series)=World Music (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recipe_TV_Featuring_the_World's_Greatest_Chefs=Recipe TV Featuring the World's Greatest Chefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tim_McCarver_Show=The Tim McCarver Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Standard_Snowboard_Show=The Standard Snowboard Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Outdoors=NASCAR Outdoors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_and_Worst_of_Tred_Barta=The Best and Worst of Tred Barta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Game_(TV_series)=Dangerous Game (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hank_Parker's_Outdoor_Magazine=Hank Parker's Outdoor Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Spetze's_Painting_Wild_Places=Gary Spetze's Painting Wild Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnation_(TV_series)=Carnation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_(UK_TV_series)=Hotel (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Between_the_Lines=Reed Between the Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Rooted_Tree=Deep Rooted Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ako_Ang_Simula=Ako Ang Simula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_(TV_series)=Sign (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hamster_Wheel=The Hamster Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Snoops=Super Snoops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Karaoke=Killer Karaoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Heartland=America's Heartland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Mann_Presents=Art Mann Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowhunter_TV=Bowhunter TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_Goes_to_Washington=Grandpa Goes to Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_Habit=The Daily Habit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designing_Spaces=Designing Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_at_Altitude=Golf at Altitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Wine_Country=In Wine Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Hollywood=Made in Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Match_Fishing=Ultimate Match Fishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega-Carrier=Mega-Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Streets=On the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitido=Nitido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthy_Appetite_with_Ellie_Krieger=Healthy Appetite with Ellie Krieger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Smarts=House Smarts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Tennis=Destination Tennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Hollywood:_Teen_Edition=Made in Hollywood: Teen Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_(TV_series)=Hidden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USL_Breakaways=USL Breakaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_Your_Head=Over Your Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Extreme=Western Extreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Makeover_TV=Animal Makeover TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_and_Awe:_The_Story_of_Electricity=Shock and Awe: The Story of Electricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Control_(TV_series)=Tokyo Control (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_Honour=Code of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avengers_Assemble_(TV_series)=Avengers Assemble (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Hazaaron_Mein_Meri_Behna_Hai=Ek Hazaaron Mein Meri Behna Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funniest_Pets_&_People=Funniest Pets & People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart,_She_Holler=The Heart, She Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Music_Stars=Pakistan Music Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Funniest_Year=My Funniest Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildside_(U.S._TV_series)=Wildside (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanisha_Gets_Married=Tanisha Gets Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouk=Mouk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_Kitchen_(Australia)=Conviction Kitchen (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazotoki_wa_Dinner_no_Ato_de=Nazotoki wa Dinner no Ato de
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underseas_Explorers=The Underseas Explorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havan_(TV_series)=Havan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Pyar_Ka_Pagalpan=Kuch Pyar Ka Pagalpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soffiya=Soffiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honjitsu_wa_Taian_Nari=Honjitsu wa Taian Nari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyebaek_(TV_series)=Gyebaek (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Ripley=Miss Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Credits=Extra Credits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Book_of_Records=The People's Book of Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relocation_Relocation_Australia=Relocation Relocation Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tall_(TV_series)=Walking Tall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_'50s=Back to the '50s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyder's_Web=Spyder's Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Morning_Matters_with_Alan_Partridge=Mid Morning Matters with Alan Partridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Interview_with_Mike_Murphy=The Big Interview with Mike Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmaradana=Asmaradana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_Murder=Legacy of Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sell_Me_the_Answer=Sell Me the Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelito:_Batang_Ama=Angelito: Batang Ama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_in_the_Dogs_Australia=Send in the Dogs Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humse_Hai_Liife=Humse Hai Liife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Lines_(Australian_TV_series)=Between the Lines (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_England_(TV_series)=Little England (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quixote_(TV_series)=Don Quixote (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Room_with_Michael_Shure=The War Room with Michael Shure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Girl=Tokyo Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Stakes_(game_show)=High Stakes (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undermind_(TV_series)=Undermind (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daldalita=Daldalita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Aagawin_Mo_Ang_Langit=Kung Aagawin Mo Ang Langit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahajjud_Cinta_(TV_series)=Tahajjud Cinta (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towards_the_Republic=Towards the Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsu_no_Aji:_A_Taste_of_Honey=Mitsu no Aji: A Taste of Honey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaseifu_no_Mita=Kaseifu no Mita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_(2011_TV_series)=Spy (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principessa=Principessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_Philippines=The X Factor Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juana_Iris=Juana Iris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryujin_Mabuyer=Ryujin Mabuyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Love_(TV_series)=Innocent Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Shuffle=Love Shuffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor:_Ji_Qing_Chang_Xiang=The X Factor: Ji Qing Chang Xiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Indomada=A Indomada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_dos_Milagres=Porto dos Milagres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjo_Mau=Anjo Mau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Doctor=Bull Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Flower_The_Legend_of_Arcana=Heaven's Flower The Legend of Arcana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glamorous_Imperial_Concubine=The Glamorous Imperial Concubine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropicaliente=Tropicaliente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uma_Rosa_com_Amor=Uma Rosa com Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Apocalypse_(film)=Zombie Apocalypse (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Center_with_Brian_Williams=Rock Center with Brian Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_of_Sunshine_Girl=The Haunting of Sunshine Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_of_Brothers_(2011_TV_series)=Twin of Brothers (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_SportsTalk=NBC SportsTalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show_(2011):_Reyes_del_Show=El Gran Show (2011): Reyes del Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Love_Kids=Must Love Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brickleberry=Brickleberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokak=Kokak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nankyoku_Tairiku=Nankyoku Tairiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_Band_of_Ballers=Converse Band of Ballers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Swamp_Recovery=Bear Swamp Recovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love_Miami=Tough Love Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnout:_The_Ultimate_Drag_Race_Challenge=Burnout: The Ultimate Drag Race Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Germany=The Voice of Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_You_Rather...%3F_with_Graham_Norton=Would You Rather...? with Graham Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ferret=The Ferret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dewarists=The Dewarists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbirds_(TV_series)=Thunderbirds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Prosecutor=Vampire Prosecutor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychos_(TV_series)=Psychos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotikatu=Kotikatu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Millionaires_Club=Secret Millionaires Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Rei_do_Gado=O Rei do Gado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banshee_(TV_series)=Banshee (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_to_Remember_(TV_series)=A Song to Remember (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Man_(1995_TV_series)=Action Man (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Hospital_(BBC_TV_series)=Children's Hospital (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meitantei_no_Okite=Meitantei no Okite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanib_Puwersa=Sanib Puwersa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y-Factor_Cyprus_(Season_1)=Y-Factor Cyprus (Season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Man_(2000_TV_series)=Action Man (2000 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimchi_Chronicles=Kimchi Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spa_Qistina=Spa Qistina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walang_Hanggan_(TV_series)=Walang Hanggan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scouted=Scouted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Productions=Great Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glam_Fairy=Glam Fairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Paradise_(TV_series)=Death in Paradise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_Ay_Pag-Ibig=Ikaw Ay Pag-Ibig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borgen_(TV_series)=Borgen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball_Wives=Baseball Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_ng_Agila=Mata ng Agila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_P.I.=Mrs P.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(2012_TV_series)=Legacy (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Scoundrels=Perfect Scoundrels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridiculousness_(TV_series)=Ridiculousness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Sword_and_Dragon_Saber_(1984_TV_series)=The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Rock_N'_Jock=MTV Rock N' Jock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOMEN!=WOMEN!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aikurushii=Aikurushii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Accessory=Project Accessory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Tera_Ghar_Yeh_Mera_Ghar=Yeh Tera Ghar Yeh Mera Ghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toon_Time_(TV_series)=Toon Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qin_Wang_Li_Shimin=Qin Wang Li Shimin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Performance=The Big Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhen_Guan_Zhi_Zhi=Zhen Guan Zhi Zhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_the_Music_(American_TV_series)=Stop the Music (American TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Til_Love_Do_Us_Lie=Til Love Do Us Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Rising=Mississippi Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedystreet=Comedystreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinhai_Geming_(TV_series)=Xinhai Geming (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semesterferien_(TV_series)=Semesterferien (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Monster_High_webisodes=List of Monster High webisodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquele_Beijo=Aquele Beijo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Rap_Battles_of_History=Epic Rap Battles of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roomies_(TV_series)=Roomies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Matters:_Twisted_But_True=Dark Matters: Twisted But True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Hotels=Haunted Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Bake_Off=Junior Bake Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_and_Marie=Nat and Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Human_(TV_series)=Beyond Human (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_(TV_series)=Sydney (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celebrity_Apprentice_Australia_(season_1)=The Celebrity Apprentice Australia (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Ako'y_Iiwan_Mo=Kung Ako'y Iiwan Mo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toda_Max=Toda Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Boy=Top Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_La's_Full_Court_Wedding=La La's Full Court Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Live=The Ultimate Fighter: Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Knight_(TV_series)=The Blue Knight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Sh!t_Men=Free Sh!t Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaiji_Keisatsu=Gaiji Keisatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meatballs_&_Spaghetti=Meatballs & Spaghetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Nation_Shorts=DC Nation Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam's_Got_Talent=Vietnam's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popstars_(Brazil)=Popstars (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_CfC-Stanbic_Bank_Magnate=The CfC-Stanbic Bank Magnate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuan-Yuan_Sword:_Scar_of_Sky=Xuan-Yuan Sword: Scar of Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awkward_Black_Girl=Awkward Black Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairies_of_Liaozhai=The Fairies of Liaozhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mujer_de_Judas_(Mexican_telenovela)=La mujer de Judas (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_Princesses_and_Blind_Dates=Single Princesses and Blind Dates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Days'_Promise=A Thousand Days' Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemistry_(TV_series)=Chemistry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_of_Faffner_Hall=The Ghost of Faffner Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_Beatles=Around the Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Boyard:_Ultimate_Challenge=Fort Boyard: Ultimate Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Stanton's_Great_Big_World=Elizabeth Stanton's Great Big World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_United_States_vs._United_Kingdom=The Ultimate Fighter: United States vs. United Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toc_Toc_Toc=Toc Toc Toc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chidiya_Ghar=Chidiya Ghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._K._Laxman_Ki_Duniya=R. K. Laxman Ki Duniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origins_of_Us=Origins of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_and_Cari=Cash and Cari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raquel_busca_su_sitio=Raquel busca su sitio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler_Didi=Hitler Didi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Jane=Glory Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAB_5=FAB 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah's_Lifeclass=Oprah's Lifeclass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappeared_(TV_series)=Disappeared (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madigan_(TV_series)=Madigan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humsafar=Humsafar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Vibes_(U.S._TV_series)=Good Vibes (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Stars_(documentary_series)=Rock Stars (documentary series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Me_Anthea,_I'm_Infested=Help Me Anthea, I'm Infested
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_La's_Full_Court_Life=La La's Full Court Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaeloo=Kaeloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excitante=Excitante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_(TV_series)=Brain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.U.I._(TV_series)=D.U.I. (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_garante=El garante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gofrette=Gofrette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Refugio_para_el_Amor=Un Refugio para el Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Rescue=Bar Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Pinoy_Edition_(season_1)=The Biggest Loser Pinoy Edition (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_with_Alex_Wagner=Now with Alex Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambler,_the_Girl_and_the_Gunslinger=The Gambler, the Girl and the Gunslinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey,_Hey,_Hey,_It's_Fat_Albert=Hey, Hey, Hey, It's Fat Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_(2006_TV_programme)=Witness (2006 TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave's_Old_Porn=Dave's Old Porn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listening_Post_(TV_programme)=Listening Post (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smith_Family_(TV_series)=The Smith Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Extreme_Animal_Phobia=My Extreme Animal Phobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuko_no_Koi=Suzuko no Koi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_India_(season_1)=MasterChef India (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_India_(season_2)=MasterChef India (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oath_(TV_series)=The Oath (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Dead=Talking Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_(TV_series)=Silas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mirror_(TV_series)=Black Mirror (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_For_15=Fame For 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabs_Got_Talent=Arabs Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic_Book_Men=Comic Book Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_for_Sale=Secrets for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Layover=The Layover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBTV_(Thames)=CBTV (Thames)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRANSform_Me=TRANSform Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_(TV_series)=Coal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_(TV_series)=Rob (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_White_(1966_TV_series)=The Woman in White (1966 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead:_Torn_Apart=The Walking Dead: Torn Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mako:_Island_of_Secrets=Mako: Island of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Doyle_Live=Craig Doyle Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Fringe_2011=On the Fringe 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Freedom=Saturday Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_Wives_Chicago=Mob Wives Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Text_Santa=Text Santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly's_Full_House=Beverly's Full House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Baskets=The Last of the Baskets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Rain_(TV_series)=Love Rain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_in_Need_2011=Children in Need 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Just_Want_My_Pants_Back=I Just Want My Pants Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Story_(TV_programme)=Inside Story (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycling_Central=Cycling Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampsi=Lampsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pari_Hoon_Main=Pari Hoon Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie's_Bow-Toons=Minnie's Bow-Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schulz_&_Schulz=Schulz & Schulz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dekha_Ek_Khwaab=Dekha Ek Khwaab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricky_Business_(Australian_TV_series)=Tricky Business (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Deserve_It=You Deserve It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Hand_(TV_series)=The Right Hand (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_East=101 East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_My_Love=Only You My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_Republic_(TV_series)=5th Republic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybrid_(film)=Hybrid (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Scousewives=Desperate Scousewives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry!=Hungry!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saigo_Kara_Nibanme_no_Koi=Saigo Kara Nibanme no Koi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deka_Kurokawa_Suzuki=Deka Kurokawa Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renai_Neet:_Wasureta_Koi_no_Hajimekata=Renai Neet: Wasureta Koi no Hajimekata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Prey=Mission to Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_2_Cities=A Tale of 2 Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putri_yang_Ditukar=Putri yang Ditukar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reason_I_Can't_Find_My_Love=The Reason I Can't Find My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Britain!=That's Britain!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Tabloid=Sergeant Tabloid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mali_(TV_series)=Mali (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Gaga_Thanksgiving=A Very Gaga Thanksgiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afsar_Bitiya=Afsar Bitiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triggers:_Weapons_That_Changed_the_World=Triggers: Weapons That Changed the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoops_&_Yoyo_Ruin_Christmas=Hoops & Yoyo Ruin Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Cash=Instant Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cavanaughs_(TV_series)=The Cavanaughs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huang_Yanpei_(TV_series)=Huang Yanpei (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Es_muss_nicht_immer_Kaviar_sein_(TV_series)=Es muss nicht immer Kaviar sein (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maat_(TV_series)=Maat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_of_the_Wildman=Call of the Wildman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_Insecurity_(TV_series)=Witness Insecurity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reef_Doctors=Reef Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Key=The Seventh Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocDaMic=RocDaMic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhri_Barish=Akhri Barish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Monsters_(game_show)=Little Monsters (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safebreakers=Safebreakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Stoop=Talk Stoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build_or_Bust=Build or Bust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Omniverse=Ben 10: Omniverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_with...=A Night with...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Last_Time=For the Last Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_Only_(TV_series)=One Night Only (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjha=Sanjha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meray_Qatil_Meray_Dildar=Meray Qatil Meray Dildar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_Season_Six=Bellator Fighting Championships: Season Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia's_Next_Top_Model=Asia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panselinos=Panselinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khwaab_Ankhain_Khwahish_Chehre=Khwaab Ankhain Khwahish Chehre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bleak_Old_Shop_of_Stuff=The Bleak Old Shop of Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Wars:_Texas=Storage Wars: Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujhay_Roothnay_Na_Daina=Mujhay Roothnay Na Daina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Dinner_Party=The Devil's Dinner Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Blaue_Palais=Das Blaue Palais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor's_Vegetable_Store=Bachelor's Vegetable Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-American_Muslim=All-American Muslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Zwo=Alexander Zwo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_(U.S._TV_series)=The X Factor (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_All_About_Amy=It's All About Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_in_Primetime=America in Primetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujhay_Sandal_Kar_Do=Mujhay Sandal Kar Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatti_Meethi_Zindagi=Khatti Meethi Zindagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phir_Chand_Pe_Dastak=Phir Chand Pe Dastak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.I._&_Tiny:_The_Family_Hustle=T.I. & Tiny: The Family Hustle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Adventure_(Hong_Kong_TV_series)=The Great Adventure (Hong Kong TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painted_Skin_(TV_series)=Painted Skin (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_10:_Ultimate_Challenge=Ben 10: Ultimate Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Klasik=Crime Klasik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_You_(TV_series)=With You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohabbat_Rooth_Jaye_Toh=Mohabbat Rooth Jaye Toh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artie_Lange_Show=The Artie Lange Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Shrimpin'=Big Shrimpin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aks_(2011_TV_series)=Aks (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meray_Khwab_Raiza_Raiza=Meray Khwab Raiza Raiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Naseeb=Mera Naseeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Recipe=Love Recipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polseres_vermelles=Polseres vermelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_Falling_from_the_Sky=Stars Falling from the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Deal_(U.S._TV_show)=Real Deal (U.S. TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Love_(TV_series)=Women in Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Screen_(TV_series)=Split Screen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_(Albanian_TV_series)=X Factor (Albanian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophets_of_Science_Fiction=Prophets of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II_in_HD_Colour=World War II in HD Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randling=Randling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recruits:_Paramedics=Recruits: Paramedics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_City_Hall=Inside City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Live_Korea=Saturday Night Live Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_England_'88=This Is England '88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servants_(TV_series)=Servants (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundo_Man_ay_Magunaw=Mundo Man ay Magunaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumayo_Ka_Man_Sa_Akin=Lumayo Ka Man Sa Akin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_(TV_series)=Ana (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riyasat=Riyasat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales_This_Week=Wales This Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_UK_(series_5)=The Biggest Loser UK (series 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobb'e_Says=Bobb'e Says
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Fructose_Adventures_of_Annoying_Orange=The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_L.A._Complex=The L.A. Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weed_Wars=Weed Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_for_Love_(TV_series)=Fight for Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachael_vs._Guy:_Celebrity_Cook-Off=Rachael vs. Guy: Celebrity Cook-Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Faktor_(Slovenia)=X Faktor (Slovenia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Evolution=Metal Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Whiz=Kitchen Whiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Brazil=The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokumei_Sentai_Go-Busters=Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Talk_with_Tamara_Bull=First Talk with Tamara Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_No_Excuses=The Biggest Loser: No Excuses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Insoo=Queen Insoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TwinKomplex=TwinKomplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alyona_Show=The Alyona Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsupervised=Unsupervised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Straight_(reality_show)=Going Straight (reality show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilyhammer=Lilyhammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrossTalk=CrossTalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Sweetheart=Rainbow Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perez_Hilton_Superfan=Perez Hilton Superfan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsellables_(UK_TV_series)=The Unsellables (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon's_Mob=Shannon's Mob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_Mana_Melani=Di Mana Melani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Casa_das_Sete_Mulheres=A Casa das Sete Mulheres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Picture_Show=The Fabulous Picture Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Christmas=Lost Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Doctor_Who=Whose Doctor Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who:_Thirty_Years_in_the_TARDIS=Doctor Who: Thirty Years in the TARDIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Road_and_a_Will=A Road and a Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekends_with_Alex_Witt=Weekends with Alex Witt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Lakshmi_Tere_Aangan_Ki=Main Lakshmi Tere Aangan Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Hour_(Canadian_news_program)=News Hour (Canadian news program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saiko_no_Jinsei=Saiko no Jinsei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Ke_Dev...Mahadev=Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_Ur_Girlfriend=Steal Ur Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Storage_Wars_episodes=List of Storage Wars episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Se_Di_Dua..._Saubhagyavati_Bhava%3F=Dil Se Di Dua... Saubhagyavati Bhava?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unriddle_2=Unriddle 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Flame=Burning Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruk_Jaana_Nahin=Ruk Jaana Nahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Trails_and_Ghost_Towns=Gold Trails and Ghost Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Flame_II=Burning Flame II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonshiners_(TV_series)=Moonshiners (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_Things_You_Need_To_Know=James May's Things You Need To Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Clarkson:_Meets_the_Neighbours=Jeremy Clarkson: Meets the Neighbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Is_the_New_Black=Orange Is the New Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria's_Next_Topmodel_(cycle_4)=Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Brad,_Brad_World=It's a Brad, Brad World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Ka_King=Ring Ka King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2012=Star Awards 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invention_USA=Invention USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_James_Herriot=Young James Herriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padam_Padam..._The_Sound_of_His_and_Her_Heartbeats=Padam Padam... The Sound of His and Her Heartbeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsellables_(TV_series)=The Unsellables (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Byrne_Presents=Jennifer Byrne Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Battle_of_the_Exes=The Challenge: Battle of the Exes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Guns=American Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joys_of_Life=Joys of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moore_Show=The Moore Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Mania=Ad Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Apocalypse=Viking Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newsroom_(U.S._TV_series)=The Newsroom (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_(documentary)=Moses (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_cautivo=Amor cautivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur_Kshetra=Sur Kshetra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokosei_Restaurant=Kokosei Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojakgyo_Family=Ojakgyo Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Santa_Claus=The Story of Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_&_Girl_Band_Indonesia=Boy & Girl Band Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacch_Ka_Saamna_(season_1)=Sacch Ka Saamna (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_Enforcers=Law Enforcers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Freddie,_The_Widow_and_Me=Fast Freddie, The Widow and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_Queen=Material Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_ella_soy_Eva=Por ella soy Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custe_o_Que_Custar=Custe o Que Custar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_in_the_Heart=Rain in the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dareecha=Dareecha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_Your_Neighbours=Meet Your Neighbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_(TV_series)=Isabel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Still_Standing%3F=Who's Still Standing?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Bodyguard=The Royal Bodyguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czas_honoru=Czas honoru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajun_Pawn_Stars=Cajun Pawn Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_(TV_series)=Girls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binar_Bening_Berlian=Binar Bening Berlian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beloved=My Beloved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marketplace_(Irish_TV_series)=Marketplace (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kya_Huaa_Tera_Vaada=Kya Huaa Tera Vaada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipping_Wars=Shipping Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaichuang_Shengshi=Kaichuang Shengshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiexue_Changping=Tiexue Changping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Zetian_(1995_TV_series)=Wu Zetian (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosperity_(Matrix_Vision_TV_series)=Prosperity (Matrix Vision TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebirth_of_a_King=The Rebirth of a King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(1972_film)=The Hound of the Baskervilles (1972 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles_(TV_serial)=The Hound of the Baskervilles (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations_(2011_TV_serial)=Great Expectations (2011 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thangam_(TV_series)=Thangam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvin_and_Maureen's_Music-a-grams=Melvin and Maureen's Music-a-grams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomb_Girls=Bomb Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eva_Gabor_Show=The Eva Gabor Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Start=Early Start
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Point=Starting Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Inches=Three Inches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Grinders=Wild Grinders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Herbalist_Affair=A Herbalist Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Protection=Ultra Protection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mighty-in-Laws=My Mighty-in-Laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Bonus=Double Bonus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandoned_(TV_series)=Abandoned (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracy_Beaker_Survival_Files=Tracy Beaker Survival Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BoBoiBoy=BoBoiBoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Law=Eternal Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placebo_Cure=Placebo Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexi_Mong=Sexi Mong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavour_(TV_series)=Endeavour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah_Prime=Oprah Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Connolly's_Route_66=Billy Connolly's Route 66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natalia_del_Mar=Natalia del Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Mrs_O'Brien=Leave It to Mrs O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaMerotz_LaMillion=HaMerotz LaMillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race:_China_Rush=The Amazing Race: China Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excess_Baggage_(Australian_TV_series)=Excess Baggage (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra!_Extra!_Read_All_About_It!=Extra! Extra! Read All About It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bank_Job_(game_show)=The Bank Job (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_Philippines=The Amazing Race Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rock_Medical=Hard Rock Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Makeover:_Home_Edition_Philippines=Extreme Makeover: Home Edition Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Game_Show_In_The_World_(Asia)=The Biggest Game Show In The World (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Now_Mr_T=Time Now Mr T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Eileen=Being Eileen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_and_I=Princess and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_My_Friend=Me and My Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_the_Cap_Fits=If the Cap Fits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OBKB=OBKB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Over_Evil=Triumph Over Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Too,_Flower!=Me Too, Flower!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_and_Switch=Wish and Switch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Asian_Veggie_Table=South Asian Veggie Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Around_the_Corner=School Around the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum_Dena_Saath_Mera_(Life_OK)=Tum Dena Saath Mera (Life OK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Marry_My_Boy=Please Marry My Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impractical_Jokers=Impractical Jokers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Embracing_the_Sun=Moon Embracing the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anash_and_the_Legacy_of_the_Sun-Rock=Anash and the Legacy of the Sun-Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rez_Bluez=Rez Bluez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_on_Top=Music on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_5=Danger 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jenny_McCarthy_Show_(2013)=The Jenny McCarthy Show (2013)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugs,_Inc.=Drugs, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_(UK_TV_series)=Stella (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_Fielding's_Luxury_Comedy=Noel Fielding's Luxury Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_a_Marriage_(TV_series)=Portrait of a Marriage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comic_Book_Greats=The Comic Book Greats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_at_Work_(TV_series)=Men at Work (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_A_Thief_(1979_TV_series)=It Takes A Thief (1979 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detentionaire=Detentionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathy_(TV_series)=Kathy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Tardy=Don't Be Tardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Enemies_(TV_series)=Public Enemies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journo_(TV_series)=Journo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fish_(TV_series)=Big Fish (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Up_(TV_series)=Coming Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tjuvarnas_jul=Tjuvarnas jul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudpit_(TV_series)=Mudpit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_at_Large=Justice at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Lagos=Welcome to Lagos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Story_Toons=Toy Story Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst_Driver_television_franchise=Worst Driver television franchise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_and_Scroungers=Saints and Scroungers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabocla=Cabocla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Profeta=O Profeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Romance_(TV_series)=Wild Romance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cassidys_(TV_series)=The Cassidys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plim_Plim=Plim Plim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Toughest_Trucker=World's Toughest Trucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Cabramatta=Once Upon a Time in Cabramatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_&_Peele=Key & Peele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'oubliez_pas_les_paroles!=N'oubliez pas les paroles!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Dangerous_Robin=The Case of the Dangerous Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehar_Bano_aur_Shah_Bano=Mehar Bano aur Shah Bano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadamat=Nadamat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-pop_Star=K-pop Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedding_Band=Wedding Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teppan_(TV_series)=Teppan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Nation=Dancing Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanta_Pilipinas=Kanta Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Vow_(TV_series)=Broken Vow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jose_and_Wally_Show_Starring_Vic_Sotto=The Jose and Wally Show Starring Vic Sotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas_Strip_(TV_series)=Vegas Strip (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Potatoes_(1999_TV_series)=Small Potatoes (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Castles=America's Castles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Eats=Amazing Eats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duo=The Duo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Air=Arctic Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lu_and_Bun=Lu and Bun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Client_(TV_series)=The Client (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anugerah=Anugerah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oka_Tokat_(2012_TV_series)=Oka Tokat (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_That_Door!_(TV_series)=Shut That Door! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred:_The_Show=Fred: The Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cat_from_Hell=My Cat from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_White's_Off_Their_Rockers=Betty White's Off Their Rockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_Man=The Soul Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patriot_Yue_Fei=The Patriot Yue Fei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Kublai_Khan=The Legend of Kublai Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malegaon_Ka_Chintu=Malegaon Ka Chintu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moyers_&_Company=Moyers & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_the_Midwife=Call the Midwife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exit_List=The Exit List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(1951_TV_series)=Sherlock Holmes (1951 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Knows_Ireland_Best%3F=Who Knows Ireland Best?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_and_Lisa_(TV_series)=Gaspard and Lisa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners'_Wives=Prisoners' Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofia_the_First=Sofia the First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carosello=Carosello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamais_deux_sans_toi...t=Jamais deux sans toi...t
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Sit!=Oh Sit!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Death_Row=On Death Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Your_Husband_To_Heel=Bring Your Husband To Heel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aztec_Massacre=Aztec Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulheres_Ricas=Mulheres Ricas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_O'Clock_Club=4 O'Clock Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_High_2=Dream High 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Legends'_House=WWE Legends' House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Star_King_episodes=List of Star King episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleground_(TV_series)=Battleground (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RM_1,000,000_Money_Drop=RM 1,000,000 Money Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Faktorius=X Faktorius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_(TV_series)=Copper (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highs_and_Lows=Highs and Lows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Bryan=Leave It to Bryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_Swap_(U.S._TV_series)=Wife Swap (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Suburban=Urban Suburban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadget_Geeks=Gadget Geeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moone_Boy=Moone Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loop_(Australian_TV_series)=The Loop (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Worst_Mom=World's Worst Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_House,_Your_Money=My House, Your Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Gear_Korea=Top Gear Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unchained_Reaction=Unchained Reaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idea_Jalsa=Idea Jalsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidon_(TV_series)=Poseidon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Ming_Wangchao_1566=Da Ming Wangchao 1566
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biritera=Biritera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Soleil:_Fire_Within=Cirque du Soleil: Fire Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum_Jo_Miley=Tum Jo Miley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slingshot=The Slingshot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Presidents:_Life_Portraits=American Presidents: Life Portraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Front=Family Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Fools=The Three Fools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthflight=Earthflight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskurati_Morning=Muskurati Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifelines_(Irish_TV_series)=Lifelines (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_at_Large=Davis at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabbages_and_Kings_(BBC)=Cabbages and Kings (BBC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anggulo_(TV_series)=Anggulo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_Girls_and_a_Dad=5 Girls and a Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoobles!_(anime)=Zoobles! (anime)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upstairs_Downstairs_(2010_TV_series)=Upstairs Downstairs (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Abney_&_Teal=The Adventures of Abney & Teal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q'Viva!_The_Chosen=Q'Viva! The Chosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genealogy_Roadshow=The Genealogy Roadshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdsong_(TV_serial)=Birdsong (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_(1988_film)=Lincoln (1988 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Humans=Real Humans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBilib=IBilib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Daughter=The Good Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_vs_Aliens=Wizards vs Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Gay=Growing Up Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chu_Han_Zhengxiong=Chu Han Zhengxiong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_Inc.=Redemption Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailando_2012=Bailando 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Reversals=Queen of Reversals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_Boy_Logro:_Kusina_Master=Chef Boy Logro: Kusina Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Gunmen_(TV_series)=The Lone Gunmen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Padroeira=A Padroeira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Spring_(TV_series)=Second Spring (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillow_Talk_(TV_series)=Pillow Talk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodistan=Foodistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_&_the_Beast_(2012_TV_series)=Beauty & the Beast (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_Boy_Ramen_Shop=Flower Boy Ramen Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lab_Rats_(TV_series)=Lab Rats (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_City_News=Crown City News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Bug_Wars=Monster Bug Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showbiz_Inside_Report=Showbiz Inside Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_Town=Romance Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_(TV_series)=Soul (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Kill=Those Who Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passione_(telenovela)=Passione (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdie_Buddy=Birdie Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Laredo_(TV_miniseries)=Streets of Laredo (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(2013_TV_series)=Sherlock Holmes (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Phone_Genie=My Phone Genie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Writers:_A_Journey_Through_History=American Writers: A Journey Through History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Bungisngis_and_her_Wonder_Walis=Alice Bungisngis and her Wonder Walis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Han_Triumph=The Han Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thorn_Birds_(2011_TV_series)=The Thorn Birds (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacker_Time=Hacker Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Son=Perfect Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Mad_World_(TV_series)=Mad Mad World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorned:_Love_Kills=Scorned: Love Kills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_and_Secrets=Sins and Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaun_Micallef's_Mad_as_Hell=Shaun Micallef's Mad as Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Child=21st Century Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Charming=Absolutely Charming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_City_(TV_series)=Brick City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarre_Foods_America=Bizarre Foods America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedward's_Big_Adventure=Jedward's Big Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_Harris-Perry_(TV_series)=Melissa Harris-Perry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_Agreed_Upon=Lies Agreed Upon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYC_22=NYC 22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telling_Stories_with_Tomie_dePaola=Telling Stories with Tomie dePaola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_You_See_It_(Australian_game_show)=Now You See It (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Bit_TV=A Little Bit TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destino_de_Mujer=Destino de Mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puberty_Blues_(TV_series)=Puberty Blues (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musical_(TV_series)=The Musical (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_of_Britain=Genius of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Hope=Saving Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMP_(TV_series)=IMP (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailangan_Ko'y_Ikaw_(TV_series)=Kailangan Ko'y Ikaw (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_King_(TV_series)=Fashion King (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chowtime_Na!=Chowtime Na!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Mysteries_with_Jeff_Corwin=Ocean Mysteries with Jeff Corwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_na_Puso=Hiram na Puso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_DAT_Com=Celebrity DAT Com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Million_Star_1=Chinese Million Star 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Men=Inside Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_Machine_with_Nia_Peeples=The Party Machine with Nia Peeples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Learning_Channel's_Great_Books=The Learning Channel's Great Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ming_Dynasty_(TV_series)=Ming Dynasty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shubh_Vivah=Shubh Vivah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesslers_Knigge=Kesslers Knigge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Max_Headroom_Show=The Max Headroom Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridal_Mask=Bridal Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooky_Valentine=Spooky Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Hip_Hop:_Atlanta=Love & Hip Hop: Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Cloak=Shadow of the Cloak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_West_II=Journey to the West II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Fringe_1987=On the Fringe 1987
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Works_(2010s_TV_series)=The Works (2010s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_(TV_series)=The Hotel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_Up_Flower_Boy_Band=Shut Up Flower Boy Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Peninsula_(TV_series)=Korean Peninsula (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/League_Sunday=League Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Witness_Video=I Witness Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnetka_Road=Winnetka Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talent_Show_Story=The Talent Show Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Cross_ER:_St_Vincent's_Hospital=Kings Cross ER: St Vincent's Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syndrome_(TV_series)=Syndrome (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_Annual=The Comedy Annual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLS_on_NBC=MLS on NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_Stories=Birth Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Megaforce=Power Rangers Megaforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Matters_(Philippine_TV_series)=Family Matters (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descendant=The Descendant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Luna=Anna Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_Queen_(TV_programme)=The Diamond Queen (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komuna_e_Parisit=Komuna e Parisit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Riders_(TV_series)=Storm Riders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defiance_(TV_series)=Defiance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diahann_Carroll_Show=The Diahann Carroll Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Law=True Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moi_et_l'autre=Moi et l'autre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Petko_Voivode_(TV_series)=Captain Petko Voivode (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_World_Sport=Trans World Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamander_Guru_and_The_Shadows=Salamander Guru and The Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Resort_(U.S._TV_series)=Last Resort (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_(2012_TV_series)=Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Were_They_Thinking%3F=What Were They Thinking?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_&_Son=Sullivan & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Aajji_Aur_Sahib=Me Aajji Aur Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chris_Gethard_Show=The Chris Gethard Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHiPs=CHiPs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pauly_D_Project=The Pauly D Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangshan_Weizhong=Jiangshan Weizhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devotion_(TV_series)=Devotion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaolin_King_of_Martial_Arts=Shaolin King of Martial Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_the_Everlasting_Hero=Trail of the Everlasting Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_tredicesimo_apostolo=Il tredicesimo apostolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Depth=In Depth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Money_(BBC_TV_series)=Show Me the Money (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_a_Salaryman=History of a Salaryman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_with_Velez=Weekend with Velez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Grow_a_Planet=How to Grow a Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Street_(U.S._TV_series)=Dream Street (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Ways=Around the World in 80 Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luv_U=Luv U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medics_(UK_TV_series)=Medics (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supertorpe=Supertorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Bridges:_What's_the_Story%3F=Kevin Bridges: What's the Story?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Hell=Hotel Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agenda_with_Tom_Bradby=The Agenda with Tom Bradby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardy_Boys_(1995_TV_series)=The Hardy Boys (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Squad_(2005)=Special Squad (2005)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_Blake_Mysteries=The Doctor Blake Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Club=Good Morning Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taburakashi:_Daiko_Joyugyo_Maki=Taburakashi: Daiko Joyugyo Maki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umechan_Sensei=Umechan Sensei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milagros_(telenovela)=Milagros (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Luv_My_India=I Luv My India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pramface=Pramface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilipinas_News=Pilipinas News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapitan_Awesome=Kapitan Awesome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_'N_Go=Game 'N Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beloved_Sister=My Beloved Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Housewife=American Housewife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nad_lipom_35=Nad lipom 35
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield_(1966_TV_serial)=David Copperfield (1966 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan_(ATV)=Genghis Khan (ATV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jullovsmorgon=Jullovsmorgon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommarlovsmorgon=Sommarlovsmorgon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charice:_One_for_the_Heart=Charice: One for the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tube_(2012_TV_series)=The Tube (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Kingdoms_of_Africa=Lost Kingdoms of Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meu_Bem_Querer=Meu Bem Querer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Patrol=African Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sajda_Tere_Pyaar_Mein=Sajda Tere Pyaar Mein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_G._Live=Sarah G. Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Add_a_Friend=Add a Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_of_the_Family_(TV_variety_show)=Star of the Family (TV variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunted_(web_series)=The Hunted (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wordaholics=Wordaholics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protecting_Our_Children=Protecting Our Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Festival=Ford Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Nguyen's_Vietnam=Luke Nguyen's Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooftop_Prince=Rooftop Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebound_(TV_series)=Rebound (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Care_of_Us,_Captain=Take Care of Us, Captain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_List=The Next List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_&_Oliver=Watson & Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_625=Jazz 625
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scope_(Australian_TV_series)=Scope (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Thy_Neighbour_(TV_series)=Love Thy Neighbour (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Bad_Ad_Show=The Mad Bad Ad Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mortified_Sessions=The Mortified Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unofficial_Sentai_Akibaranger=Unofficial Sentai Akibaranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Randall=Steve Randall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata-e-Jaan_Hai_Tu=Mata-e-Jaan Hai Tu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Fred=Lucky Fred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Chefin=Die Chefin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Chu_Liuxiang_(2012_TV_series)=The Legend of Chu Liuxiang (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punar_Vivah=Punar Vivah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_Sword=The Blood Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_Sword_2=The Blood Sword 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_a_Married_Man=Secrets of a Married Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Yang_Guifei=The Legend of Yang Guifei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_Davi=Rei Davi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_Falls=Gravity Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Tang_Fu_Rong_Yuan=Da Tang Fu Rong Yuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_II_(TV_series)=Palace II (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawan_Biang_(2008_TV_series)=Sawan Biang (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sood_Sanae_Ha=Sood Sanae Ha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahs_of_Sunset=Shahs of Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Lady_Yang=The Legend of Lady Yang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_(TV_series)=Spartacus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermentation_Family=Fermentation Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Proposal=Operation Proposal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragged_Isle=Ragged Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_Descarado=Amor Descarado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(Danish/Swedish_TV_series)=The Bridge (Danish/Swedish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_World:_St._Thomas=The Real World: St. Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snooki_&_Jwoww=Snooki & Jwoww
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairprice_Family_Cook_Off_(S2)=Fairprice Family Cook Off (S2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Unexplained=Death Unexplained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Mom_3=Teen Mom 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Vancouver=The Real Housewives of Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuga_(TV_series)=Shuga (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Man_and_the_Ghostly_Adventures=Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keith_Lemon's_LemonAid=Keith Lemon's LemonAid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahil_Sa_Pag-ibig=Dahil Sa Pag-ibig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYC_Arts=NYC Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_Knights_Errant=Invincible Knights Errant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life:_An_Idiot's_Guide=Life: An Idiot's Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Your_Round=It's Your Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_(1981_TV_series)=Maggie (1981 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Live_(Irish_TV_series)=Four Live (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alexis_de_Tocqueville_Tour:_Exploring_Democracy_in_America=The Alexis de Tocqueville Tour: Exploring Democracy in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neengalum_Vellalam_Oru_Kodi=Neengalum Vellalam Oru Kodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Bao_(2010_TV_series)=Justice Bao (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakfu_(TV_series)=Wakfu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter_Culture_(TV_pilot)=Counter Culture (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Junior_and_Sistar's_Hello_Baby=Super Junior and Sistar's Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Bao_(2008_TV_series)=Justice Bao (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_Canada=The Bachelor Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Neighbourhood=Million Dollar Neighbourhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_the_Equator=Man from the Equator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrapa_los_Millones=Atrapa los Millones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Vietnam=The Voice of Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_in...=Our Man in...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Heroes_(TV_series)=Rescue Heroes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walter_Compton_News=The Walter Compton News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_Red_Dust=Romance of Red Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Flying_Songs_of_Tang_Dynasty=High Flying Songs of Tang Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Legend_of_the_Tang_Dynasty=Love Legend of the Tang Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannadada_Kotyadhipati=Kannadada Kotyadhipati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dunhuang=The Great Dunhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Preppers=Doomsday Preppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugget_About_It=Fugget About It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_History_of_Empress_Wu=Secret History of Empress Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_the_Desert_(TV_series)=Sound of the Desert (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Guard_(TV_series)=The White Guard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Light_Entertainment=The Story of Light Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eigen_Huis_&_Tuin=Eigen Huis & Tuin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallout:_Nuka_Break=Fallout: Nuka Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_City_in_Snow_Heaven=Lost City in Snow Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tang_Ming_Huang_(TV_series)=Tang Ming Huang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_X_with_Russell_Brand=Brand X with Russell Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Slug_News=Banana Slug News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Zi_Bei_Ge=Wu Zi Bei Ge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Desire_(TV_series)=Palace of Desire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Bradford_British=Make Bradford British
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_Empress_Wu=The Shadow of Empress Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is...(TV_Series)=This is...(TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feherty_(TV_series)=Feherty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panel_Quiz_Attack_25=Panel Quiz Attack 25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleverdicks=Cleverdicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorite_Song_(TV_series)=Favorite Song (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_of_the_Tang_Dynasty=Women of the Tang Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_World_(TV_series)=Beauty World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_College_Basketball_on_ABC=ESPN College Basketball on ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Detective_Di_Renjie_4=Amazing Detective Di Renjie 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Detective_Di_Renjie_3=Amazing Detective Di Renjie 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Detective_Di_Renjie_2=Amazing Detective Di Renjie 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Detective_Di_Renjie=Amazing Detective Di Renjie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovers_in_Prague=Lovers in Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhirlGirl=WhirlGirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_1895=Taiwan 1895
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentworth_(TV_series)=Wentworth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville_(2012_TV_series)=Nashville (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Animals_(miniseries)=Political Animals (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Greatest_Know-It-All=Canada's Greatest Know-It-All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_TV=Stevie TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ba_Qian_Li_Lu_Yun_He_Yue_(1988_TV_series)=Ba Qian Li Lu Yun He Yue (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_See_'Round_Corners_(TV_series)=You Can't See 'Round Corners (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sose_Thanda_Sowbhagya=Sose Thanda Sowbhagya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lingo_Show=The Lingo Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voz..._Argentina=La Voz... Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementary_(TV_series)=Elementary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/365_Wun_Haeng_Rak=365 Wun Haeng Rak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(South_African_TV_series)=So You Think You Can Dance (South African TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_11223=Brooklyn 11223
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Back_in_Anger_(TV_series)=Look Back in Anger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F1_Legends=F1 Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sarah_Millican_Television_Programme=The Sarah Millican Television Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Life_(TV_series)=Pop Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/666_Park_Avenue=666 Park Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittaya_Subphayuth=Wittaya Subphayuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Dragon=The Birthday Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_Recipe_Rocks=My Family Recipe Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastana_Mahi=Mastana Mahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_at_the_Castle=Crisis at the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joueur_du_Grenier=Joueur du Grenier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_family=Bates family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(UK_TV_series)=Superstar (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Paradise=Al Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lights_and_Shadows_(TV_series)=Lights and Shadows (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celebrity_Apprentice_Australia_(season_2)=The Celebrity Apprentice Australia (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjernevask=Hjernevask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka's_Killing_Fields:_War_Crimes_Unpunished=Sri Lanka's Killing Fields: War Crimes Unpunished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IndyCar_Series_on_NBC=IndyCar Series on NBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Pearl=The Holy Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interviews_Before_Execution=Interviews Before Execution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistresses_(U.S._TV_series)=Mistresses (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice_24/7=Venice 24/7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperXclusivo=SuperXclusivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kejora_dan_Bintang=Kejora dan Bintang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisa_(soap_opera)=Alisa (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Kingston=Hotel Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanah_dalam_Cinta=Amanah dalam Cinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Court:_10-dai_Saiban=Teen Court: 10-dai Saiban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gordin_Cell=The Gordin Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yours_Fatefully=Yours Fatefully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Road_(TV_series)=Rocky Road (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakaway_(game_show)=Breakaway (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Escape_(U.S._TV_series)=The Great Escape (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Text=The Joy of Text
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Routes=Escape Routes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mutual_Friend_(1976_TV_serial)=Our Mutual Friend (1976 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Plates=Around the World in 80 Plates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Cute_(TV_series)=Too Cute (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Listing_New_York=Million Dollar Listing New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_(TV_series)=High School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvyn_Bragg_on_Class_and_Culture=Melvyn Bragg on Class and Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gentleman's_Dignity=A Gentleman's Dignity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_What_Happens:_Live=Watch What Happens: Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fondant_Garden=Fondant Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_from_Space:_Galactic_Wars=Message from Space: Galactic Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Brunch=Sunday Brunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant_Stakeout=Restaurant Stakeout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Jerrod=Ben Jerrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mockingbird_Lane=Mockingbird Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_tippmodell=Eesti tippmodell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chat_Room_(TV_show)=Chat Room (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Week_Thus_Far=The Week Thus Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Guns=Top Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laws_of_Attraction_(TV_series)=Laws of Attraction (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Dear_Wife=Goodbye Dear Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrit_Manthan=Amrit Manthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Bible_Challenge=The American Bible Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clutch_(web_series)=Clutch (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(2012_TV_series)=Empire (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_by_Night_(TV_series)=Fly by Night (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_UK=The Voice UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Moms:_Miami=Dance Moms: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pitch_(TV_series)=The Pitch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_2_Hearts=The King 2 Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhilmil_Sitaaron_Ka_Aangan_Hoga=Jhilmil Sitaaron Ka Aangan Hoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/36_(TV_series)=36 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_God_Made_the_English=How God Made the English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hammond's_Crash_Course=Richard Hammond's Crash Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_Girls=Push Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toughest_Place_to_be_a...=Toughest Place to be a...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hububb=Hububb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Quiz_(TV_series)=The Big Quiz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.L.Y.D.E.=C.L.Y.D.E.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wedding_Scheme=The Wedding Scheme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheriffs_Are_Coming=The Sheriffs Are Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honeymoon_Race=The Honeymoon Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_verdaderos=Amores verdaderos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cachito_de_Cielo=Cachito de Cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emcee_Africa=Emcee Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_Theater_Unbalance=Horror Theater Unbalance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFC_Ultimate_Insider=UFC Ultimate Insider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemlock_Grove_(TV_series)=Hemlock Grove (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Exes=Hollywood Exes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Caves=Man Caves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Estate_(TV_series)=The Estate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island_Medium=Long Island Medium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Story_(TV_series)=Ghost Story (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champions_of_the_World_(TV_series)=Champions of the World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Nation=DC Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Maker_Comes_to_Town=Mister Maker Comes to Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Headlines_(9News)=The Headlines (9News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screen_Two=Screen Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submissions_Only=Submissions Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Footy=Saturday Night Footy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Love_Walked_In=When Love Walked In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tempestad=La Tempestad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viewpoint_(talk_show)=Viewpoint (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Genius=Sweet Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interior_Therapy_with_Jeff_Lewis=Interior Therapy with Jeff Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_in_Common_(TV_series)=Nothing in Common (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_(TV_series)=One Night (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyWeek=SkyWeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Story=Earth Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_Streak_(U.S._game_show)=Winning Streak (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agujetas_de_color_de_rosa=Agujetas de color de rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio-Files=Audio-Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mun_Jenmam=Mun Jenmam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arang_and_the_Magistrate=Arang and the Magistrate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(Lifetime_TV_series)=Coming Home (Lifetime TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continuum_(TV_series)=Continuum (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_rostro_de_la_venganza=El rostro de la venganza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_McStuffins=Doc McStuffins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undateables=The Undateables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_revancha_(American_telenovela)=La revancha (American telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suite_Life_of_Karan_&_Kabir=The Suite Life of Karan & Kabir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Mile_Menu=Ten Mile Menu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Gorch=The Land of Gorch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcity=Motorcity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_No_21=Roll No 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Passion=Preston Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizzy_&_Woppy=Wizzy & Woppy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_&_Betsy=Big & Betsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulderzipken=Kulderzipken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_riktig_jul=En riktig jul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Wing_Men=Alaska Wing Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaijudo_(TV_series)=Kaijudo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Chef_Vietnam=Iron Chef Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Boss_(Canadian_TV_series)=Undercover Boss (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_(TV_series)=Phantom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Jin=Dr. Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makapiling_Kang_Muli=Makapiling Kang Muli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Sea_Gold=Bering Sea Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_In-hyun's_Man=Queen In-hyun's Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji_Woon-soo's_Stroke_of_Luck=Ji Woon-soo's Stroke of Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Cookbook=Saturday Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longmire_(TV_series)=Longmire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayami-san_to_Yobareru_Hi=Hayami-san to Yobareru Hi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FYI_Daily=FYI Daily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeping_Times=Peeping Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Specials=ITV Specials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_(UK_TV_series)=Switch (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Dynasty=Duck Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentagon_(TV_series)=Pentagon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duang_Jai_Akkanee=Duang Jai Akkanee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FPSRussia=FPSRussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hej_hej_sommar=Hej hej sommar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Machine_(TV_series)=The Love Machine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Out_(U.S._game_show)=Take Me Out (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Funday_(variety_show)=Sunday Funday (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shire_(TV_series)=The Shire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Sweetie_Pie's=Welcome to Sweetie Pie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Man_(TV_series)=Monster Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_History_of_Princess_Taiping=Secret History of Princess Taiping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_&_Bernstein=Crash & Bernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweets_For_My_Sweet=Tweets For My Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bake_with_Anna_Olson=Bake with Anna Olson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voetbal_International_(TV_show)=Voetbal International (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenida_Brasil_(telenovela)=Avenida Brasil (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Minds_(documentary_series)=Beautiful Minds (documentary series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkstalkers_(TV_series)=Darkstalkers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacked_(TV_series)=Hacked (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_(TV_series)=Derek (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Love_TV=We Love TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Jeeta_Wohi_Super_Star_2=Jo Jeeta Wohi Super Star 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_no_Kagami=Muse no Kagami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konna_no_Idol_Janain!%3F=Konna no Idol Janain!?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interns_Show=The Interns Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Together_Now_(Philippine_TV_series)=All Together Now (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empress_of_the_Dynasty=The Empress of the Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangguan_Wan'er_(TV_series)=Shangguan Wan'er (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_of_River_Lok=God of River Lok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanguo_Yingxiong_Zhuan_Zhi_Guan_Gong=Sanguo Yingxiong Zhuan Zhi Guan Gong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munting_Anghel=Munting Anghel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carrie_Diaries_(TV_series)=The Carrie Diaries (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagmamahal,_Manay_Gina=Nagmamahal, Manay Gina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicagolicious=Chicagolicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Love_(2011_TV_series)=Forbidden Love (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larawan:_A_Special_Drama_Engagement=Larawan: A Special Drama Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Ocean_Girl=The New Adventures of Ocean Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Tomorrow=World Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Nocturno_(talk_show)=Animal Nocturno (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WAG_Nation=WAG Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Crime=Our Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pira-pirasong_Pangarap=Pira-pirasong Pangarap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenzo's_Time=Lorenzo's Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baladna_bel_Masry=Baladna bel Masry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRL_on_FOX=NRL on FOX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duets_(TV_series)=Duets (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_2012_Summer_Series=Bellator Fighting Championships: 2012 Summer Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ningalkkum_Aakaam_Kodeeshwaran=Ningalkkum Aakaam Kodeeshwaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umulan_Man_o_Umaraw=Umulan Man o Umaraw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaboul_Kitchen=Kaboul Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ang=Big Ang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Romans_with_Mary_Beard=Meet the Romans with Mary Beard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love_New_Orleans=Tough Love New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_70s_(TV_series)=The 70s (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikee_Forever=Mikee Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Chubby_World=My Chubby World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyville=Sunnyville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYD2030=SYD2030
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batang_Bibbo=Batang Bibbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Land_(TV_series)=Happy Land (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Birds_Toons=Angry Birds Toons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Laberinto_de_Alicia=El Laberinto de Alicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFL_360=AFL 360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Mary_Jane=Being Mary Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_for_Love_(TV_series)=Ready for Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Road_Jack_(TV_series)=Hit the Road Jack (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunheads=Bunheads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadfael_(TV_series)=Cadfael (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matt_Lucas_Awards=The Matt Lucas Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_(TV_series)=Hannibal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Digger_(TV_series)=American Digger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samundar_(TV_series)=Samundar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_with_the_Noonans=At Home with the Noonans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_Zavaroni_and_Music=Lena Zavaroni and Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coke_Studio_(Middle_East)=Coke Studio (Middle East)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ataru_(TV_series)=Ataru (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Champion=Show Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Dragons=DreamWorks Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Rai_Game_Rak=Game Rai Game Rak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stage_Door=The Stage Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_diamante=Rosa diamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Nights_(TV_series)=1001 Nights (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Doosre_Se_Karte_Hain_Pyaar_Hum=Ek Doosre Se Karte Hain Pyaar Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Beautiful_(2010_TV_series)=Life Is Beautiful (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_YungChing=Legend of YungChing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMG!_Jedward's_Dream_Factory=OMG! Jedward's Dream Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_(web_series)=Drive (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playhouse_Presents=Playhouse Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_at_Eleven=Seven at Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sold!=Sold!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumrah:_End_of_Innocence=Gumrah: End of Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saath_Nibhaana_Saathiya=Saath Nibhaana Saathiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_Vasiliades=Oi Vasiliades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_American_Gypsy_Wedding=My Big Fat American Gypsy Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Reality_Show=The Last Reality Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catalina=The Catalina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_(American_telenovela)=Rosario (American telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Philippines=The Voice of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_da_Loop=In da Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharon:_Kasama_Mo,_Kapatid=Sharon: Kasama Mo, Kapatid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swordsman_(TV_series)=Swordsman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_with_White_Hair_(TV_series)=The Bride with White Hair (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_Chef=The Mystery Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mujer_del_Vendaval=La mujer del Vendaval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Rey=Los Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostrophes_(talk_show)=Apostrophes (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouillon_de_culture=Bouillon de culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_Man_(TV_series)=The Innocent Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Faced_Beauty=Baby Faced Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners_of_War_(TV_series)=Prisoners of War (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Top_100=NFL Top 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipped_Off=Flipped Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Happy_(TV_series)=Be Happy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Block_NZ=The Block NZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Work_(TV_series)=Dirty Work (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phir_Subah_Hogi_(TV_series)=Phir Subah Hogi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_&_Frye=Small & Frye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2012_MuchMusic_Video_Awards=2012 MuchMusic Video Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_Fire_(TV_series)=Friendly Fire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_for_Life=Married for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Lobby=Scottish Lobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Prix_(TV_programme)=Grand Prix (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTN_News=GTN News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Adventures=Pinoy Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_Two_(sitcom)=It Takes Two (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half_Hour=The Half Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Witness=Final Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryana_(TV_series)=Aryana (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World_with_Stephen_Hawking=Brave New World with Stephen Hawking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronaldinho_Gaucho's_Team=Ronaldinho Gaucho's Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfman_Mac's_Chiller_Drive-In=Wolfman Mac's Chiller Drive-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulvaddhu=Kulvaddhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Choice_(TV_series)=The Choice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_(TV_series)=3 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_in_the_City=Dogs in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_House_(2012_TV_series)=The Glass House (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Us_with_Your_Life=Trust Us with Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Pointe=Breaking Pointe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooking_Kumares=Cooking Kumares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simian_Undercover_Detective_Squad=Simian Undercover Detective Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Lara_Bingle=Being Lara Bingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_Blanca=Luna Blanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquititas_(1997_Brazil)=Chiquititas (1997 Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_(TV_series)=Cult (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Explore_with_Richard_Wiese=Born to Explore with Richard Wiese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_(ntv7)=My Family (ntv7)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_On_(TV_series)=Go On (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Time=Best Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertime_'57/'58=Summertime '57/'58
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_Movies=Saturday Night Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Adventure_(TV_series)=Tales of Adventure (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Chich=The Adventures of Chich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonnie_Prudden_Show=The Bonnie Prudden Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_and_Me=Terry and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technoflash=Technoflash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bananas_(TV_series)=The Bananas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Maritime_Feelin'=That Maritime Feelin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canadian_Farmer=The Canadian Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primera_dama_(2011_telenovela)=Primera dama (2011 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challengers_(TV_series)=The Challengers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_College_Game=The College Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge_of_the_Lonely_Sky=The Challenge of the Lonely Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concert_Hour=The Concert Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_David_Clayton-Thomas_Show=The David Clayton-Thomas Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_Before_Yesterday=The Days Before Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Denny_Vaughan_Show=The Denny Vaughan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disordered_Mind=The Disordered Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doug_Crosley_Show=The Doug Crosley Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diane_Stapley_Show=The Diane Stapley Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_(1971_TV_series)=The Family (1971 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Circle=The Family Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ed_Evanko_Show=The Ed Evanko Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Five_Years=The First Five Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fit_Stop=The Fit Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frankie_Howerd_Show=The Frankie Howerd Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_of_Scouting=The Game of Scouting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Corners_(TV_series)=The Four Corners (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_Players=The Golden Age Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Company=The Good Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Canadian_Escape=The Great Canadian Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Canadian_Culture_Hunt=The Great Canadian Culture Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Springtime_of_Life=Their Springtime of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jim_Coleman_Show=The Jim Coleman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Group_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Group (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jack_Kane_Show=The Jack Kane Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Sea_(TV_series)=The Living Sea (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lenny_Breau_Show=The Lenny Breau Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Cupboard=The King's Cupboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judy_and_Jim_Show=The Judy and Jim Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chaser_(TV_series)=The Chaser (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Music=The Magic of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Tomorrow=The Man from Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manipulators=The Manipulators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_and_the_Issues=The Men and the Issues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theme_in_Seven=Theme in Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nation's_Business=The Nation's Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oldtimers=The Oldtimers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mike_Neun_Show=The Mike Neun Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theologo_'67=Theologo '67
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Eye=The Other Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_Maker=The Mystery Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Mind=The Naked Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Show=The Road Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passionate_Canadians=The Passionate Canadians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_Team=The Phoenix Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peppermint_Prince=The Peppermint Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peggy_Neville_Show=The Peggy Neville Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Public_Eye_(TV_series)=The Public Eye (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Performers_(TV_series)=The Performers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Magees=The Real Magees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Play's_the_Thing_(TV_series)=The Play's the Thing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raes_(TV_series)=The Raes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restless_Wave=The Restless Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_the_Knight=Mike the Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Adjustment=The Road to Adjustment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ronnie_Prophet_Show=The Ronnie Prophet Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_Science=The Romance of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roy_Petty_Show=The Roy Petty Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rovers_Comedy_House=The Rovers Comedy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_Shop=The Song Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Sky (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stu_Davis_Show=The Stu Davis Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunshine_Hour=The Sunshine Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tapp_Room=The Tapp Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Superior_Sex=The Superior Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixties_(TV_series)=The Sixties (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mood_(TV_series)=In the Mood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_Above=The Town Above
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforeseen=The Unforeseen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Umbrella=The Umbrella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_It_Is_(TV_series)=The Way It Is (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weaker(%3F)_Sex=The Weaker(?) Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_All_Play_Ragtime=They All Play Ragtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winners_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Winners (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opening_Night_(1970s_TV_series)=Opening Night (1970s TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_on_Stage=The World on Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_of_Canada=Images of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_on_Earth=What on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianne_(TV_series)=Dianne (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Wild_Country=To the Wild Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_See_Ourselves=To See Ourselves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanked=Tanked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preamar=Preamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuchenne_rewolucje=Kuchenne rewolucje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Talk=Open Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(Brazilian_TV_series)=Alice (Brazilian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantando_2012=Cantando 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Time_(TV_series)=Golden Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Doctor=The King's Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_GC_(TV_series)=The GC (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Fly=On the Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reserva_de_familia=Reserva de familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Me_(TV_series)=Save Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Normal_(TV_series)=The New Normal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1600_Penn=1600 Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Practice=Animal Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(TV_series)=Revolution (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Care_Bears:_Welcome_to_Care-a-Lot=Care Bears: Welcome to Care-a-Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhai_Bhaiya_Aur_Brother=Bhai Bhaiya Aur Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Gold=Let's Get Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Mornings=Monday Mornings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Things_You_Don't_Know_About=10 Things You Don't Know About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Fire_(TV_series)=Chicago Fire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guys_with_Kids=Guys with Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Hojilla=La Hojilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Room_(TV_series)=The Living Room (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos:_A_Spacetime_Odyssey=Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow_(Canadian_TV_series)=Over the Rainbow (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_Hollywood=I Hate Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buy_Herself=Buy Herself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobras_&_Lagartos=Cobras & Lagartos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_(TV_series)=Arrow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aasman_Se_Aage=Aasman Se Aage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Owens,_M.D.=Emily Owens, M.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_Inspector=The Business Inspector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakett_69=Rakett 69
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Dad=Pittsburgh Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neighbors_(2012_TV_series)=The Neighbors (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_of_the_Gods_(TV_series)=Feast of the Gods (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Spurlock's_New_Britannia=Morgan Spurlock's New Britannia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Les_Brown_Show=The Les Brown Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnie!=Carnie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Live_with_Your_Parents_(For_the_Rest_of_Your_Life)=How to Live with Your Parents (For the Rest of Your Life)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mindy_Project=The Mindy Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safa_dan_Marwah=Safa dan Marwah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinta_dan_Anugerah=Cinta dan Anugerah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Following=The Following
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_It_All_(game_show)=Take It All (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mob_Doctor=The Mob Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_Me=Friend Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_No_Harm_(TV_series)=Do No Harm (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Game_High_School=Video Game High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Boy_(TV_series)=Golden Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Tools=Family Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Great:_The_Testament=Peter the Great: The Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primetime_on_ANC=Primetime on ANC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Widow=Red Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_and_Kate=Ben and Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantando_2011=Cantando 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Patrona=La Patrona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marido_en_alquiler=Marido en alquiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANC_Headlines=ANC Headlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condo_(TV_series)=Condo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gavin_Newsom_Show=The Gavin Newsom Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_of_You_(TV_series)=Pictures of You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_You_a_Thousand_Times=Loving You a Thousand Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violetta_(telenovela)=Violetta (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trisha_Goddard_Show=The Trisha Goddard Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Cannot_Be_Serious_(TV_series)=You Cannot Be Serious (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatsworth_(TV_series)=Chatsworth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proper_Manors=Proper Manors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Rescue=Sea Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pare_&_Pare=Pare & Pare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualifications_of_Men=Qualifications of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_(2012_TV_series)=Beyond (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_Believin'_(TV_series)=Don't Stop Believin' (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Brasil=The Voice Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansez_pentru_tine=Dansez pentru tine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unzipped_(TV_series)=Unzipped (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Caller=Next Caller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Lipstick=Pink Lipstick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lies_(TV_series)=White Lies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinee's_Yunhanam=Shinee's Yunhanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoarder_Next_Door=The Hoarder Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Jersey=Made in Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Husbands=House Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBLAQ's_Hello_Baby=MBLAQ's Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Spit=MTV Spit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_&_Miss=Hit & Miss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendra_on_Top=Kendra on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_(2012_TV_series)=Partners (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasalanan_Bang_Ibigin_Ka%3F=Kasalanan Bang Ibigin Ka?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Errol_Flynn_Theatre=The Errol Flynn Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Bounce=After the Bounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Daddy=Baby Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Canyon=Crash Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_with_Dad_(web_series)=Out with Dad (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_True_Love_(TV_series)=One True Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Plants_3D=Kingdom of Plants 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapne_Suhane_Ladakpan_Ke=Sapne Suhane Ladakpan Ke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(game_show)=Spellbound (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Story:_A_People's_History_(TV_series)=The Great British Story: A People's History (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holliston_(TV_series)=Holliston (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Play=Master of Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T&M_(TV_series)=T&M (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_Forever_(2012_TV_series)=Together Forever (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Wizard_Tao=Little Wizard Tao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception_(U.S._TV_series)=Deception (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_(2012_TV_series)=Faith (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Survive_(TV_series)=I Will Survive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Wood's_Story_of_England=Michael Wood's Story of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimeoin:_Over_the_Top=Jimeoin: Over the Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breast_Darn_Show_in_Town=The Breast Darn Show in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_at_the_Festival_Club=A Night at the Festival Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity:_A_Chinese_Ghost_Story=Eternity: A Chinese Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_(TV_series)=Big (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byaah_Hamari_Bahoo_Ka=Byaah Hamari Bahoo Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Harvey_(TV_series)=Steve Harvey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Wives=Dublin Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auction_Room=Auction Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_Been_Watching_(Australia)=You Have Been Watching (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooking_with_the_Stars=Cooking with the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Eastwood_&_Company=Mrs. Eastwood & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetic_Justice_(TV_series)=Poetic Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Palaces=The Queen's Palaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do,_I_Do=I Do, I Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazoku_no_Uta=Kazoku no Uta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_quiero_llorar_no_lloro_(TV_series)=Cuando quiero llorar no lloro (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Earth_Live_(TV_series)=Planet Earth Live (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_Rahma=Bela Rahma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Secrets=Museum Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exclusives_(TV_show)=The Exclusives (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Daddy_Dearest=My Daddy Dearest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfern_Now=Redfern Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_England_'90=This Is England '90
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraochy_Bay=Fraochy Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunty_Bubbly_Ki_Mummy=Bunty Bubbly Ki Mummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standby_(TV_series)=Standby (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_Empires=Outlaw Empires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Town_Security=Small Town Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evidently..._John_Cooper_Clarke=Evidently... John Cooper Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithfully_(TV_series)=Faithfully (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossings_(TV_series)=Crossings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Beautiful_You=To the Beautiful You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pianist_(TV_special)=Pianist (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindi_Ka_Na_Mag-iisa=Hindi Ka Na Mag-iisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_with_Michael_Palin=Brazil with Michael Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Richman's_Best_Sandwich_in_America=Adam Richman's Best Sandwich in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Burns=Cardinal Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl's_Guide_to_Depravity=The Girl's Guide to Depravity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Heights_(TV_series)=Hollywood Heights (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Rosy_Life=My Rosy Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suskunlar=Suskunlar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alt_for_Norge=Alt for Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_God_(TV_series)=Good God (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Leyla_(TV_series)=The House of Leyla (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_(1994_TV_series)=Paris (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acrobat_Ranch=Acrobat Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrayina_maye_talant=Ukrayina maye talant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger,_Better,_Faster,_Stronger=Bigger, Better, Faster, Stronger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iorana=Iorana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Love_(TV_series)=Burning Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_de_mercado_(Chilean_telenovela)=Amores de mercado (Chilean telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyshia_&_Daniel:_Family_First=Keyshia & Daniel: Family First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorority_Girls_(TV_series)=Sorority Girls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanzouri_(tv_series)=Zanzouri (tv series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Clowns_of_Happytown=Little Clowns of Happytown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Husband_Got_a_Family=My Husband Got a Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_Two_(Singaporean_TV_series)=It Takes Two (Singaporean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Bergman=Sebastian Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_(TV_series)=Noel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Drink_the_Water_(TV_series)=Don't Drink the Water (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Guinness_World_Records=Ultimate Guinness World Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebridade=Celebridade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meu_Bem,_Meu_Mal=Meu Bem, Meu Mal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_of_Youth=Melody of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquelarre_(telenovela)=Aquelarre (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Shore_Shark_Attack=Jersey Shore Shark Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Food_Mania=Fast Food Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Rocco's_Amalfi_Getaway=David Rocco's Amalfi Getaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ran_Samanalayo=Ran Samanalayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfoot_(2012_film)=Bigfoot (2012 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_Behind_Bars:_The_Untold_Story=Killers Behind Bars: The Untold Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Wright's_Hollywood_Nights=Mark Wright's Hollywood Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_to_Speed=Up to Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethenny_(TV_series)=Bethenny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vida_da_Gente=A Vida da Gente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Advised=Miss Advised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiritsu_Bakaleya_Koukou=Shiritsu Bakaleya Koukou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlacul=Burlacul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Vietnam:_A_White_Trash_Adventure_Tour=Viva Vietnam: A White Trash Adventure Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Cor_do_Pecado=Da Cor do Pecado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopi_Gadha_Aur_Gupshup=Gopi Gadha Aur Gupshup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey_Faye's_Frolics=Joey Faye's Frolics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Removers=Secret Removers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kargin_Serial=Kargin Serial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kargin_Haghordum=Kargin Haghordum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitamin_Club=Vitamin Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Boss=Dead Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_ex_me_tiene_ganas=Mi ex me tiene ganas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movers_&_Shakers_Masala_Markey=Movers & Shakers Masala Markey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Battle_of_the_Seasons=The Challenge: Battle of the Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Eaters=Secret Eaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Titans_Go!_(TV_series)=Teen Titans Go! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Vet=Beverly Hills Vet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hop_Squares=Hip Hop Squares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Bang!_Bang!_(TV_series)=Comedy Bang! Bang! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_UK_(series_5)=The Bachelor UK (series 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robocar_Poli=Robocar Poli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quddusi_Sahab_Ki_Bewah=Quddusi Sahab Ki Bewah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahit_Puso'y_Masugatan=Kahit Puso'y Masugatan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_on_Africa_(TV_programme)=Focus on Africa (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasoos_Vijay=Jasoos Vijay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Hour_(2013_TV_series)=Zero Hour (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sisters_(2010_TV_series)=Three Sisters (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fake_Britain=Fake Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_(TV_series)=Marco Polo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Donovan=Ray Donovan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Blackout=Total Blackout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_with_a_Blog=Dog with a Blog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_St.=Eat St.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artista_Academy=Artista Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dejavu_di_Kinabalu=Dejavu di Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_News_(9News)=Network News (9News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_A&E=Extreme A&E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Weirdest_Restaurants=World's Weirdest Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Job_(2013_TV_series)=The Job (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_Ka_Dard_Hai_Meetha_Meetha_Pyaara_Pyaara=Pyaar Ka Dard Hai Meetha Meetha Pyaara Pyaara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consumed_(TV_series)=Consumed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nik_Wallenda:_Beyond_Niagara=Nik Wallenda: Beyond Niagara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cycle_(TV_program)=The Cycle (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Petit_Journal_(Canal+)=Le Petit Journal (Canal+)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilqees_Kaur=Bilqees Kaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rab_Se_Sohna_Isshq=Rab Se Sohna Isshq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Affair=A Beautiful Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flick_Flack=Flick Flack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zard_Mausam=Zard Mausam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Seer=The Great Seer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barter_Kings=Barter Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maseeha_(TV_series)=Maseeha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krogzilla=Krogzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meray_Dard_Ko_Jo_Zuban_Miley=Meray Dard Ko Jo Zuban Miley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shehr-e-Zaat=Shehr-e-Zaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedeTV!_News=RedeTV! News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundos_Opuestos_(TV_series)=Mundos Opuestos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_In_The_Best_Possible_Taste_with_Grayson_Perry=All In The Best Possible Taste with Grayson Perry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starlings_(TV_series)=Starlings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Curtain_(film)=Final Curtain (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor_(UK_game_show)=Fear Factor (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bailey's_Birdwatching_Bonanza=Bill Bailey's Birdwatching Bonanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Spirits=School Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Banjo's_Secret_Street_Crew=Ashley Banjo's Secret Street Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_&_Wes:_Let's_Do_This=Chris & Wes: Let's Do This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_with_Angela_Griffin=Emergency with Angela Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Gatwick=Inside Gatwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Families=Fat Families
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obese:_A_Year_to_Save_My_Life=Obese: A Year to Save My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_Me_Now_(TV_series)=Don't Stop Me Now (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showboaters=Showboaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamp_(telenovela)=Vamp (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_the_Life_(TV_series)=Living the Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bite_of_China=A Bite of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parents_(TV_series)=Parents (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp_in_Search_of_Pirates=Ross Kemp in Search of Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp:_Battle_for_the_Amazon=Ross Kemp: Battle for the Amazon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Squad=Cop Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp:_Back_on_the_Frontline=Ross Kemp: Back on the Frontline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unch_Maaza_Zoka=Unch Maaza Zoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_Girls=Gallery Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathspy=Mathspy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_of_Duty=Line of Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_Eligible_Dallas=Most Eligible Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinbad_(TV_series)=Sinbad (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncovered_(TV_series)=Uncovered (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikini_Barbershop=Bikini Barbershop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haeundae_Lovers=Haeundae Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Wizard=Kamen Rider Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Lost_Routes_with_Griff_Rhys_Jones=Britain's Lost Routes with Griff Rhys Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prickly_Heat_(game_show)=Prickly Heat (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipping_Point_(game_show)=Tipping Point (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_It_or_List_It_Vancouver=Love It or List It Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wander_Over_Yonder=Wander Over Yonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeff_Probst_Show=The Jeff Probst Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torre_de_Babel_(telenovela)=Torre de Babel (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Fingers_(2012_TV_series)=Five Fingers (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Holly:_Listen_to_Me;_The_Ultimate_Buddy_Party=Buddy Holly: Listen to Me; The Ultimate Buddy Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Angry_Fish=Big Angry Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Dance_Now_(TV_series)=Everybody Dance Now (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_(TV_series)=Son (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Red_Scarf_(TV_series)=The Girl with the Red Scarf (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Grand_Blond_avec_un_show_sournois=Le Grand Blond avec un show sournois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2012=BET Awards 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2001=BET Awards 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guidestones_(web_series)=Guidestones (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2002=BET Awards 2002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2003=BET Awards 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2004=BET Awards 2004
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2005=BET Awards 2005
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduados=Graduados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic_Store_Heroes=Comic Store Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morph_Files=The Morph Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_Norge=The Amazing Race Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonie_Bears=Boonie Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Conquest=City Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_(Polish_TV_series)=MasterChef (Polish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychic_Readings_Live=Psychic Readings Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Good_Friend=My Good Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_y_Tantos=40 y Tantos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizzard_of_Krudd=The Wizzard of Krudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Our_Lives_(TV_series)=The Time of Our Lives (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Icon=Internet Icon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Documentary=Iran Documentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tic_Tac_(telenovela)=Tic Tac (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(TV_series)=Blackout (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathapee_Leh_Ruk=Pathapee Leh Ruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Careful_With_My_Heart=Be Careful With My Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bref=Bref
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayupak_Montra=Wayupak Montra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Blow_the_Inheritance=Don't Blow the Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokhav_Nolad_10=Kokhav Nolad 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOP_Girl_(cycle_1)=TOP Girl (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_@_6=News @ 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_@_1=News @ 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_TV_Quick_Response_Team=News TV Quick Response Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTL_Travel=RTL Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Black_Rose_Castle=The Mystery of Black Rose Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_(telenovela)=Gabriela (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Palin:_Life's_a_Tripp=Bristol Palin: Life's a Tripp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Behind_Bars=Gordon Behind Bars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelito:_Ang_Bagong_Yugto=Angelito: Ang Bagong Yugto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pintada=Pintada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaagh!_It's_the_Mr._Hell_Show!=Aaagh! It's the Mr. Hell Show!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(Vietnam_season_1)=So You Think You Can Dance (Vietnam season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Championship_Matters=Championship Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painter_of_the_Wind=Painter of the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyMusic=MyMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klasses_julkalender=Klasses julkalender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Partridge:_Welcome_to_the_Places_of_My_Life=Alan Partridge: Welcome to the Places of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuer_Mek_2=Nuer Mek 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_Earn_Stripes=Stars Earn Stripes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Na_Moral=Na Moral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Random=Totally Random
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROX_(Flemish_TV_series)=ROX (Flemish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Hill_(TV_series)=Harry Hill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_vs_Hype=Truth vs Hype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikings_(TV_series)=Vikings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedians_in_Cars_Getting_Coffee=Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Wives=Two Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Skitting_Me=You're Skitting Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Course_(YouTube)=Crash Course (YouTube)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Highway=Haunted Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Good_Word%3F=What's the Good Word?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangoli_(TV_series)=Rangoli (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_British_Ghosts=Great British Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip-Tease_(TV_series)=Strip-Tease (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_Jonas=Married to Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcano_Live=Volcano Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_Digital_Experience=The X Factor Digital Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_and_Friends=Oscar and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment_(2002_British_film)=Crime and Punishment (2002 British film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_A_Difference=Building A Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Dealers=Secret Dealers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Crown_(TV_series)=The Hollow Crown (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Secret_Treasures=Britain's Secret Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thara_Himalaya=Thara Himalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Today_(Australian_TV_program)=Business Today (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_Sun_Moon_Lake=Love in Sun Moon Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NY_Med=NY Med
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basel_Tattoo=Basel Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_of_Gold=Hearts of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medics_(Polish_TV_series)=Medics (Polish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_&_Clark:_Great_Journey_West=Lewis & Clark: Great Journey West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_China=The Voice of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Numtums=The Numtums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendzone_(MTV_series)=Friendzone (MTV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_(TV_series)=Hawk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo_4:_Forward_Unto_Dawn=Halo 4: Forward Unto Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_Britannia=Fool Britannia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Cloth=A Touch of Cloth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_in_the_Face=Bullet in the Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightly_News_(9News)=Nightly News (9News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keiser_Report=Keiser Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miliard_w_rozumie=Miliard w rozumie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furo_MTV=Furo MTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alang-Alang_(TV_series)=Alang-Alang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Hair=L.A. Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mad_Fat_Diary=My Mad Fat Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_King_Now=Larry King Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Australia_All-Stars=MasterChef Australia All-Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-ara's_Hello_Baby=T-ara's Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wan_Jai_Gub_Nai_Jom_Ying=Wan Jai Gub Nai Jom Ying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_Indonesia=X Factor Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsLife=NewsLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Maior_Brasileiro_de_Todos_os_Tempos=O Maior Brasileiro de Todos os Tempos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracker_Night=Cracker Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_It_Rained_on_Our_Parade=The Day It Rained on Our Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_See_This=You Gotta See This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1857_Kranti_(TV_series)=1857 Kranti (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Maratha=The Great Maratha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Bulaga!_Indonesia=Eat Bulaga! Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_and_the_Phantoms=Julie and the Phantoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFL_Insider=AFL Insider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V8Xtra=V8Xtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savdhaan_India=Savdhaan India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_the_Bride_(Australian_TV_series)=Don't Tell the Bride (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huwag_Ka_Lang_Mawawala=Huwag Ka Lang Mawawala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Crusoe_(1974_television_film)=Robinson Crusoe (1974 television film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Green_Was_My_Valley_(TV_drama_serial)=How Green Was My Valley (TV drama serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changeling_(1974_TV_drama)=The Changeling (1974 TV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_In_Colour=Oh In Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshman_Dorm=Freshman Dorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ved_du_hvem_du_er%3F=Ved du hvem du er?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beat_of_London=The Beat of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parosi=Parosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivir_a_destiempo=Vivir a destiempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Rain=Beautiful Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Nannies=Beverly Hills Nannies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCW_Prime=WCW Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_Of...=Class Of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulkkinen_(TV_series)=Pulkkinen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alivaltiosihteeri_valvoo=Alivaltiosihteeri valvoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhola=Alhola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela_ja_ajan_tuulet=Angela ja ajan tuulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansa_ja_Oiva=Ansa ja Oiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anteeksi_kuinka%3F=Anteeksi kuinka?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benner_&_Benner=Benner & Benner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiikkia,_antiikkia=Antiikkia, antiikkia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blondi_tuli_taloon=Blondi tuli taloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donna_Paukku=Donna Paukku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Pappa_Show=Frank Pappa Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakta_homma=Fakta homma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handu_pumpulla=Handu pumpulla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh_India_Laugh=Laugh India Laugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Lyoko:_Evolution=Code Lyoko: Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counting_Cars=Counting Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Churchills_(TV_series)=The Churchills (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velyki_perehony=Velyki perehony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Rich_Atlanta=Big Rich Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Boys=Ball Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaxmi_Ka_Super_Parivaar=Alaxmi Ka Super Parivaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rose_(TV_series)=Black Rose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_&_Doug_McKenzie's_Two-Four_Anniversary=Bob & Doug McKenzie's Two-Four Anniversary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omar_(TV_series)=Omar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_&_Fiona=Seth & Fiona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Days_to_Open_with_Bobby_Flay=3 Days to Open with Bobby Flay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBS_Eight_O'Clock_News=SBS Eight O'Clock News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Odds=Beat the Odds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Dream_with_Roy_and_HG=The Ice Dream with Roy and HG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangoes_(TV_series)=Mangoes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(TV_series)=The Fall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.O.T._TV=H.O.T. TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outdoors_with_Geoff=Outdoors with Geoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Family_(TV_series)=The First Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hawking:_Master_of_the_Universe=Stephen Hawking: Master of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attenborough's_Journey=Attenborough's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attenborough_and_the_Giant_Egg=Attenborough and the Giant Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_Romance=I Need Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_Romance_2012=I Need Romance 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humpbacks:_From_Fire_to_Ice=Humpbacks: From Fire to Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_and_Monster=Robot and Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Giants=Ocean Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Week_the_Women_Went_(U.S._TV_series)=The Week the Women Went (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_TV=Beat TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KBS_Nine_O'Clock_News=KBS Nine O'Clock News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeply_Regretted_By...=Deeply Regretted By...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Impossible=Hotel Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seed_(TV_series)=Seed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philip_DeFranco_Show=The Philip DeFranco Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aso_ni_San_Roque=Aso ni San Roque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana_Ay_Ikaw_Na_Nga_(2012_TV_series)=Sana Ay Ikaw Na Nga (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Brown_(2013_TV_series)=Father Brown (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Jam_and_Sunny=Jim Jam and Sunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakhon_Mein_Ek_(TV_series)=Lakhon Mein Ek (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadazzle=Shadazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Date_with_Me=Come Date with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paroa:_Ang_Kuwento_ni_Mariposa=Paroa: Ang Kuwento ni Mariposa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_At_Home=Daddy At Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeartBeat_Love=HeartBeat Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_So_to_Bentley=And So to Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Matter_(TV_series)=Heart of the Matter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyman_(TV_series)=Everyman (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_Fighting_Championships:_Season_Seven=Bellator Fighting Championships: Season Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Warriors=Market Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Beginnings_(TV_series)=New Beginnings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Land_of_the_Jaguar=Lost Land of the Jaguar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ms_Panda_and_Mr_Hedgehog=Ms Panda and Mr Hedgehog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploring_China:_A_Culinary_Adventure=Exploring China: A Culinary Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_Will_Be_Televised=The Revolution Will Be Televised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bear_Bryant_Show=The Bear Bryant Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lol:-)_(TV_series)=Lol:-) (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iyanla:_Fix_My_Life=Iyanla: Fix My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Love=Once Upon a Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV-F1=ITV-F1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astaghfaar=Astaghfaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_and_Dickie=Bert and Dickie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Ask_America=Let's Ask America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Queen_(TV_series)=May Queen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Honey_Boo_Boo=Here Comes Honey Boo Boo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Dad_Run=See Dad Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Biased_with_W._Kamau_Bell=Totally Biased with W. Kamau Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Encounters=Random Encounters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleabag_Monkeyface=Fleabag Monkeyface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_&_Brittany=Abby & Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Saturday_Morning_Slam=WWE Saturday Morning Slam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_and_Bonnie=Lena and Bonnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H+:_The_Digital_Series=H+: The Digital Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayo_the_Little_Bus=Tayo the Little Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Morning_with_Farah=A Morning with Farah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Tuna=Wicked Tuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Beast_(TV_series)=The Midnight Beast (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rojgere_Ginni=Rojgere Ginni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhokm_Baad_Almozawla=Alhokm Baad Almozawla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabab_Kinte_Chai=Jabab Kinte Chai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_with_Ann_Bezulyk=Republic with Ann Bezulyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother:_Adults_Only=Big Brother: Adults Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_Confidential=Big Brother Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_(US_miniseries)=Coma (US miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next:_Fame_Is_at_Your_Doorstep=The Next: Fame Is at Your Doorstep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Steps_Down_(TV_series)=Thirteen Steps Down (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teri_Meri_Love_Stories=Teri Meri Love Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_Prince_(2012_TV_series)=Coffee Prince (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_&_Cat=Sam & Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_of_Wife_(2012_TV_series)=Temptation of Wife (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceless_Wonder=Priceless Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Dog_Model=Top Dog Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_'Lights_(TV_show)=The 'Lights (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashk_(drama)=Ashk (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lizzie_Bennet_Diaries=The Lizzie Bennet Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_in_the_Wild=A Year in the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Drama_(TV_series)=Mama Drama (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Channel_In_Concert=Disney Channel In Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopi-O_II=Kopi-O II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indio_(TV_series)=Indio (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajun_Justice=Cajun Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddy_Project=The Buddy Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_(TV_series)=Gates (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABU_Song_Festivals=ABU Song Festivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Education_(TV_series)=Bad Education (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Konek=CNN Konek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randy_Cunningham:_9th_Grade_Ninja=Randy Cunningham: 9th Grade Ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arjun_(TV_series)=Arjun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinderen_geen_bezwaar=Kinderen geen bezwaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styled_to_Rock_(UK_TV_series)=Styled to Rock (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Goes_(Canadian_TV_series)=Everything Goes (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torranee_Ni_Nee_Krai_Krong=Torranee Ni Nee Krai Krong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalena_(TV_series)=Magdalena (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_for_You_at_Home=Mass for You at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Machine_Chefs=Time Machine Chefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_amargo=Dulce amargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_los_declaro_marido_y_mujer=Y los declaro marido y mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weekend_News_(PTV)=The Weekend News (PTV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopping_TVA_(TV_series)=Shopping TVA (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossbones_(TV_series)=Crossbones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scam_City=Scam City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Model_O_Reality=Top Model O Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Knight_(TV_series)=Dark Knight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip_Men=Flip Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periodismo_para_todos=Periodismo para todos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirara,_Ano_Ang_Kulay_ng_Pag-ibig%3F=Kirara, Ano Ang Kulay ng Pag-ibig?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellougik_Essiyasi=Ellougik Essiyasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010_Golden_Awards=2010 Golden Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Abnormal_Psychology=The World of Abnormal Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Cop=Good Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burn_with_Jeff_Ross=The Burn with Jeff Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Soul_Sunday=Super Soul Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternamente_tuya=Eternamente tuya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaster's_Universe=Blaster's Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_juego_de_la_vida=El juego de la vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fact_Checkers_Unit=Fact Checkers Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quarters_(2012_TV_series)=The Quarters (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendez-vous_en_terre_inconnue=Rendez-vous en terre inconnue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protagonistas_de_Nuestra_Tele_2012_(2nd_Season)=Protagonistas de Nuestra Tele 2012 (2nd Season)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Detours=Star Wars Detours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_&_Alana=George & Alana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candy_Apple_News_Company=The Candy Apple News Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gordon_Elliott_Show=The Gordon Elliott Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature's_Microworlds=Nature's Microworlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jono_Project=The Jono Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Let_the_Dogs_Out%3F_(TV_series)=Who Let the Dogs Out? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Bendita=Ciudad Bendita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voz_(Spanish_TV_series)=La Voz (Spanish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapas_&_Beijos=Tapas & Beijos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Sugar=Bad Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Khan=Citizen Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Champ=Dr. Champ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Watch_(TV_series)=Crime Watch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Wedding_Planner=Celebrity Wedding Planner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Top_Model_Romania_(cycle_3)=Next Top Model Romania (cycle 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lake_Warriors=Great Lake Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheias_de_Charme=Cheias de Charme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Carwin_vs._Team_Nelson=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Carwin vs. Team Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_After_Top_Chef=Life After Top Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_News_(ABS-CBN)=Global News (ABS-CBN)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_3rd_Hospital=The 3rd Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents_of_S.H.I.E.L.D.=Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonda_Meedum_(Teledrama)=Bonda Meedum (Teledrama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Home_Love=Come Home Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_(TV_series)=Marie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_Men=Yukon Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Date_a_Comedian%3F=Who Wants to Date a Comedian?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reply_1997=Reply 1997
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebburn_(TV_series)=Hebburn (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_La_Vida_Loca=Lemon La Vida Loca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Boom_(Singapore_TV_series)=Baby Boom (Singapore TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark:_Nature's_Nighttime_World=The Dark: Nature's Nighttime World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porque_el_amor_manda=Porque el amor manda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronda_Trese=Ronda Trese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_(SPH_TV_series)=Zero (SPH TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Girls:_Julissa_and_Adrienne=Empire Girls: Julissa and Adrienne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Limit_(TV_series)=Over the Limit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_(game_show)=The Angel (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costello_(TV_series)=Costello (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomen_huippumalli_haussa_(cycle_5)=Suomen huippumalli haussa (cycle 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Bloom=Conrad Bloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_O'Grady:_For_the_Love_of_Dogs=Paul O'Grady: For the Love of Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday's_Bride=Yesterday's Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Thailand=The Voice Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Bad_Man=Diary of a Bad Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongey_Judaa_Na_Hum=Hongey Judaa Na Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Family_(TV_series)=Royal Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wartime_Farm=Wartime Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Is_King_(TV_series)=Cash Is King (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Hunter=Toy Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Viral=Totally Viral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Grandma=Dead Grandma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Squad_(TV_Series)=Flying Squad (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Faro=Buddy Faro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_League_of_Their_Own_(TV_series)=A League of Their Own (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_with_Dana=A Day with Dana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Stille_Kracht_(TV_series)=De Stille Kracht (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Romance_(1989_TV_series)=A Fine Romance (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alright_Already_(TV_series)=Alright Already (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Falls_(TV_series)=Angel Falls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Biggs=Mrs Biggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxie_(TV_series)=Roxie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football's_Next_Star_(Ireland)=Football's Next Star (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bletchley_Circle=The Bletchley Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdland_(TV_series)=Birdland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wife_Swap_Australia=Wife Swap Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_(1993_TV_series)=George (1993 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Rules_(1998_TV_series)=House Rules (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Medical=Houston Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porno_Valley=Porno Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina_(1977_TV_serial)=Anna Karenina (1977 TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Amish=Breaking Amish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Back_(TV_series)=Strike Back (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Place_(TV_series)=Park Place (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_The_Smashes=The Ultimate Fighter: The Smashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Caulfield:_Year_One=Ryan Caulfield: Year One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNA_British_Boot_Camp=TNA British Boot Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Lives_of_Men=The Secret Lives of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Personal=Getting Personal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbourhood_Watched=Neighbourhood Watched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_and_Milan=Paris and Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfblood=Wolfblood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_(U.S._TV_series)=Trinity (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supa_Strikas_(TV_series)=Supa Strikas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tujh_Sang_Preet_Lagai_Sajna_(Sahara_One)=Tujh Sang Preet Lagai Sajna (Sahara One)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_the_Nation_(TV_series)=State of the Nation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Jai_Jai_Bajrang_Bali=Jai Jai Jai Bajrang Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Pioneers_(TV_series)=The Young Pioneers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Money=Love & Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Football_Life=A Football Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Car_Too_Far=One Car Too Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiller_and_Diller=Hiller and Diller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Residential=Hollywood Residential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dellaventura=Dellaventura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuarto_milenio=Cuarto milenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Blue_(TV_series)=Perfect Blue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_23=News 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_(TV_series)=Simon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotenin_Michiru_no_Minoue_Banashi=Shotenin Michiru no Minoue Banashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Box_Office=Mr. Box Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Daughter_Seo-young=My Daughter Seo-young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Happiness_(TV_series)=The Pursuit of Happiness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Grace_(TV_series)=Charlie Grace (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Ramsay's_Ultimate_Cookery_Course=Gordon Ramsay's Ultimate Cookery Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preston_Episodes=The Preston Episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukit_Ho_Swee_(TV_series)=Bukit Ho Swee (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Wonderful_Life_(TV_series)=It's a Wonderful Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatekeepers_(game_show)=Gatekeepers (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Home_Court=The Home Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancin'_Days=Dancin' Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_to_Share=Love to Share
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_for_All_with_Judge_Cristina_Perez=Justice for All with Judge Cristina Perez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_(Irish_TV_series)=Today (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Play_Love=Let's Play Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_Motel_(TV_series)=Bates Motel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Main_Event_(Australian_game_show)=The Main Event (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Hanuman=Jai Hanuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pump_It_Up_(TV_series)=Pump It Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Seas=Changing Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Masters_(game_show)=Time Masters (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blk_88=Blk 88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Booze_Built_America=How Booze Built America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Plan_(TV_series)=Game Plan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickety_Toc=Tickety Toc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Age_of_Kings=An Age of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciFi_JAPAN_TV=SciFi JAPAN TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&B_Divas:_Atlanta=R&B Divas: Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_II_(TV_series)=Iris II (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_SOP=The Queen of SOP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladybug_(TV_series)=Ladybug (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_By_the_Numbers_with_Maria_Hinojosa:_Clarkston_Georgia=America By the Numbers with Maria Hinojosa: Clarkston Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_(Polish_TV_series)=Friends (Polish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindistani=Hindistani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Salesman_(1966_BBC_drama)=Death of a Salesman (1966 BBC drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeon_Woo-chi_(TV_series)=Jeon Woo-chi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gok_Cooks_Chinese=Gok Cooks Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Me_the_Money=Cook Me the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Model_O_Reality_(cycle_1)=Top Model O Reality (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cielo_de_Angelina=Cielo de Angelina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Champ=Little Champ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FamiliaDA=FamiliaDA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Glorious_Food_(TV_series)=Food Glorious Food (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolting_World_of_Stanley_Brown=The Revolting World of Stanley Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being:_Liverpool=Being: Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mia_and_Me=Mia and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recuerdo_de_Amor=Recuerdo de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_Your_Face=Pick Your Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockbusters_(Australian_game_show)=Blockbusters (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Recall_(game_show)=Total Recall (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermarket_Sweep_Australia=Supermarket Sweep Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Star_Squares=All-Star Squares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Generation_(Australian_game_show)=My Generation (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Dramas=The King of Dramas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Ahla_Sawt=The Voice Ahla Sawt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_(TV_series)=Cuckoo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pharaoh_Who_Conquered_the_Sea=The Pharaoh Who Conquered the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Cut=Perfect Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_School_(TV_series)=After School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_World_Cup=Comedy World Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_In_The_City_(TV_series)=Justice In The City (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Brothers=Summer Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-Ups:_Silicon_Valley=Start-Ups: Silicon Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Daughter_the_Flower=My Daughter the Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradise_(TV_series)=The Paradise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Car_Rescue=Classic Car Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunch_(New_Zealand)=Brunch (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahaaan_Main_Ghar_Ghar_Kheli=Yahaaan Main Ghar Ghar Kheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlala_Couple=Ohlala Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valleys_(TV_series)=The Valleys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Housewives=Queen of Housewives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Peso_Money_Drop=The Million Peso Money Drop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarap_Diva=Sarap Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Me_Home_(TV_series)=Take Me Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Show=Go Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jung_Jae-hyung_&_Lee_Hyori's_You_and_I=Jung Jae-hyung & Lee Hyori's You and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Men_(TV_series)=Mountain Men (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_(Philippine_TV_program)=Daybreak (Philippine TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsday_(9News)=Newsday (9News)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_prima_Ciela=Mi prima Ciela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobres_Rico=Pobres Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_the_Floor_(TV_series)=Hit the Floor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_Raiders_3=Junk Raiders 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Dream=The King's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Scientists_of_the_Year=Young Scientists of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphy_Alay_Tawa:_A_Musical_Tribute_to_the_King_of_Philippine_Comedy=Dolphy Alay Tawa: A Musical Tribute to the King of Philippine Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugs_Live=Drugs Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTLA_(TV_series)=DTLA (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_to_Ai=Jun to Ai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodas_de_odio=Bodas de odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Afternoon_(TV_series)=Love in the Afternoon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnal_Knowledge_(TV_series)=Carnal Knowledge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Wave=Asian Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Weekend_(TV_series)=The Last Weekend (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina:_Secrets_of_a_Teenage_Witch=Sabrina: Secrets of a Teenage Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead:_Cold_Storage=The Walking Dead: Cold Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(2012_miniseries)=Restless (2012 miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Chef=Extreme Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/$24_in_24=$24 in 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balacobaco_(telenovela)=Balacobaco (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Methos_Chronicles=The Methos Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_GB=Hotel GB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_(Swedish_TV_series)=X Factor (Swedish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picked_Off=Picked Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_&_Melissa:_Joan_Knows_Best%3F=Joan & Melissa: Joan Knows Best?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Stats_of_America=United Stats of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Dream_(TV_series)=Once Upon a Dream (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_otra_cara_del_alma=La otra cara del alma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABU_TV_Song_Festival=ABU TV Song Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hoggers=American Hoggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABU_Radio_Song_Festival=ABU Radio Song Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_Khan_Show=Nadia Khan Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Sun=Bride of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_20_Countdown:_Most_Shocking=Top 20 Countdown: Most Shocking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_Out_(TV_series)=Shoot Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wildest_Dreams=My Wildest Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_que_es_el_amor=Lo que es el amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIGS_(web_channel)=WIGS (web channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Worst_Tenants=World's Worst Tenants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounty_Wars=Bounty Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intresseklubben=Intresseklubben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Ajumma=Miss Ajumma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airforce_(TV_series)=Airforce (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_Moms=High School Moms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toen_Was_Geluk_Heel_Gewoon=Toen Was Geluk Heel Gewoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Princes=Secret Princes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canimals=Canimals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(Italian_TV_series)=The Apprentice (Italian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja_Myung_Go=Ja Myung Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finishing_Line=Finishing Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikings_(TV_documentary_series)=Vikings (TV documentary series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadia_G's_Bitchin'_Kitchen=Nadia G's Bitchin' Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moody_Christmas=A Moody Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Marr's_History_of_the_World=Andrew Marr's History of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_to_Yesterday=Witness to Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Entry_(TV_series)=Point of Entry (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Zhou_Live_Show=Mr. Zhou Live Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_It_Like_It_Is_(talk_show)=Tell It Like It Is (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Ambition=King of Ambition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Ok-jung,_Living_by_Love=Jang Ok-jung, Living by Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Nintendo_Direct_presentations=List of Nintendo Direct presentations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Set=Hot Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Touch=First Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Australia_(season_4)=Project Runway Australia (season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Inspectors=Health Inspectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_24/7:_Miami=Airport 24/7: Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Cheapskates=Extreme Cheapskates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Event_in_Television_History=The Greatest Event in Television History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_is_a_Lifetime_Movie=My Life is a Lifetime Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_Red_Handed=Caught Red Handed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbelievable_Truth_(TV_series)=The Unbelievable Truth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Territory_Cops=Territory Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Nation_(TV_series)=Micro Nation (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_in_America=Now in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_Puppies_(1986_TV_series)=Pound Puppies (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Pumpkin_Flower=Pure Pumpkin Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_How_I_Made_It=This Is How I Made It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraiso_(TV_series)=Paraiso (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarap_At_Home=Sarap At Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underemployed_(TV_series)=Underemployed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Houstons:_On_Our_Own=The Houstons: On Our Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qubool_Hai=Qubool Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaurs,_Myths_and_Monsters=Dinosaurs, Myths and Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprises!=Surprises!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Money=Masters of Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Wranglers=Shark Wranglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooned=Tooned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_Pawn:_Chicago=Hardcore Pawn: Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_George_and_Queen_Mary=King George and Queen Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankind:_The_Story_of_All_of_Us=Mankind: The Story of All of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watch_(TV_series)=The Watch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_Season_(web_series)=Hunting Season (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_of_Wheat_Street=The Gods of Wheat Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gentlemen's_Rant=The Gentlemen's Rant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_&_Mrs_Murder=Mr & Mrs Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golos_(TV_series)=Golos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Universe=Extreme Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_To_Remember=Day To Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Mrs_Jones_(TV_series)=Me and Mrs Jones (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limits_(2010_TV_series)=No Limits (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Choice_Awards_India=People's Choice Awards India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catfish:_The_TV_Show=Catfish: The TV Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveillance_Oz=Surveillance Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outback_Truckers=Outback Truckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Reunion=The Big Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlest_Pet_Shop_(2012_TV_series)=Littlest Pet Shop (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_B.S._of_A._with_Brian_Sack=The B.S. of A. with Brian Sack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chica_Show=The Chica Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditie_Robinson_2012=Expeditie Robinson 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slugterra=Slugterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_You_(2013_TV_series)=Missing You (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef_(Romania)=Top Chef (Romania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Hills_Fabulous=Beverly Hills Fabulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rickey_Smiley_Show=The Rickey Smiley Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_Wives:_The_Sit_Down=Mob Wives: The Sit Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_&_Scarlett=Mariana & Scarlett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrissy_&_Mr._Jones=Chrissy & Mr. Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamar_&_Vince=Tamar & Vince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Clueless=Totally Clueless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Wars=Property Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Skies_(1994_TV_series)=Blue Skies (1994 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Half=The Second Half
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addicted_to_Food=Addicted to Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Down_the_Bars=Breaking Down the Bars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Larry=The Trouble with Larry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paula_Poundstone_Show=The Paula Poundstone Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Sarah=Finding Sarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Middle_Bogan=Upper Middle Bogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Scott!_(TV_series)=Great Scott! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_McCloud's_Man_Made_Home=Kevin McCloud's Man Made Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likely_Suspects=Likely Suspects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_(1992_TV_series)=Crossroads (1992 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akumu-chan=Akumu-chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_Is_(TV_series)=The Truth Is (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Ace=Get Ace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_the_Viking=Vic the Viking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Street_(TV_series)=Angel Street (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_the_People_(TV_series)=Man of the People (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doida_Por_Ti=Doida Por Ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louco_Amor=Louco Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_American_Celebrity_Spelling_Bee=The Great American Celebrity Spelling Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salve_Jorge=Salve Jorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeroom_(TV_series)=Homeroom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_&_Hers_(TV_series)=His & Hers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House_Take_2=Full House Take 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_tu_amor=Por tu amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Slam_(1990_TV_series)=Grand Slam (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Brightest=Britain's Brightest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravest_Warriors=Bravest Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(South_Korean_TV_series)=Resurrection (South Korean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TripTank=TripTank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_Years=The Dance Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Veer_Ki_Ardaas...Veera=Ek Veer Ki Ardaas...Veera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_McGuire_(TV_series)=Annie McGuire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_(1989_TV_series)=Heartland (1989 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_&_Hers_(ESPN)=His & Hers (ESPN)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_(Derren_Brown_special)=Apocalypse (Derren Brown special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_James=Buck James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Diners=Mystery Diners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talafi=Talafi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Paparazzi=Paranormal Paparazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oldest_Rookie=The Oldest Rookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursuit_of_Happiness_(TV_series)=Pursuit of Happiness (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-List_Listings=A-List Listings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Gold=Jungle Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Eye_(TV_series)=Private Eye (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaktimaan=Shaktimaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_and_Error_(TV_series)=Trial and Error (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_in_Time_(TV_series)=Just in Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industry_on_Parade=Industry on Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_NXT=WWE NXT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thorns_(TV_series)=The Thorns (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oprah:_Where_Are_They_Now%3F=Oprah: Where Are They Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOLwork=LOLwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby's_Ultimate_Dance_Competition=Abby's Ultimate Dance Competition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Skies_(1988_TV_series)=Blue Skies (1988 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hothouse_(TV_series)=Hothouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_for_a_Night_(Philippines)=Star for a Night (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_Mike=Jack and Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dads_(1986_TV_series)=Dads (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_the_Saturdays=Chasing the Saturdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americans_(2013_TV_series)=The Americans (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Like_Me=Please Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_to_Call_Home_(TV_series)=A Place to Call Home (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Idol_(Taiwan_TV_series)=Super Idol (Taiwan TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_in_Need_2012=Children in Need 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Quotidienne_(TV)=La Quotidienne (TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prom_Queens_(TV_series)=Prom Queens (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Car_Wars=Texas Car Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_Confidential:_LA=Girlfriend Confidential: LA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Big_Thing:_NY=The Next Big Thing: NY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_at_Heart_(telenovela)=Wild at Heart (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mining_Magnate=Mining Magnate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_the_Army:_Alaska=Married to the Army: Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Bandidas=Las Bandidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Brennan_(producer)=Peter Brennan (producer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Tomorrow_Comes_(TV_series)=If Tomorrow Comes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_(1986_TV_series)=Downtown (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Decorators=Million Dollar Decorators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_at_Heart_(1960_TV_series)=Young at Heart (1960 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Fashion=Mad Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thintervention_with_Jackie_Warner=Thintervention with Jackie Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Broker=Love Broker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairy_Jobmother=The Fairy Jobmother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_Go!_Go!_Go!=Drama Go! Go! Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anamika_(TV_series)=Anamika (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Fear=Destination Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voz_Colombia=La Voz Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_amor=Dulce amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Param_Vir_Chakra_(TV_series)=Param Vir Chakra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brief_(ITV)=The Brief (ITV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Irwin's_Wildlife_Warriors=Steve Irwin's Wildlife Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_elegido=El elegido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brief_(TVS)=The Brief (TVS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Sandy:_Coming_Together=Hurricane Sandy: Coming Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amandas=The Amandas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_House_New_York=Clean House New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XOX_Betsey_Johnson=XOX Betsey Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Mary_(TV_series)=Mary Mary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qi_Pao_(TV_series)=Qi Pao (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Winter,_The_Wind_Blows=That Winter, The Wind Blows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_On_My_Plate=Highway On My Plate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basi_and_Company=Basi and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Ink=Best Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyamory:_Married_&_Dating=Polyamory: Married & Dating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafiosa_(TV_series)=Mafiosa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Best_Bakery=Britain's Best Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Marvin=Marvin Marvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Limit_(TV_series)=No Limit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Unplugged_(India)=MTV Unplugged (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongdam-dong_Alice=Cheongdam-dong Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorina_(telenovela)=Colorina (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Gen=Teen Gen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Kidding_(TV_series)=Just Kidding (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahiram_ng_Sandali=Pahiram ng Sandali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nay-1-1=Nay-1-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Nerds=King of the Nerds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie's_15-Minute_Meals=Jamie's 15-Minute Meals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Showdown=Dance Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Dust=Devil's Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_Boys_Next_Door=Flower Boys Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Woods_Law_(TV_series)=North Woods Law (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_(Australian_TV_program)=Breakfast (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Things_You_Should_Know=1001 Things You Should Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_G=Junior G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Queen_(TV_series)=The White Queen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospital_(1997)=Hospital (1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_for_the_Weekend_(game_show)=Something for the Weekend (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didi_No._1=Didi No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Corte_del_Pueblo=La Corte del Pueblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Corte_de_Familia=La Corte de Familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrankvsPrank=PrankvsPrank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familie=Familie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nijaat=Nijaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Trouble=Teen Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhuwan=Dhuwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You,_Mean_It_with_Whitney_Cummings=Love You, Mean It with Whitney Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FCW_(TV_series)=FCW (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attenborough:_60_Years_in_the_Wild=Attenborough: 60 Years in the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_CQ=La CQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderpump_Rules=Vanderpump Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefoot_(TV_miniseries)=Barefoot (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Now=Love, Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.L.I.F._2=C.L.I.F. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_-_Bhakti_Hi_Shakti_Hai=Hero - Bhakti Hi Shakti Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Bluff=Celebrity Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgium's_Got_Talent_(Wallonia)=Belgium's Got Talent (Wallonia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Dog_Can_Dance=That Dog Can Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Storage_Wars:_Texas_episodes=List of Storage Wars: Texas episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watta_Job=Watta Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Montu_Miah=The Adventures of Montu Miah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Dick_and_Dom_Dairies=Da Dick and Dom Dairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk_Little_Dog=Monk Little Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Circle_Quest_(season_1)=Star Circle Quest (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_U=Savage U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Maid_Maid=Lady Maid Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_otra_vez=Amar otra vez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Bag_(TV_series)=The English Bag (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Iron_Chef_Vietnam=The Next Iron Chef Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_Khirkyon_Kay_Peechay=Band Khirkyon Kay Peechay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Crickley_Hall_(TV_series)=The Secret of Crickley Hall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Drives=Dangerous Drives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Work_Experience=The Work Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groove_High=Groove High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siempre_en_Domingo_(TV_series)=Siempre en Domingo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childless_Comfort=Childless Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charles_Perez_Show=The Charles Perez Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_(TV_series)=Esther (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_(TV_series)=Vanessa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chrystal_Rose_Show=The Chrystal Rose Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanessa_Show=The Vanessa Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Years=First Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brighton_Belles=The Brighton Belles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_and_Times=My Life and Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_Days=The Day of Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukas_Na_Lang_Kita_Mamahalin=Bukas Na Lang Kita Mamahalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_For_Love=Calling For Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Ke_Hunarbaaz=Hindustan Ke Hunarbaaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean's_Next_Top_Model=Caribbean's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Gunn,_R.N.=Rachel Gunn, R.N.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_Morecambe_&_Wise=Bring Me Morecambe & Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Rocks_(TV_series)=On the Rocks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'effet_caribou=L'effet caribou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ink_Master=Ink Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_Help_Desk=Legal Help Desk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tukang_Bubur_Naik_Haji_The_Series=Tukang Bubur Naik Haji The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fake_Reaction=Fake Reaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_(TV_series)=Frankie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Folks_Home=Odd Folks Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhona_(TV_series)=Rhona (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noticias_MundoFox=Noticias MundoFox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_People_Big_World:_Wedding_Farm=Little People Big World: Wedding Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_Evil_with_Candice_DeLong=Facing Evil with Candice DeLong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artzooka!=Artzooka!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceless_(TV_series)=Priceless (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richard_Bey_Show_(TV_show)=The Richard Bey Show (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tempestt_Bledsoe_Show=The Tempestt Bledsoe Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_Walberg_Show=The Mark Walberg Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putri_Bidadari=Putri Bidadari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabrielle_(TV_series)=Gabrielle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddling_Through=Muddling Through
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirota's_Court=Sirota's Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Chef=Fat Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Dome=Sugar Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_Seekers=Heat Seekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Ouch!=Operation Ouch!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_the_Boss=Be the Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Challenge_America=The Biggest Loser: Challenge America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redneck_Island=Redneck Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McLean_Stevenson_Show=The McLean Stevenson Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Town_(web_series)=K-Town (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squad_85=Squad 85
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey's_Bird=Bailey's Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Student=Mission Student
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_to_Last_(TV_series)=Built to Last (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Betrayal=Act of Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_The_Serial=V The Serial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octava_Dies=Octava Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugotowani=Ugotowani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_Canada=The Amazing Race Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisterhood_(TV_series)=The Sisterhood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kutunggu_Kau_Dipasar_Minggu=Kutunggu Kau Dipasar Minggu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Hostess_(TV_series)=Air Hostess (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA:_Season_Eight=Bellator MMA: Season Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Latest=Ang Latest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eka_Lagnachi_Dusri_Goshta=Eka Lagnachi Dusri Goshta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaj_Ki_Housewife_Hai..._Sab_Jaanti_Hai=Aaj Ki Housewife Hai... Sab Jaanti Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripper_Street=Ripper Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Wars:_New_York=Storage Wars: New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separuh_Aku=Separuh Aku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Investigations=Alien Investigations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whole_New_Ballgame=A Whole New Ballgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_School=Pet School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morton_Downey,_Jr._Show=The Morton Downey, Jr. Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Bush_(mini-series)=Burning Bush (mini-series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls_(TV_series)=Some Girls (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyuden_Sentai_Kyoryuger=Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Heights_(TV_series)=Washington Heights (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_2013=School 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zettai_Kareshi_(TV_Series)=Zettai Kareshi (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Supernanny=America's Supernanny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_True_Stories=Pinoy True Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_(TV_series)=Dracula (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Madeline=Oh Madeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaching_Out_(TV_series)=Reaching Out (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gormiti_Nature_Unleashed=Gormiti Nature Unleashed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Sex=Masters of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_You=Still You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ex-Wives_of_Rock=Ex-Wives of Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_City_Rules=Sin City Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHK_News_7=NHK News 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taste=The Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Minute_Mile=The Four Minute Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog's_Head_Bay=Dog's Head Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Selfridge=Mr Selfridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zindagi_Gulzar_Hai=Zindagi Gulzar Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Meets_World=Girl Meets World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Free_(TV_series)=Break Free (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapag_nasa_Katwiran,_Ipaglaban_Mo!=Kapag nasa Katwiran, Ipaglaban Mo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Comedy=Inside Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wah!_Wah!_Kya_Baat_Hai!=Wah! Wah! Kya Baat Hai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dani's_Castle=Dani's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Hesitate=Don't Hesitate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_dela_Cruz_(TV_series)=Juan dela Cruz (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aik_Nayee_Cinderella=Aik Nayee Cinderella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Don't_Cry=I Love You, Don't Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_It=Match It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Lee_Tae-ri=I Love Lee Tae-ri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash!_(UK_TV_series)=Splash! (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunderby=Hunderby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apoy_Sa_Dagat=Apoy Sa Dagat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pitch_(TV_programme)=The Pitch (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futz!=Futz!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinhwa_Broadcast=Shinhwa Broadcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kroll_Show=Kroll Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amish_Mafia=Amish Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Australian_Bake_Off=The Great Australian Bake Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motive_(TV_series)=Motive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Ages:_An_Age_of_Light=The Dark Ages: An Age of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_a_Friend_(television_show)=You've Got a Friend (television show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_and_Ever=Always and Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Speaks=The Killer Speaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_My_Country_(UK_TV_series)=I Love My Country (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mash_Up_(TV_series)=Mash Up (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_911=Panic 911
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insane_Coaster_Wars=Insane Coaster Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusra_dan_Yumna=Yusra dan Yumna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_seen_from_the_train=The World seen from the train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_(U.S._TV_series)=Splash (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AntiVirus_(show)=AntiVirus (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Crew=Incredible Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_You_(Hong_Kong_TV_series)=Missing You (Hong Kong TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Streamy_Awards=3rd Streamy Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pok_&_Mok=Pok & Mok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yae_no_Sakura=Yae no Sakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Party_(TV_series)=Jazz Party (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sniper_Standoff=Sniper Standoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Dome_(TV_series)=Under the Dome (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_(1982_TV_series)=The Quest (1982 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mario_Rosenstock_Show=The Mario Rosenstock Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Tango_in_Halifax=Last Tango in Halifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngers=Youngers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campeones_de_la_vida_(Mexico)=Campeones de la vida (Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_(2010_TV_series)=Gloria (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6_Little_McGhees=6 Little McGhees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Vegas=Naked Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(Thailand)=Dancing with the Stars (Thailand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prvi_glas_Srbije=Prvi glas Srbije
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil's_Puppet_Dreams=Neil's Puppet Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara_(soap_opera)=Asmara (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_Forever%3F=Best Friends Forever?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_retrato_de_Dorian_Gray=El retrato de Dorian Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Rush=Ultimate Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauren_Lake's_Paternity_Court=Lauren Lake's Paternity Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_of_Fate=Symphony of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_Senorita=100% Senorita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_(2012_TV_series)=The Town (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy's_Show_and_Telly=Paddy's Show and Telly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloise_Salutes_the_Stars=Eloise Salutes the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentina_(1993_telenovela)=Valentina (1993 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crematorio=Crematorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Cities=Hot Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Stone's_Untold_History_of_the_United_States=Oliver Stone's Untold History of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_por_uno=Dos por uno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_of...=The Haunting of...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexxx=Sexxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nach_Baliye_5=Nach Baliye 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahit_Konting_Pagtingin=Kahit Konting Pagtingin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewa_(soap_opera)=Dewa (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoreboard_(TV_series)=Scoreboard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Bar=Off the Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheer_Perfection=Cheer Perfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judds_(TV_series)=The Judds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Isang_Pangarap=May Isang Pangarap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Generation's_Romantic_Fantasy=Girls' Generation's Romantic Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joe_Namath_Show=The Joe Namath Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_T-Boz=Totally T-Boz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naimbag_Nga_Morning_Kapamilya=Naimbag Nga Morning Kapamilya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styled_to_Rock_(U.S._TV_series)=Styled to Rock (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wu_Cheng'en_and_Journey_to_the_West=Wu Cheng'en and Journey to the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Date_(TV_series)=It's a Date (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekly_Idol=Weekly Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Horosho=This is Horosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cille_(TV_series)=Cille (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidlat=Kidlat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Say_Goodbye_(TV_series)=Never Say Goodbye (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_for_Dinner%3F_(TV_series)=What's for Dinner? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fami_Pa_Kontan=Fami Pa Kontan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Team=Spike Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crezz=The Crezz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Stuffers=American Stuffers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Playhouse=CBS Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Husbands_of_Hollywood=Real Husbands of Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitro_Circus_Live=Nitro Circus Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyfriend's_Hello_Baby=Boyfriend's Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Squad=Hero Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.I.D._Kolkata_Bureau=C.I.D. Kolkata Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(Philippine_TV_series)=Forever (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wives_with_Knives=Wives with Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Job,_Good_Job=Good Job, Good Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_Soup=Velvet Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panto!=Panto!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMT_Hot_20_Countdown=CMT Hot 20 Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendell_&_Vinnie=Wendell & Vinnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluegrass_Underground=Bluegrass Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_Chima=Legends of Chima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B1A4's_Hello_Baby=B1A4's Hello Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Australia:_The_Professionals=MasterChef Australia: The Professionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikki_&_Sara_Live=Nikki & Sara Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Things_In_Life=The Best Things In Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanny_Daddy=Nanny Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_House_(1960_TV_series)=Our House (1960 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Garden_(Singaporean_TV_series)=Secret Garden (Singaporean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defining_Moment_(TV_series)=The Defining Moment (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_with_Vinny=The Show with Vinny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dale's_Great_Getaway=Dale's Great Getaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Hazards=House Hazards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Aces=Air Aces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demi-Gods_and_Semi-Devils_(2013_TV_series)=The Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_World_Records_Gone_Wild=Guinness World Records Gone Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shameless_(UK_TV_series)=Shameless (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motu_Patlu=Motu Patlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heston's_Fantastical_Food=Heston's Fantastical Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Ink_Crew=Black Ink Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Divas=Double Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough's_Natural_Curiosities=David Attenborough's Natural Curiosities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria's_Next_Topmodel_(cycle_5)=Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimora:_House_of_Fab=Kimora: House of Fab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Aapke_Hain_In_Laws=Hum Aapke Hain In Laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiques_Road_Trip=Antiques Road Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooksville_(TV_series)=Spooksville (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_Fire=Life on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2612=2612
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locura_de_amor_(telenovela)=Locura de amor (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_My_Water%3F:_Swampy's_Underground_Adventures=Where's My Water?: Swampy's Underground Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Dakika=20 Dakika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_Rose:_Hits_&_Mrs.=Pete Rose: Hits & Mrs.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnTen=OnTen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesar_Millan's_Leader_of_the_Pack=Cesar Millan's Leader of the Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kandi_Factory=The Kandi Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_(TV_series)=Africa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy's_Winnin'_Matches=Jimmy's Winnin' Matches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(Vietnam)=So You Think You Can Dance (Vietnam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legit_(2013_TV_series)=Legit (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitro_Circus_(TV_series)=Nitro Circus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoring_the_Deal=Scoring the Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Tree_(TV_series)=Family Tree (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windfalls=Windfalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombia's_Next_Top_Model=Colombia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(soap_opera)=Magic (soap opera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ben_Show=The Ben Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moschops_(TV_series)=Moschops (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_There_(TV_series)=Out There (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_and_Large_Show=The Little and Large Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannon_and_Ball_Show=The Cannon and Ball Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaza_Patrol=Plaza Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_and_Ball's_Casino=Cannon and Ball's Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Thru_Hell=Highway Thru Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Sea_Gold:_Under_The_Ice=Bering Sea Gold: Under The Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FloopaLoo,_Where_Are_You%3F=FloopaLoo, Where Are You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/999:_What's_Your_Emergency%3F=999: What's Your Emergency?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haves_and_the_Have_Nots_(TV_series)=The Haves and the Have Nots (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Thy_Neighbor_(TV_series)=Love Thy Neighbor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gingerbread_Man_(TV_series)=The Gingerbread Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Most_Dangerous_Roads=World's Most Dangerous Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blunders=The Blunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalked:_Someone's_Watching=Stalked: Someone's Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Continental_Railway_Journeys=Great Continental Railway Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_to_Go_(TV_series)=Way to Go (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keith_Harris_Show=The Keith Harris Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_and_Balls_Playhouse=Cannon and Balls Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoneyHunt=MoneyHunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Warriors_(TV_series)=Car Warriors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perishers_(TV_series)=The Perishers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Pop_Star_Hunt=K-Pop Star Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Nights=Haunted Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractor_Monkeys=Tractor Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddie_the_Freeloader's_Christmas_Dinner=Freddie the Freeloader's Christmas Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serangoon_Road_(TV_series)=Serangoon Road (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privates_(TV_series)=Privates (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovetown,_USA=Lovetown, USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanskaar_-_Dharohar_Apnon_Ki=Sanskaar - Dharohar Apnon Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Babies'_Mamas=All My Babies' Mamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Five_(TV_series)=Take Five (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Jones_vs._Team_Sonnen=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Jones vs. Team Sonnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_(206)=The (206)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_America=Edge of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyndi_Lauper:_Still_So_Unusual=Cyndi Lauper: Still So Unusual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_Show_Q=Quiz Show Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodlines_(ITV_drama)=Bloodlines (ITV drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria's_Got_Talent=Nigeria's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Galactic_Garden=The Galactic Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightingales_(U.S._TV_series)=Nightingales (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_grande_famiglia=Una grande famiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Monkeys=Rocket Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Island=Blizzard Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naimbag_nga_Morning_Kapamilya=Naimbag nga Morning Kapamilya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_is_Forgiven=All is Forgiven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dama_y_obrero_(American_telenovela)=Dama y obrero (American telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception_(Irish_TV_series)=Deception (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_&_Mark's_Big_Friday_Wind-Up=Sam & Mark's Big Friday Wind-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personalan=Personalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Rain_to_My_Life=Welcome Rain to My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasty_Life=Tasty Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Behan_Maya=Meri Behan Maya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dumping_Ground=The Dumping Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_Easy=It's Not Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neo_Ultra_Q=Neo Ultra Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Shock_(TV_series)=Future Shock (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_at_Tiffany's=Party at Tiffany's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Na_Kaho_Tum_Mere_Nahi=Na Kaho Tum Mere Nahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahi_Unkahi=Kahi Unkahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Queens_Boulevard=13 Queens Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Hospital_(TV_series)=University Hospital (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronica_Clare=Veronica Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_of_Hope=A Life of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_(1995_TV_series)=Danny (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Daniels_Magic_Show=The Paul Daniels Magic Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Food_Keep_Us_Together_(TV_series)=May Food Keep Us Together (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westside_Medical=Westside Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(game_show)=Trust (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We've_Got_Each_Other=We've Got Each Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Giants=World of Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merhaba_Hayat=Merhaba Hayat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunars_Comedy_Xpress=Lunars Comedy Xpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFI's_Master_Class:_The_Art_of_Collaboration=AFI's Master Class: The Art of Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_San_Nicandro=The Mystery of San Nicandro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArmComedy=ArmComedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Skies=Sunny Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Rose=The Blue Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_One_(TV_series)=You're the One (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MeatEater=MeatEater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaao=Ghaao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaj_Kamran_Khan_Kay_Sath=Aaj Kamran Khan Kay Sath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blandings_(TV_series)=Blandings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Code=Guy Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAQMP=FAQMP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Eddie=Big Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_to_Win_It_(Philippine_game_show)=Minute to Win It (Philippine game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_M_(TV_series)=Dial M (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Hawaii=Big Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_(U.S._TV_series)=Diana (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Sex_Guide=The Good Sex Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Tie_Affair_(TV_series)=Black Tie Affair (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loaded_Fight_Night=Loaded Fight Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Night_Re-Loaded=Fight Night Re-Loaded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fash_FC=Fash FC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spies_(TV_series)=Spies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_You_Were_Sleeping_(TV_series)=While You Were Sleeping (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Miller_and_the_Most_Dope_Family=Mac Miller and the Most Dope Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_(documentary)=Marooned (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastSiders=EastSiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuge_Liang_(TV_series)=Zhuge Liang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges_to_Cross=Bridges to Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champs_(TV_series)=Champs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_(UK_TV_series)=Utopia (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Lawrence=Charlie Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Sons=Chicago Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperFuckers=SuperFuckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Grade_Civil_Servant=7th Grade Civil Servant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alabang_Housewives=The Alabang Housewives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_to_Papa_(TV_series)=Come to Papa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladeshi_Idol=Bangladeshi Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chosen_(TV_series)=Chosen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Bund_(2007_TV_series)=Shanghai Bund (2007 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Prince=Moonlight Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lado_a_Lado=Lado a Lado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galapagos_3D=Galapagos 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraswatichandra_(TV_series)=Saraswatichandra (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_(film)=Byron (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia_domanda=Italia domanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Barrier_Reef_(TV_series)=Great Barrier Reef (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_Center=Crisis Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutters_(TV_series)=Cutters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_(TV_series)=Built (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show_2012_(season_1)=El Gran Show 2012 (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Hatter_Chronicles=Matt Hatter Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_10)=MTV Roadies (season 10)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_David_Niven_Show=The David Niven Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Elliot=Doc Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Generation_Wayans=Second Generation Wayans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Mine_(TV_series)=Ghost Mine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starter_Wives_Confidential=Starter Wives Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Nation=Carson Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dr._Laura_Berman_Show=The Dr. Laura Berman Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Sweet_Home_(2010_TV_series)=Home Sweet Home (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhuta_Chheda=Chhuta Chheda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hundred_Year_Legacy=A Hundred Year Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockovnik=Rockovnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(1984_TV_series)=Empire (1984 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything's_Relative_(1999_TV_series)=Everything's Relative (1999 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasl=Vasl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Suite_(TV_series)=Executive Suite (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Returned=The Returned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Money_Class_with_Suze_Orman=America's Money Class with Suze Orman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off_(series_1)=The Great British Bake Off (series 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Album_(1993_TV_series)=Family Album (1993 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Academia_(Paraguay)=La Academia (Paraguay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off_(series_2)=The Great British Bake Off (series 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off_(series_3)=The Great British Bake Off (series 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_on_Fire=Lives on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectify=Rectify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers_and_Sons_(1986_TV_series)=Fathers and Sons (1986 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_High_(TV_series)=Flying High (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noodle_and_Doodle=Noodle and Doodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daray_Daray_Naina=Daray Daray Naina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitamgar_(TV_series)=Sitamgar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_West_Coast_Customs=Inside West Coast Customs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_Raiders_1=Junk Raiders 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_People_(1965_TV_series)=For the People (1965 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_People_(2002_TV_series)=For the People (2002 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8th_Fire=8th Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destino_(2013_telenovela)=Destino (2013 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukod_Kang_Pinagpala=Bukod Kang Pinagpala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Martin_Short,_Goes_Home=I, Martin Short, Goes Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Kardashian=Kam Kardashian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foul_Play_(TV_series)=Foul Play (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Pinoy_Edition:_Doubles=The Biggest Loser Pinoy Edition: Doubles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Paradise=Aloha Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coke_Kahani=Coke Kahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panahon.TV=Panahon.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_King_(TV_series)=Janet King (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Ladli=Meri Ladli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southie_Rules=Southie Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonders_of_Life_(TV_series)=Wonders of Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Night_Out=Great Night Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wowowillie=Wowowillie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discoring=Discoring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...on_Television=...on Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_the_(Bleep)...=Who the (Bleep)...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upload_with_Shaquille_O'Neal=Upload with Shaquille O'Neal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_Celebrate_Jim_Henson=The Muppets Celebrate Jim Henson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_In_(variety_show)=Drive In (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abunai_Deka=Abunai Deka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squaresville=Squaresville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadchurch=Broadchurch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Shrinks=LA Shrinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Believers_(TV_series)=True Believers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Story_(1972_TV_series)=Ghost Story (1972 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presinto_5=Presinto 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy's_TV_Guide=Paddy's TV Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gods_(TV_pilot)=American Gods (TV pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma:_Queen_of_the_South_Seas=Emma: Queen of the South Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cebuano_News=Cebuano News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Lot_Rescue=Car Lot Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Stings=Undercover Stings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romeo_y_Julieta_(TV_series)=Romeo y Julieta (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DanSing_for_You=DanSing for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Genius_Lee_Tae-baek=Ad Genius Lee Tae-baek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safar_Hai_Shart=Safar Hai Shart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staten_Island_Law=Staten Island Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celebrity_Apprentice_Australia_(season_3)=The Celebrity Apprentice Australia (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_Animal_Honours=The British Animal Honours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Night_2013_with_Jamie_Kennedy=First Night 2013 with Jamie Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_No_Taste_Like_Home=There's No Taste Like Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesha:_My_Crazy_Beautiful_Life=Kesha: My Crazy Beautiful Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Gully_with_Dad_and_Dave=Snake Gully with Dad and Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Man_Falls_in_Love=When a Man Falls in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gu_Family_Book=Gu Family Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Darklands_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=Beyond the Darklands (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chainsaw_Gang=Chainsaw Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Muhammad=The Life of Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newshour_(Al_Jazeera)=Newshour (Al Jazeera)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_the_Bride_(Ireland)=Don't Tell the Bride (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepee=Pepee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches_of_East_End_(TV_series)=Witches of East End (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle's=Belle's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Boss=Good Morning Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Of_Ivy_Tilsley=The Ghost Of Ivy Tilsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_the_Mission_Force=Ninja the Mission Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeVanity=DeVanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_(TV_series)=Holmes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secretos_de_familia=Secretos de familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasures_of_Ancient_Rome=Treasures of Ancient Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitni_Girhain_Baaki_Hain=Kitni Girhain Baaki Hain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Detective_(TV_series)=True Detective (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(U.S._TV_series)=The Face (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Link_(documentary)=The Link (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Sharp=Seven Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanhaiyan_Naye_Silsilay=Tanhaiyan Naye Silsilay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_on_the_Edge_(TV_series)=Dancing on the Edge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maron_(TV_series)=Maron (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ifish=Ifish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_(TV_series)=Catherine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madventures_(ARY_Digital_show)=Madventures (ARY Digital show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaky_Blinders_(TV_series)=Peaky Blinders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Upon_a_Christmas=Twice Upon a Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para_Sa_'Yo_Ang_Laban_Na_Ito=Para Sa 'Yo Ang Laban Na Ito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Originals_(TV_series)=The Originals (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_(TV_series)=Twisted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor:_Zhongguo_Zui_Qiang_Yin=The X Factor: Zhongguo Zui Qiang Yin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Awards_2013=Star Awards 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthful_Indian_Flavors_with_Alamelu=Healthful Indian Flavors with Alamelu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dingo_Principle=The Dingo Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_AM=NFL AM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Them_Talk_(TV_series)=Let Them Talk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirat-ul-Uroos_(TV_series)=Mirat-ul-Uroos (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironside_(2013_TV_series)=Ironside (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Week_in_Jams=The Week in Jams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steven_Universe=Steven Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Home_(2009_TV_series)=The Road Home (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_on_the_Street=Billy on the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_and_Garters=Stars and Garters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Park=Ladies Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escape_Artist_(TV_series)=The Escape Artist (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teen_Bata_Teen=Teen Bata Teen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Myrtle_Manor=Welcome to Myrtle Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_the_Lionheart_(TV_series)=Richard the Lionheart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BC_The_Archaeology_of_the_Bible_Lands=BC The Archaeology of the Bible Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neeyat=Neeyat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockface_(TV_series)=Rockface (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Taylor_(TV_series)=Jack Taylor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil-e-Muztar=Dil-e-Muztar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dude,_That's_My_Ghost!=Dude, That's My Ghost!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khushi_Ek_Roag=Khushi Ek Roag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Dawn=Alien Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Days_(1990_TV_series)=Glory Days (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Ghost_Tales=Great Ghost Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Heart_(TV_campaign)=From the Heart (TV campaign)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Aspel=Ask Aspel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aks_(2012_TV_series)=Aks (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Shy_(TV_series)=Gun Shy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagen_(TV_series)=Hagen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Help_Us_(TV_series)=Heaven Help Us (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_the_Baby_(1998_TV_series)=Holding the Baby (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Not_for_You_(TV_series)=If Not for You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOP_Girl_(cycle_2)=TOP Girl (cycle 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokura_no_Ongaku=Bokura no Ongaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_That_(TV_series)=Imagine That (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Beginning_(TV_series)=In the Beginning (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Central_Matchday=Soccer Central Matchday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackboard_Wars=Blackboard Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separados=Separados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesse_Hawkes=Jesse Hawkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holiday_Show=The Holiday Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_John_(TV_series)=Jigsaw John (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe's_World=Joe's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_in_a_Bed=Four in a Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bun&Bunee=Bun&Bunee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_McShane=Kate McShane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_L.A.=Leaving L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_to_Medicine=Married to Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amachan=Amachan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Ki_Ayegi_Baraat=Annie Ki Ayegi Baraat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_America_Thinks=What America Thinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Briggs=Maggie Briggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Rosa=Mama Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama's_Boy_(TV_series)=Mama's Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Story=Medical Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Ball_(TV_series)=Medicine Ball (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischief_City=Mischief City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weed_Country=Weed Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_(TV_series)=Men (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Ages_(TV_series)=Middle Ages (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Cancer=Fight Cancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Like_Us_(Mockumentary)=People Like Us (Mockumentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgettable_(2013_TV_series)=Unforgettable (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_Loves_Company_(TV_series)=Misery Loves Company (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Deeds_Goes_to_Town_(TV_series)=Mr. Deeds Goes to Town (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Borrowed,_Something_New_(TV_series)=Something Borrowed, Something New (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norby_(TV_series)=Norby (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal_Life_(TV_series)=Normal Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Happy_Family=One Happy Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggie_(TV_series)=Reggie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regular_Joe_(TV_series)=Regular Joe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway:_Keeping_Britain_On_Track=The Railway: Keeping Britain On Track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heading_Out=Heading Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Common_Denominator=The Common Denominator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunited_(TV_series)=Reunited (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failosophy=Failosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Studies_(TV_series)=Social Studies (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preachers'_Daughters=Preachers' Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_L.A.=Shades of L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_of_the_City=Sins of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fearing_Mind=The Fearing Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Footsteps_of_Alexander_the_Great=In the Footsteps of Alexander the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Life_(1996_TV_series)=The High Life (1996 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Lost_Creek=The Secret of Lost Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Louie_Show=The Louie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Flesh_(TV_series)=In the Flesh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_Sisters=Gypsy Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riker_(TV_series)=Riker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetti_and_Ryan=Rosetti and Ryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan's_Four=Ryan's Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_(TV_series)=Sammy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Game_(TV_series)=Shell Game (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freakshow_(TV_series)=Freakshow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_(TV_series)=Shirley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer_&_Sons=Singer & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Like_Me_(TV_series)=Someone Like Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_and_Daughters_(1991_U.S._TV_series)=Sons and Daughters (1991 U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_with_Caroline_Quentin=Cornwall with Caroline Quentin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathjar_Ke_Baad=Pathjar Ke Baad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisar_E_Ishq=Hisar E Ishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadaniyaan=Nadaniyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Deep=Wild Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_N'_Loud=Fast N' Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentir_para_Vivir=Mentir para Vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_Earth_(1995_TV_series)=Down to Earth (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Decade=The Tenth Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(U.S._TV_series)=Sunshine (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antagonists_(TV_series)=The Antagonists (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_(TV_series)=The Boys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traps_(TV_series)=Traps (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court_(TV_series)=The Court (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_D.A._(2004_TV_series)=The D.A. (2004 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chal_Parha=Chal Parha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadaaniyaan=Nadaaniyaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Fire_Zone=No Fire Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Mama=Wonderful Mama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_and_Beth:_On_the_Hunt=Dog and Beth: On the Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dukes_of_Melrose=Dukes of Melrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Single=Wicked Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Downer_Channel=The Downer Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Fitzgeralds=The Fighting Fitzgeralds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_amor_no_es_como_lo_pintan=El amor no es como lo pintan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Family=The Man in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Popcorn_Kid=The Popcorn Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legmen=Legmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marisol_(TV_series)=Marisol (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spa_(TV_series)=The Spa (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badi_Aapa=Badi Aapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madiha_Maliha=Madiha Maliha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Combat_League=Robot Combat League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alternative_Comedy_Experience=The Alternative Comedy Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simple_Life_(1998_TV_series)=The Simple Life (1998 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Marriages=Two Marriages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanhai_(TV_series)=Tanhai (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisseia_(TV_series)=Odisseia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humnasheen=Humnasheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dukes_of_Broxstonia=The Dukes of Broxstonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planners_Are_Coming=The Planners Are Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Saaein=Mera Saaein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Tatonka=Tales of Tatonka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunk_(TV_series)=Bunk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Late_@_Night=Martin Late @ Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine:_Nine_Time_Travels=Nine: Nine Time Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Best,_Lee_Soon-shin=You're the Best, Lee Soon-shin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_We_Get_Married%3F=Can We Get Married?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incarnation_of_Money=Incarnation of Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_G._Presents=Sarah G. Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_My_Romance=All About My Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Out_in_Beverly_Hills_(TV_series)=Down and Out in Beverly Hills (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaash_Main_Teri_Beti_Na_Hoti=Kaash Main Teri Beti Na Hoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putin,_Russia_and_the_West=Putin, Russia and the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Encounters=Haunted Encounters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daring_Women=Daring Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_Clock=Face the Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elias:_The_Little_Rescue_Boat=Elias: The Little Rescue Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Tale_Police_Department=Fairy Tale Police Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Ki_Nazar_Se_Khoobsurat=Dil Ki Nazar Se Khoobsurat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_que_te_quiero,_te_quiero=De que te quiero, te quiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libre_para_amarte=Libre para amarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omer_Dadi_Aur_Gharwale=Omer Dadi Aur Gharwale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_(TV_series)=Camp (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_FAST=Turbo FAST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Saaein_2=Mera Saaein 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Nelson's_Well_Funny_People=Lee Nelson's Well Funny People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_West_Football_on_Shaw=Canada West Football on Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Q_Family_Mastermind=Disney Q Family Mastermind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Beck_Radio_Program=Glenn Beck Radio Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bruja_(TV_series)=La Bruja (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailando_2014=Bailando 2014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Beauty=Artificial Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Contact=Killer Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna_(2013_telenovela)=Fortuna (2013 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Anna=Agent Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_a_Mobster=I Married a Mobster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nach_to_the_Groove=Nach to the Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Flower=King Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada's_Handyman_Challenge=Canada's Handyman Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightfields=Lightfields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Best_Recipes_Ever_episodes=List of Best Recipes Ever episodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topik_Petang=Topik Petang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likit_Gammatep=Likit Gammatep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Ang_Daddy_Ko=Vampire Ang Daddy Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluestone_42=Bluestone 42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Cream_Girls=The Ice Cream Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Dulari=Meri Dulari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malice:_The_Webseries=Malice: The Webseries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_My_Mama's_Meals=Not My Mama's Meals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kookyville=Kookyville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Wild=Growing Up Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pranked=Pranked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manny_(TV_series)=Manny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Love=Spring Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Stuff=Star Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untitled_Web_Series_About_a_Space_Traveler_Who_Can_Also_Travel_Through_Time=Untitled Web Series About a Space Traveler Who Can Also Travel Through Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinta_7_Susun=Cinta 7 Susun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_in_Translation=Taste in Translation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_on_Sunday_(TV_series)=Stars on Sunday (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whodunnit%3F_(2013_U.S._TV_series)=Whodunnit? (2013 U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundo_Mo'y_Akin=Mundo Mo'y Akin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Saheli_Meri_Humjoli=Meri Saheli Meri Humjoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chivalry_and_Betrayal:_The_Hundred_Years'_War=Chivalry and Betrayal: The Hundred Years' War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean's_Next_Top_Model_(cycle_1)=Caribbean's Next Top Model (cycle 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_with_La_Toya=Life with La Toya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranded_(TV_series)=Stranded (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspectives_(TV_series)=Perspectives (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Shocking_Show=The Body Shocking Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irish_Road_To_Cheltenham=The Irish Road To Cheltenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston's_Finest=Boston's Finest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kommotion=Kommotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Tougher_Than_a_Boy_Scout%3F=Are You Tougher Than a Boy Scout?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jeselnik_Offensive=The Jeselnik Offensive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Rig_Bounty_Hunters=Big Rig Bounty Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zane's_The_Jump_Off=Zane's The Jump Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Nite_News_with_Loyiso_Gola=Late Nite News with Loyiso Gola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Mrs._Chanchala=Meri Mrs. Chanchala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uth_Records=Uth Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayday_(UK_TV_series)=Mayday (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daagh_(drama)=Daagh (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtel_Super_Singer_4=Airtel Super Singer 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_India_(season_3)=MasterChef India (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates:_Adventures_in_Art=Pirates: Adventures in Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Unearthed=America Unearthed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_todas_maneras_Rosa=De todas maneras Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Step_(2013_TV_series)=The Next Step (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Lincoln_(film)=Killing Lincoln (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clips_(game_show)=Clips (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solamente_Julia=Solamente Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Samaritans=Bad Samaritans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_On_Demand=Reality On Demand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desejos_de_Mulher=Desejos de Mulher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warship_(2010_TV_series)=Warship (2010 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanhi=Nanhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jash=Jash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dating_Guy=The Dating Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Brunei:_Lose_It_All=The Biggest Loser Brunei: Lose It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Polizzi:_The_Fixer=Alex Polizzi: The Fixer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fosters_(2013_TV_series)=The Fosters (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Carr's_Specstacular=Alan Carr's Specstacular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickey_Mouse_(TV_series)=Mickey Mouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugdugi=Dugdugi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timmy_G=Timmy G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_It_Up_(Indian_TV_series)=Shake It Up (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Checkout=The Checkout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thakan=Thakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Record_(TV_series)=For the Record (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landa_Bazar_(TV_series)=Landa Bazar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayan_Ko_(TV_series)=Bayan Ko (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehaai=Rehaai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shab_e_Gham=Shab e Gham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Teacher_(TV_series)=Bad Teacher (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_All-Star_Battle=Bad Girls All-Star Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_Gold_(TV_series)=Yukon Gold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_of_Joseon=The Fugitive of Joseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan_for_You=Nathan for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Odds_(TV_series)=Against All Odds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Oras_Ilokano=24 Oras Ilokano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Oras_Bikol=24 Oras Bikol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostland_Tennessee=Ghostland Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Reality_Stars=MTV Reality Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_(2013_TV_series)=The Village (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizards_Return:_Alex_vs._Alex=The Wizards Return: Alex vs. Alex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Women_of_Dallas=Police Women of Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_up_Jack=Bringing up Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vida_entera=La vida entera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Baking_Competition=The American Baking Competition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveyard_Carz=Graveyard Carz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_with_Fire_(TV_series)=Playing with Fire (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRL_360=NRL 360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_with_Matty_Johns=Monday Night with Matty Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia:_The_Next_Generation=The Biggest Loser Australia: The Next Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Kevin=It's Kevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Lies=Love & Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipsterhood=Hipsterhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Funniest_Videos=World's Funniest Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Brazil_2=The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Jin=Mobile Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Heart_2=Scarlet Heart 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samjhauta_Express_(TV_series)=Samjhauta Express (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Querendones=Los Querendones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heer_Ranjha_(TV_series)=Heer Ranjha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todo_Sobre_Camila=Todo Sobre Camila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Death_and_the_Meaning_of_Life=Sex, Death and the Meaning of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shetland_(TV_series)=Shetland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Hot_Water=Constant Hot Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_Cushing:_Cook_with_Me=Christine Cushing: Cook with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weakest_Link_(New_Zealand_game_show)=The Weakest Link (New Zealand game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Birth=The Secret of Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_Lake=Top of the Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Connolly:_Journey_to_the_Edge_of_the_World=Billy Connolly: Journey to the Edge of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Big_Friend=My Big Big Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_and_Maddie=Liv and Maddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_the_Bar_(2013_TV_series)=Raising the Bar (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badalte_Rishton_Ki_Dastaan=Badalte Rishton Ki Dastaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evening_Urgant=Evening Urgant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphan_Black=Orphan Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_&_Katy=Anna & Katy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakambal_ni_Eliana=Kakambal ni Eliana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicide_Hunter=Homicide Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WPC_56=WPC 56
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo:_Yami_o_Terasu_Mono=Garo: Yami o Terasu Mono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Palace_-_War_of_Flowers=Cruel Palace - War of Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Makers_(TV_series)=Music Makers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_TV=Monster TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bet_on_Your_Baby=Bet on Your Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_Lines=Crossing Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Steel_(2013_TV_series)=Max Steel (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugong_Buhay=Dugong Buhay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduados,_historias_que_no_se_olvidan=Graduados, historias que no se olvidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Fish_(TV_series)=Golden Fish (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_the_Fox=Sebastian the Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_Spencer:_Secret_Agent=Phil Spencer: Secret Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nesbitt's_Ireland=James Nesbitt's Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_&_Duck=Sarah & Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Amy_Schumer=Inside Amy Schumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2613=2613
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arroz_con_Leche_(telenovela)=Arroz con Leche (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_misterios_del_amor=Los misterios del amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenswood_(TV_series)=Ravenswood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evacuate_Earth=Evacuate Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisto!=Alisto!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicious_(TV_series)=Vicious (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plebs_(TV_series)=Plebs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Security:_Canada's_Front_Line=Border Security: Canada's Front Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_Tortuga=Reckless Tortuga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hand_to_Art=From Hand to Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_News=Real News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newlyweds:_The_First_Year=Newlyweds: The First Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Brand_Through_the_Cakehole=Jo Brand Through the Cakehole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dads_(2013_TV_series)=Dads (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_In_with_Chris_Hayes=All In with Chris Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como_uma_Onda=Como uma Onda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_My_English!=Oh My English!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassandra:_Warrior_Angel=Cassandra: Warrior Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dal=A Dal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thatteem_Mutteem=Thatteem Mutteem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompidou_(TV_series)=Pompidou (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoink'd=Zoink'd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_(TV_series)=Global (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Johnny_and_Inel_Show=The Johnny and Inel Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WYSIWYG_(TV_series)=WYSIWYG (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Whitley=Raising Whitley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gossip_Game=The Gossip Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Minutes_to_a_Fortune=Five Minutes to a Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Gale=The Hanging Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Totally_Senseless_Gameshow=The Totally Senseless Gameshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Office=Queen of the Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blacklist_(TV_series)=The Blacklist (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhima_Jewels_Comedy_Festival=Bhima Jewels Comedy Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_vs._the_Forces_of_Evil=Star vs. the Forces of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakui_no_Namida=Hakui no Namida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depois_do_Adeus=Depois do Adeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Would_Ryan_Lochte_Do%3F=What Would Ryan Lochte Do?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thundermans=The Thundermans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dora_and_Friends:_Into_the_City!=Dora and Friends: Into the City!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_You_Generation=The You Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Genius_with_Dick_and_Dom=Absolute Genius with Dick and Dom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstage:_Lakers=Backstage: Lakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_South_Paranormal=Deep South Paranormal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Cooking%3F_(TV_series)=What's Cooking? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(TV_series)=Atlantis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Figures=Dick Figures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apartment_2XL=Apartment 2XL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_(TV_series)=Captive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaph_(TV_series)=Epitaph (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunque_mal_paguen=Aunque mal paguen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Thhi_Naayika=Ek Thhi Naayika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awaz_-_Dil_Se_Dil_Tak=Awaz - Dil Se Dil Tak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghar_Aaja_Pardesi=Ghar Aaja Pardesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Rivals_II=The Challenge: Rivals II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Affairs=Deadly Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Vows=Fatal Vows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabor_a_ti_(telenovela)=Sabor a ti (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquititas_(2013_telenovela)=Chiquititas (2013 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ryzza_Mae_Show=The Ryzza Mae Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Gangsters:_Faces_Of_The_Underworld=British Gangsters: Faces Of The Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandjina!=Wandjina!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_(TV_series)=The Moment (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Battle=Death Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Manto=Main Manto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Wonderland=Once Upon a Time in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam's_Game_(TV_series)=Sam's Game (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Mom,_Love_Cher=Dear Mom, Love Cher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Renegades=Star Trek: Renegades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobsters_(TV_series)=Mobsters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Tales_of_Gisaeng=New Tales of Gisaeng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Central=Soccer Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Sweet_Home_(2013_TV_series)=Home Sweet Home (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_Comedy_(Australian_TV_series)=Kings of Comedy (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Idol_(season_2)=Arab Idol (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lead_with_Jake_Tapper=The Lead with Jake Tapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vessel=The Vessel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hogan_Family=The Hogan Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marumanam=Marumanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_(TV_series)=Jo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Idol_(season_1)=Arab Idol (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amantes_(telenovela)=Amantes (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hugglemonster=Henry Hugglemonster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Fighter:_Assassin's_Fist=Street Fighter: Assassin's Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_K-pop=All the K-pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(2013_TV_series)=The Bridge (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moaning_of_Life=The Moaning of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Madame=La Madame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_Agency:_Cyrano=Dating Agency: Cyrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA:_2013_Summer_Series=Bellator MMA: 2013 Summer Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mujer_de_Lorenzo=La mujer de Lorenzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Pitch=Off Pitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraman_Ginga=Ultraman Ginga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Yack=Sherlock Yack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comrades_(TV_documentary_series)=Comrades (TV documentary series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat3=Flat3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ives_(TV_series)=St. Ives (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_World_of_Stu=The Wonderful World of Stu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Neighborhood_Arts_and_Physical_Education=Our Neighborhood Arts and Physical Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Bourdain:_Parts_Unknown=Anthony Bourdain: Parts Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Face_Sounds_Familiar_(Greek_TV_series)=Your Face Sounds Familiar (Greek TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario_(Italian_sitcom)=Mario (Italian sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinball_Legend=Pinball Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_(TV_program)=Around the World (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Sand_in_Friends_and_Lovers=Paul Sand in Friends and Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Zindagi_Hai_Gulshan=Yeh Zindagi Hai Gulshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Job_Lot=The Job Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Cha-cha-cha=Everybody Cha-cha-cha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Payant=Taxi Payant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabaluga_(TV_series)=Tabaluga (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Sewing_Bee=The Great British Sewing Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley_Square_(TV_series)=Foley Square (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Heaven=Dear Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortunes_and_Misfortunes_of_Moll_Flanders_(TV_series)=The Fortunes and Misfortunes of Moll Flanders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Winter_Sun_(U.S._TV_series)=Low Winter Sun (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_(TV_series)=Dorothy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolts_and_Blip=Bolts and Blip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiyil_Oru_Kodi=Kaiyil Oru Kodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanjay_and_Craig=Sanjay and Craig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedian_Thailand=The Comedian Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Security_Men=The Security Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Cove_(TV_series)=Cedar Cove (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceland_(TV_series)=Graceland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_George_(TV_series)=Saint George (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barefooted_Friends=Barefooted Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Farm=Saturday Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leader's_Questions_(TV_programme)=Leader's Questions (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_and_Mysteries_in_America=Monsters and Mysteries in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reina_de_corazones_(American_telenovela)=Reina de corazones (American telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Super_Quiz_Bee=National Super Quiz Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Their_Rockers_(UK_TV_series)=Off Their Rockers (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Parliament_Report=European Parliament Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_This_(1948_TV_series)=Picture This (1948 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plik_Din_Su_Dao=Plik Din Su Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guntucky=Guntucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Search=The Long Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Mahiwagang_Baul=Ang Mahiwagang Baul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloody_Mary_Show=The Bloody Mary Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Doctor=Computer Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sails_(TV_series)=Black Sails (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_of_Our_Home=The Women of Our Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champs_12=Champs 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Show_(TV_series)=Welcome to the Show (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wright_Way=The Wright Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaisa_Yeh_Ishq_Hai..._Ajab_Sa_Risk_Hai=Kaisa Yeh Ishq Hai... Ajab Sa Risk Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_amor_las_vuelve_locas=El amor las vuelve locas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secreto_de_amor=Secreto de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Iglesias_Presents_Stand_Up_Revolution=Gabriel Iglesias Presents Stand Up Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Ghar_Banaunga=Ek Ghar Banaunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Arvo_Football=Saturday Arvo Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Relatives_(TV_series)=Blood Relatives (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zach_Stone_Is_Gonna_Be_Famous=Zach Stone Is Gonna Be Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strain_(TV_series)=The Strain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_(TV_series)=Rogue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mein_Hari_Piya=Mein Hari Piya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltea_pa'_que_te_enamores=Voltea pa' que te enamores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JKT48_School=JKT48 School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Review_Sunday=Financial Review Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Idol=Chinese Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincerity_Moves_Heaven=Sincerity Moves Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New.Music.Live.=New.Music.Live.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Think_You_Can_Dance_(Vietnam_season_2)=So You Think You Can Dance (Vietnam season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Alert=Ugly Alert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moterys_meluoja_geriau=Moterys meluoja geriau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politician's_Husband=The Politician's Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Lady=Your Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khun_Chai_Ronapee=Khun Chai Ronapee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_(TV_series)=Vice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hate_Being_Single=I Hate Being Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZANEWS=ZANEWS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Grandpa=Uncle Grandpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_viuda_negra_(telenovela)=La viuda negra (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Dine_with_Me_Turkey=Come Dine with Me Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Yes_to_the_Dress:_Bridesmaids=Say Yes to the Dress: Bridesmaids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barson_Baad=Barson Baad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Teeth_(TV_serial)=White Teeth (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Day_(TV_series)=New Day (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Diabla=Santa Diabla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindhu_Bhairavi_(TV_Series)=Sindhu Bhairavi (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_Vasanai_(TV_Series)=Mann Vasanai (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Out_Girls=Give Out Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Srbija=The Voice Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisko_Milega_Cash=Kisko Milega Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paani_Puri=Paani Puri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_For_You_(TV_series)=Good For You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Mr._Oh=Here Comes Mr. Oh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Pretty_Face_Is_Going_to_Hell=Your Pretty Face Is Going to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Jain_Bhi_To_Kya=Mar Jain Bhi To Kya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikhar_Gaye_Gulab_Sare=Nikhar Gaye Gulab Sare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Hotel_(TV_series)=Grand Hotel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession:_Dark_Desires=Obsession: Dark Desires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Hill_High=Strange Hill High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Little_Juan=My Little Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_the_Safe=Break the Safe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebeca_(telenovela)=Rebeca (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Whisperer=Bear Whisperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grojband=Grojband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Tawan=Maya Tawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annaliza=Annaliza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_Land=Burger Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(Australian_TV_series)=Wonderland (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paen_Rai_Phai_Ruk=Paen Rai Phai Ruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Master:_Bellator_MMA=Fight Master: Bellator MMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_My_Sister=Dear My Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hounds_(TV_series)=Hounds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aussie_Pickers=Aussie Pickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrishikesh_Pandey=Hrishikesh Pandey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_in_Sui_and_Tang_Dynasties=Heroes in Sui and Tang Dynasties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Creek_(web_series)=Up the Creek (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adhoori_Aurat=Adhoori Aurat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hero_(2013_TV_series)=The Hero (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Series_2=Heart Series 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Training_Dogs_the_Woodhouse_Way=Training Dogs the Woodhouse Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Ever_Do_This_At_Home=Never Ever Do This At Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Sisters=Golden Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_My_Love=Love, My Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grannies_on_Safari=Grannies on Safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Los_High=East Los High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_to_Believe=Got to Believe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WansapanaSummer=WansapanaSummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toda_una_dama=Toda una dama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerra_dos_Sexos=Guerra dos Sexos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Zulianita=La Zulianita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amantes_de_Luna_Llena=Amantes de Luna Llena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerra_de_mujeres=Guerra de mujeres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chica_vampiro=Chica vampiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_100_(TV_series)=The 100 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reign_(TV_series)=Reign (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruk_Pathiharn=Ruk Pathiharn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucecita=Lucecita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomorrow_People_(U.S._TV_series)=The Tomorrow People (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom_(TV_series)=Mom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blimey_Cow=Blimey Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperStar_(season_5)=SuperStar (season 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Games_(TV_series)=Mind Games (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star-Crossed_(TV_series)=Star-Crossed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goldbergs_(TV_series)=The Goldbergs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_(TV_series)=Betrayal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axe_Cop_(TV_series)=Axe Cop (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Fun_Night=Super Fun Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixology_(TV_series)=Mixology (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Saves_the_World=Sean Saves the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Things_We_See=The Things We See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_a_Boy_(TV_series)=About a Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Family_(TV_series)=Welcome to the Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undateable=Undateable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(U.S._TV_series)=Resurrection (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millers=The Millers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_Sunday_School=Time for Sunday School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Amish:_Brave_New_World=Breaking Amish: Brave New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_7_(TV_series)=Lucky 7 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Breakfast_(Australian_TV_program)=The Big Breakfast (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Human_(TV_series)=Almost Human (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockout_(Indonesian_TV_series)=Knockout (Indonesian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Nine-Nine=Brooklyn Nine-Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Christmas_(TV_series)=White Christmas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mujer_Prohibida=La Mujer Prohibida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_Beadle's_Money=Win Beadle's Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_with_Seth_Meyers=Late Night with Seth Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Televizija_Republike_Srpske=Televizija Republike Srpske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang_Related_(TV_series)=Gang Related (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Women=Killer Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Michael_J._Fox_Show=The Michael J. Fox Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_(TV_series)=Believe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalocalypse:_The_Doomstar_Requiem=Metalocalypse: The Doomstar Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstrom_(TV_series)=Backstrom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallflowers_(web_series)=Wallflowers (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_(2013_TV_series)=Shark (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelia_la_Texana=Camelia la Texana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_impostora=La impostora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rake_(U.S._TV_series)=Rake (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlisted_(TV_series)=Enlisted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_Video_Game=My Life as a Video Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hartmans=The Hartmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todo_Por_Tu_Amor=Todo Por Tu Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirpa_de_Tres_Mujeres=Quirpa de Tres Mujeres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2013=BET Awards 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_Trekkers=Voyage Trekkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trophy_Wife_(TV_series)=Trophy Wife (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emilia_(telenovela)=Emilia (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_Game=Back in the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_North=The True North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Hero_(U.S._TV_series)=My Hero (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Hollow_(TV_series)=Sleepy Hollow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Laundry_Live=Dirty Laundry Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_South_Seas=Tales of the South Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Kings=The River Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclone_Tracy_(mini-series)=Cyclone Tracy (mini-series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_(Philippine_TV_show)=F (Philippine TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippie's_Kingdom=Gippie's Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Maintenance_(web_series)=High Maintenance (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gypsies=American Gypsies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EK_Channel=EK Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monstar_(TV_series)=Monstar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Men=We Are Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blachman=Blachman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baal_Veer=Baal Veer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_&_Them=Us & Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_&_Ready=Armed & Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Gets_the_Last_Laugh%3F_(TV_series)=Who Gets the Last Laugh? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostages_(TV_series)=Hostages (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_&_Lies_(Australian_TV_series)=Secrets & Lies (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazy_Ones=The Crazy Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Singer=Hidden Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_All_Stars=Sunday All Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Arthur_Strong_(TV_series)=Count Arthur Strong (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligence_(U.S._TV_series)=Intelligence (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Hear_Your_Voice=I Can Hear Your Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Eyes_of_Tomorrow=Through the Eyes of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Like_You_(TV_series)=I Like You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_(TV_series)=Crisis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Rebels=Star Wars Rebels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_House_Sunday=Country House Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_muchacha_llamada_Milagros=Una muchacha llamada Milagros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_Jijaji=Thank You Jijaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Money_(Australian_TV_series)=For Love or Money (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Jack=Surviving Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fideo_9=Fideo 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twist_of_Fate_(TV_series)=Twist of Fate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Flats=Granite Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Code=Girl Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_de_la_Noche_(1976_telenovela)=Mariana de la Noche (1976 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mga_Basang_Sisiw=Mga Basang Sisiw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punar_Vivah_-_Ek_Nayi_Umeed=Punar Vivah - Ek Nayi Umeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_Tree=My Family Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile,_Mom=Smile, Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabulous_Boys=Fabulous Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Giants:_Magazine_Wars=Paper Giants: Magazine Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.R.S._(Most_Requested_Show)=M.R.S. (Most Requested Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_Deck=Below Deck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Husband's_Lover=My Husband's Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maghihintay_Pa_Rin=Maghihintay Pa Rin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarence_(2014_TV_series)=Clarence (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowd_Rules=Crowd Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_(TV_series)=Thank You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Advocates=The Advocates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheriff_Callie's_Wild_West=Sheriff Callie's Wild West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_(game_show)=Exit (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_S.O.S._with_Jo_Frost=Family S.O.S. with Jo Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Woman,_Good_Woman=Bad Woman, Good Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vineyard_(TV_series)=The Vineyard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Classroom_(2013_TV_series)=The Queen's Classroom (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show_2013_(season_1)=El Gran Show 2013 (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner_Is=The Winner Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty-Minute_Theatre=Thirty-Minute Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Worry_Chachu=Don't Worry Chachu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princesses:_Long_Island=Princesses: Long Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Math_Squad=Monster Math Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Solo_(TV_series)=Goodbye Solo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directo_USA=Directo USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_City_Firsts=Second City Firsts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Camp,_Aren't_You_Happy=Healing Camp, Aren't You Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinta_Jangan_Pergi=Cinta Jangan Pergi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullu_Baraye_Farokht_Nahi=Ullu Baraye Farokht Nahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Wives'_Club=First Wives' Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basketball_(TV_series)=Basketball (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_Asia=The Apprentice Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Doctor_(TV_series)=Good Doctor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomasa_Tequiero=Tomasa Tequiero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Days,_Assassination_Attempts_against_King_Jeongjo=Eight Days, Assassination Attempts against King Jeongjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseon_X-Files=Joseon X-Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_School_(TV_series)=Old School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Playground_(TV_series)=Devil's Playground (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Women=Up the Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satisfaction_(2013_TV_series)=Satisfaction (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_Boot_Camp=Marriage Boot Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_in_Charge=I'm in Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blade_and_Petal=The Blade and Petal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_Someone_Have_to_Go%3F=Does Someone Have to Go?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heirs=The Heirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mimic=The Mimic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobre_Millonaria=Pobre Millonaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Found_The_Gown=I Found The Gown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Dil_Ek_Jaan=Do Dil Ek Jaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_(Spanish_TV_series)=MasterChef (Spanish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harina_de_otro_costal=Harina de otro costal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_City=Cruel City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanted_Life=The Wanted Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/111:_A_Nelson_Number=111: A Nelson Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armchair_30=Armchair 30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villains_(TV_series)=Villains (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Face_Sounds_Familiar_(UK_TV_series)=Your Face Sounds Familiar (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God,_Guns_&_Automobiles=God, Guns & Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuanfang_De_Jia=Yuanfang De Jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_&_Maxwell=King & Maxwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monodrama_Theater=Monodrama Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mga_Kuwento_ni_Lola_Basyang_(TV_series)=Mga Kuwento ni Lola Basyang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Days_of_Justice=Six Days of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Light=News Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condesa_por_Amor=Condesa por Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Quacks_Don't_Echo=Duck Quacks Don't Echo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Down_(TV_series)=Man Down (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19-2=19-2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Hooker=Top Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Race_Vietnam=The Amazing Race Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciTech_-_Our_World_Tomorrow=SciTech - Our World Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense8=Sense8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_this_Date=Remember this Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paleoworld_(Season_1)=Paleoworld (Season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_TV2's_2003=The TV2's 2003
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disrupt_with_Karen_Finney=Disrupt with Karen Finney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_X_Factor_Israel=The X Factor Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Box_(TV_series)=Black Box (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWBY=RWBY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paleoworld_(Season_2)=Paleoworld (Season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homo_Academicus=Homo Academicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquititas_(Portugal)=Chiquititas (Portugal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBS_PopAsia=SBS PopAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paleoworld_(Season_3)=Paleoworld (Season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch..._Diiil_Se=Kuch... Diiil Se
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dales_(TV_programme)=The Dales (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paleoworld_(Season_4)=Paleoworld (Season 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monumental_Mysteries=Monumental Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dates_(TV_series)=Dates (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsar_to_Lenin=Tsar to Lenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Ladies=Hello Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbids_Invasion=Rabbids Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ip_Man_(TV_series)=Ip Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_(TV_series)=Two Weeks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Things_with_Dominic_Monaghan=Wild Things with Dominic Monaghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Wicked_Moms=Pretty Wicked Moms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Game_Night=Hollywood Game Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiero_amarte=Quiero amarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_Siempre_Mi_Amor=Por Siempre Mi Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louco_por_Elas=Louco por Elas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Gold=Empire of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law_of_the_Jungle_(TV_series)=Law of the Jungle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovely_to_Look_At_(TV_series)=Lovely to Look At (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Capone_Investment=The Capone Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day,_Isang_Araw=One Day, Isang Araw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstie_(TV_series)=Kirstie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Married_to_a...=I'm Married to a...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Sunday_Night_Movie=NBC Sunday Night Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master's_Sun=Master's Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kankar_(TV_series)=Kankar (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deon_Cole's_Black_Box=Deon Cole's Black Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Dreadful_(TV_series)=Penny Dreadful (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soup_Investigates=The Soup Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Makers_(TV_series)=The Dream Makers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helix_(TV_series)=Helix (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddess_of_Marriage=Goddess of Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_(TV_series)=Power (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borderline=The Borderline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&B_Divas:_Los_Angeles=R&B Divas: Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermarket_Superstar=Supermarket Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendokai_Champions=Sendokai Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_My_Mom=Ask My Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_Wife=Model Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Super_Spa=Celebrity Super Spa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigg_Boss_Bangla=Bigg Boss Bangla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_Quiz=Passport Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_Fight_(TV_series)=Knife Fight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leftovers_(TV_series)=The Leftovers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Didn't_Do_It_(TV_series)=I Didn't Do It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getaway_(TV_series)=The Getaway (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hodgman:_Ragnarok=John Hodgman: Ragnarok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(U.S._game_show)=The Chase (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Route_Masters:_Running_London's_Roads=The Route Masters: Running London's Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Vietnam_(season_1)=MasterChef Vietnam (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reply_1994=Reply 1994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Plot=Thunder Plot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sunday-Night_Play=BBC Sunday-Night Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_Live=Airport Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosita_linda=Cosita linda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_(Australian_TV_series)=Wanted (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Brain_Theory=The Big Brain Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Out_Alive_with_Bear_Grylls=Get Out Alive with Bear Grylls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zone_(Channel_9)=The Zone (Channel 9)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadline_(1995_TV_series)=Deadline (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_and_Afraid=Naked and Afraid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codefellas=Codefellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Kids_of_Vietnam_(season_1)=The Voice Kids of Vietnam (season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recipe_to_Riches=Recipe to Riches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pots_of_Gold=Pots of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_S._Cape=The Great S. Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Knows_Best=Daddy Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Court_Wars=Food Court Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spell-Mageddon=Spell-Mageddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Hunter_(TV_series)=Sam Hunter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tonight_Show_Starring_Jimmy_Fallon=The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_plus_grand_cabaret_du_monde=Le plus grand cabaret du monde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Comes_to_Pemberley_(TV_series)=Death Comes to Pemberley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Nazi_and_Proud=Young, Nazi and Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Divas=Total Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyz_Unlimited=Boyz Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Child_(TV_series)=Love Child (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal:_A_Shocking_and_Wrongful_Incident=Scandal: A Shocking and Wrongful Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Tricks=Party Tricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_Boys=Nowhere Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberia_(TV_series)=Siberia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/72_Hours_(TV_series)=72 Hours (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamra's_OC_Wedding=Tamra's OC Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Envy=Property Envy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat,_Drink,_Love=Eat, Drink, Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Nights_with_Kapil=Comedy Nights with Kapil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaago_KK_Aaya=Bhaago KK Aaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Aurora_(TV_series)=Princess Aurora (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawan_Deard=Tawan Deard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_on_the_Floor_(American_TV_series)=Four on the Floor (American TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Wife=The Young Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Baby%3F_(miniseries)=Whose Baby? (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glad_Rags_(TV_series)=Glad Rags (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Way_Home_(miniseries)=Which Way Home (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weekly's_War=The Weekly's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterfront_(miniseries)=Waterfront (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violent_Earth=The Violent Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Capricorn_(miniseries)=Under Capricorn (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_(TV_series)=Undercover (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracks_of_Glory=Tracks of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Reverence=A Touch of Reverence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Mates=Top Mates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Fiddles=Golden Fiddles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_Pocoyo=Let's Go Pocoyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_DA=Brooklyn DA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_On_the_Twisters=Take On the Twisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Face_Sounds_Familiar=Your Face Sounds Familiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skywire_Live=Skywire Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_News_Now=Nine News Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Be_Bold_Show=The Be Bold Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_segunda_madre=Mi segunda madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calle_7_Ecuador=Calle 7 Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_at_the_Electric=Live at the Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_House_(TV_series)=Playing House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mop_and_Smiff=Mop and Smiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Cinderella=Last Cinderella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddess_of_Fire=Goddess of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Mouse_on_the_Prairie=Little Mouse on the Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akin_Pa_Rin_ang_Bukas=Akin Pa Rin ang Bukas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Hathaways=The Haunted Hathaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_and_Sebastian_(French_TV_series)=Belle and Sebastian (French TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle,_Sebastian_and_the_Horses=Belle, Sebastian and the Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farsantes=Farsantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1864_(TV_series)=1864 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binoy_Henyo=Binoy Henyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wednesday_Night_Fever=Wednesday Night Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Week_Live=This Week Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_virgen_de_la_calle=La virgen de la calle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Know_Women=You Don't Know Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Ladies:_Influence_&_Image=First Ladies: Influence & Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tim_Conway_Show_(1970_TV_series)=The Tim Conway Show (1970 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organised_Crime_Unit_(TV_series)=Organised Crime Unit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana:_Her_True_Story=Diana: Her True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tim_Conway_Show_(1980_TV_series)=The Tim Conway Show (1980 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TruTV_Top_Funniest=TruTV Top Funniest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Talk_Show=My Talk Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_of_the_City=Three Men of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Skies=A Thousand Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Conway's_Funny_America=Tim Conway's Funny America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Lakebottom=Camp Lakebottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Kings_(TV_series)=Three Kings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodyguard_(TV_series)=Bodyguard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_Adria=X Factor Adria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_(TV_series)=Model (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendan's_Magical_Mystery_Tour=Brendan's Magical Mystery Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_U_Much=Miss U Much
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Family_(TV_series)=Meet the Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Out_of_Hell_(TV_series)=Bat Out of Hell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alba_Marina=Alba Marina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enamorada_(telenovela)=Enamorada (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Time_(TV_series)=Justin Time (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samedi_Soir_on_Chante=Samedi Soir on Chante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_USA!=High School USA!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Talent_(Korea)=Top Talent (Korea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ben_Elton_Show=The Ben Elton Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Silk_Curtains=Behind Silk Curtains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerreras_y_Centauros=Guerreras y Centauros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_(TV_gameshow)=Harry (TV gameshow)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lejana_como_el_viento=Lejana como el viento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Su-ro,_The_Iron_King=Kim Su-ro, The Iron King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_God=A Man Called God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Package_Deal_(TV_series)=Package Deal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_(Apakah_Cinta_Hanyalah_Mimpi%3F)=Cinderella (Apakah Cinta Hanyalah Mimpi?)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Man..._This_Woman=This Man... This Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Under_the_Bridge=Water Under the Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden's_Lost=Eden's Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spit_MacPhee=Spit MacPhee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Reach=Silent Reach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunk_History=Drunk History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sos_mi_hombre=Sos mi hombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooray_for_Love_(TV_series)=Hooray for Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland_(TV_series)=Ireland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_Del_Bueno=Amor Del Bueno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_(TV_series)=The Super (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Tiny_Christmas_tales=12 Tiny Christmas tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Pammi_Pyarelal=Mrs. Pammi Pyarelal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Chefs=The Young Chefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicks_(TV_series)=Wicks (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_Hi_Chahiye=Beta Hi Chahiye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_de_Mujeres=Salvador de Mujeres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosangelica=Rosangelica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Maa_Vindhyavasini=Jai Maa Vindhyavasini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Morning_Summer=This Morning Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talang_Sverige_2014=Talang Sverige 2014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_New_Jersey=Chasing New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zhen_Huan=The Legend of Zhen Huan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_with_the_Stars_(South_Korea)=Dancing with the Stars (South Korea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ted_Knight_Show_(1978_TV_series)=The Ted Knight Show (1978 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formal_Wars=Formal Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayward_Pines=Wayward Pines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Score=Perfect Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Treatment_(Italian_TV_series)=In Treatment (Italian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar:_Britain_in_the_Sun=Gibraltar: Britain in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA:_Season_Nine=Bellator MMA: Season Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_(TV_program)=Wake Up (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIG_Fame_Star=BIG Fame Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_in_a_Poke=Pig in a Poke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kris_(television_show)=Kris (television show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cartoon_Connection=The Cartoon Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Melbourne=Good Morning Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Til_Ten=Til Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabardasth_(Comedy_Show)=Jabardasth (Comedy Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olbermann_(TV_series)=Olbermann (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Women's_Room=Two Women's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsline_Philippines=Newsline Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlander_(TV_series)=Outlander (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Sydney=Good Morning Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Cosplay=Heroes of Cosplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up_Doc%3F_(Australian_TV_series)=What's Up Doc? (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_House_(Australian_TV_series)=Our House (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsline_World=Newsline World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_PBS_English_News_Service=Thai PBS English News Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kehta_Hai_Dil_Jee_Le_Zara=Kehta Hai Dil Jee Le Zara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busting_Loose_(TV_series)=Busting Loose (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definitely_Neighbors=Definitely Neighbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hit_(Irish_TV_series)=The Hit (Irish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_M_for_Murder_(TV_series)=Dial M for Murder (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faith_Brown_Chat_Show=The Faith Brown Chat Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_(TV_series)=The Real (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_Boyle:_An_Unlikely_Superstar=Susan Boyle: An Unlikely Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Merlin=The Boy Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_Girl:_Acapulco=Gossip Girl: Acapulco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toda_Mujer=Toda Mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Gaim=Kamen Rider Gaim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Cooking%3F_(Australian_TV_series)=What's Cooking? (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darren_Sanders_Show=The Darren Sanders Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Top_Team=Medical Top Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Women_(TV_series)=Dangerous Women (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Angel's_Choice=An Angel's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Favourite_Supermarket_Foods=Britain's Favourite Supermarket Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_(TV_series)=Reckless (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightingale's_Boys=Nightingale's Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Fisher=Growing Up Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burka_Avenger=Burka Avenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandelion_Family=Dandelion Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorn_Flower=Thorn Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boffin,_the_Builder_and_the_Bombardier=The Boffin, the Builder and the Bombardier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twinkle_Twinkle_(TV_series)=Twinkle Twinkle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Boots=Yellow Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Second_Quiz=The Million Second Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_(TV_program)=Denise (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Download_(game_show)=Download (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Rooms_(Australian_TV_series)=Changing Rooms (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Dome=Cash Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owner's_Manual_(TV_series)=Owner's Manual (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bom_Dia_&_Companhia=Bom Dia & Companhia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_on_Bowen=Live on Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_61-67=Drama 61-67
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raid_the_Cage=Raid the Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cartoon_Company=The Cartoon Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daryl_and_Ossie_Cartoon_Show=The Daryl and Ossie Cartoon Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Down_South=Party Down South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal_with_It_(TV_series)=Deal with It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_Risk=Love at Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socias=Socias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radha_Hi_Bawari=Radha Hi Bawari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommarkrysset=Sommarkrysset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doki_(TV_series)=Doki (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Writers'_Room=The Writers' Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_Date_(1950_DuMont_TV_series)=Dinner Date (1950 DuMont TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Dil_Bandhe_Ek_Dori_Se=Do Dil Bandhe Ek Dori Se
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kis_Din_Mera_Viyah_Howay_Ga=Kis Din Mera Viyah Howay Ga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditie_Robinson_2013=Expeditie Robinson 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgeon_Bong_Dal-hee=Surgeon Bong Dal-hee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazza_(TV_series)=Tazza (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_(1967_TV_series)=Pride and Prejudice (1967 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hungry_Sailors=The Hungry Sailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_Weekend=Boys Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SlideShow_(TV_series)=SlideShow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awesomes=The Awesomes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Punjab=Voice of Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Garden_(TV_series)=The Secret Garden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capture_(TV_series)=Capture (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mic_and_Mack=Mic and Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_That_America_(TV_series)=Ain't That America (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Alan_Watching%3F=What's Alan Watching?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Greatest_Machines_with_Chris_Barrie=Britain's Greatest Machines with Chris Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunn_Zara=Aunn Zara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamini_Damini=Kamini Damini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepping_Out_(UK_TV_series)=Stepping Out (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peru's_Next_Top_Model=Peru's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Town_(2013_TV_series)=Boom Town (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo_(TV_series)=Fargo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Masterchef_Swaad_Ke_Ustaad=Junior Masterchef Swaad Ke Ustaad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahabharat_(2013_TV_series)=Mahabharat (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustakh_Dil=Gustakh Dil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelorette_India=The Bachelorette India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mill_(TV_series)=The Mill (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Did_You_Come_to_Japan%3F=Why Did You Come to Japan?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Temptation=Great Temptation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumbh_Karan=Kumbh Karan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerial_America=Aerial America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canzonissima=Canzonissima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyra:_Ang_Babaeng_Apoy=Pyra: Ang Babaeng Apoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeja's_Older_Sister,_Minja=Aeja's Older Sister, Minja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stafford_Project=The Stafford Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIMA_Satria_Garuda=BIMA Satria Garuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tenali_Raman=The Adventures of Tenali Raman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noddy_Aur_Daddy=Noddy Aur Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Choose_40=U Choose 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Alfred_and_the_Anglo_Saxons=King Alfred and the Anglo Saxons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Excelsior=Star Trek: Excelsior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Star's_Little_Star=Big Star's Little Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Love_(TV_series)=Secret Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspiring_Generation=Inspiring Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Kitchen_Required=No Kitchen Required
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn:_Washington's_Spies=Turn: Washington's Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divide_(TV_series)=The Divide (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Road_(TV_series)=The Red Road (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutthroat_Kitchen=Cutthroat Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pradhanmantri=Pradhanmantri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man-o-Salwa=Man-o-Salwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extant_(TV_series)=Extant (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recipe_to_Riches_(Australian_TV_series)=Recipe to Riches (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Are_You%3F_(2013_TV_series)=Who Are You? (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titser_(TV_series)=Titser (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_(2012_TV_series)=Family (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nora_(telenovela)=Nora (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Building_(TV_series)=The Building (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_View_with_Ashleigh_Banfield=Legal View with Ashleigh Banfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krankies_Klub=The Krankies Klub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.T.V=K.T.V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krankies_Elektronik_Komik=The Krankies Elektronik Komik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joke_Machine=The Joke Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Australia=Totally Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slow_Mo_Guys=The Slow Mo Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Puppet_Game_Show=That Puppet Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clang_Invasion=Clang Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_No!_It's_an_Alien_Invasion=Oh No! It's an Alien Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_History_(2013_TV_series)=Haunted History (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betul_ke_bohong%3F=Betul ke bohong?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_the_Seaspray=Adventures of the Seaspray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Riverboat_Bill=The Ballad of Riverboat Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Here_Comes_Bucknuckle=And Here Comes Bucknuckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Goes_the_Budgie=Bang Goes the Budgie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battlers_(TV_series)=The Battlers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off_(series_4)=The Great British Bake Off (series 4)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show_2013_(season_2)=El Gran Show 2013 (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhadkan_(TV_series)=Dhadkan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Know-It-All=Mister Know-It-All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_of_the_City=Beat of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Legend=Behind the Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_School_(TV_series)=Big School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_On_(U.S._TV_series)=Getting On (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Ring=Ruby Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Junior=MasterChef Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Hall_(TV_series)=Ben Hall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Boys_(TV_series)=The Birthday Boys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_of_the_Buddha=Bones of the Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Hall_(TV_series)=Village Hall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Draw_(TV_series)=Quick Draw (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AwesomenessTV_on_Nickelodeon_(TV_series)=AwesomenessTV on Nickelodeon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_puntero=El puntero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingles=Bingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang's_Family=Wang's Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bligh_(TV_series)=Bligh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bluestone_Boys=The Bluestone Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bush_Gang=The Bush Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_Island=Butterfly Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_for_the_Defence=Case for the Defence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musketeers=The Musketeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadoorat=Kadoorat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_XYZ_Show=The XYZ Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Nude=Summer Nude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_R:_A_Year_in_the_Life_of_the_Queen=Elizabeth R: A Year in the Life of the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_4_(TV_series)=Studio 4 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Ki_Beti_Nandini=Desh Ki Beti Nandini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honourable_Woman=The Honourable Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robber_(TV_series)=Robber (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Gotta_Eat_Here!=You Gotta Eat Here!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soltan-e_Sahebgharan=Soltan-e Sahebgharan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Mysteries_(Canadian_documentary)=Alien Mysteries (Canadian documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signed_by_Katie_Price=Signed by Katie Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeys_into_the_Ring_of_Fire=Journeys into the Ring of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numm=Numm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catspaw_(TV_series)=Catspaw (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwalk_(Australian_TV_series)=Catwalk (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Boond_Ishq=Ek Boond Ishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Delia's_Spice_Journey=Shane Delia's Spice Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Couples_Happy=Making Couples Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Their_Rockers_(Australian_TV_series)=Off Their Rockers (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Over_Maddie=Mind Over Maddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindi's_Bootcamp=Bindi's Bootcamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acting_Ki_Funshaala=Acting Ki Funshaala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para_vestir_santos=Para vestir santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jane_Whitney_Show=The Jane Whitney Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrestle_Talk_TV=Wrestle Talk TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OK!TV=OK!TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_Around_the_World=X Factor Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Treatment=Star Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prohibido_amar=Prohibido amar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opzoek_naar_Yolanda=Opzoek naar Yolanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_lachende_scheerkwast=De lachende scheerkwast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You_So_Much_(TV_series)=I Love You So Much (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuebe_Patrol=Nuebe Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guma_Guma_Super_Star=Guma Guma Super Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_is_weer_zo_laat!=Het is weer zo laat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Hills_(TV_Programme)=Surrey Hills (TV Programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Oekel's_Discohoek=Van Oekel's Discohoek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Shelby_the_Swamp_Man=The Legend of Shelby the Swamp Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parchhaiyan_(PTV_Home)=Parchhaiyan (PTV Home)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barend_is_weer_bezig=Barend is weer bezig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushwhacked!=Bushwhacked!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookmice=Bookmice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khelti_Hai_Zindagi_Aankh_Micholi=Khelti Hai Zindagi Aankh Micholi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Irish_Bake_Off=The Great Irish Bake Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ti_Amo_Chocolate=Ti Amo Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayside:_The_Movie=Wayside: The Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_West_(TV_series)=City West (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_in_the_Creek=Colour in the Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Midnight_Monday=Come Midnight Monday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contrabandits=Contrabandits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoepla=Hoepla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_Punks!=Steam Punks!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tota_Weds_Maina=Tota Weds Maina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Island_(TV_series)=Coral Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornflakes_for_Tea=Cornflakes for Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_in_the_Nest=Cuckoo in the Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Men_Running=Dead Men Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearest_Enemy_(TV_series)=Dearest Enemy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_(Australian_TV_series)=Delta (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Rousey_vs._Team_Tate=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Rousey vs. Team Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_Court_(Australian_TV_series)=Divorce Court (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drifter_(TV_series)=The Drifter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasty_(Australian_TV_series)=Dynasty (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggshells_(TV_series)=Eggshells (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_(TV_series)=Milan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision:_The_Measure_of_All_Things=Precision: The Measure of All Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Successful_Story_of_a_Bright_Girl=Successful Story of a Bright Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culpables=Culpables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plafond_over_de_vloer=Plafond over de vloer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_zijn_weer_thuis=We zijn weer thuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somos_los_Carmona=Somos los Carmona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_(Singaporean_TV_series)=Sudden (Singaporean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinsesa_ng_Buhay_Ko=Prinsesa ng Buhay Ko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghar_Jamai_(TV_series)=Ghar Jamai (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_(Italian_expedition)=Overland (Italian expedition)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Njan_Sthree=Njan Sthree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mkasi=Mkasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Remains_(TV_series)=What Remains (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Shui_Family=Feng Shui Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Island_(TV_series)=Falcon Island (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_and_Misfortune=Fame and Misfortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Monkey=Miami Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nash_Airflyte_Theater=The Nash Airflyte Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soltera_otra_vez=Soltera otra vez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dormitoryo=Dormitoryo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Atlanta=The New Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suspicious_Housekeeper=The Suspicious Housekeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Ki_(TV_series)=Empress Ki (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_of_Heaven_(TV_series)=Tree of Heaven (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickens_(TV_series)=Chickens (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iss_Pyaar_Ko_Kya_Naam_Doon%3F...Ek_Baar_Phir=Iss Pyaar Ko Kya Naam Doon?...Ek Baar Phir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocidad_Total=Velocidad Total
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Meet_a_Perfect_Neighbor=How to Meet a Perfect Neighbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ground_Floor=Ground Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vega's=Las Vega's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Granny=Bad Granny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_Furry_Creek=The Face of Furry Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvi=Marvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Lunch_Live=Late Lunch Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Michelin_Kitchen=Happy Michelin Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masha_and_the_Bear=Masha and the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passionate_Love=Passionate Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jejungwon_(TV_series)=Jejungwon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddha_(TV_series)=Buddha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Tips_Texas=Big Tips Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Too_Perfect_Sons=My Too Perfect Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Business=The Family Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Around=Love Around
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Pyarelal_(TV_series)=Professor Pyarelal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aseerzadi=Aseerzadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(UK_TV_series)=The Face (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(Australian_TV_series)=The Face (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nach_Baliye_6=Nach Baliye 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Phillips:_Still_Holding_On=Wilson Phillips: Still Holding On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standup_in_Stilettos=Standup in Stilettos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_vs._Boy=Girl vs. Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Fairytale_Dropouts=Teenage Fairytale Dropouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magkano_Ba_ang_Pag-ibig%3F=Magkano Ba ang Pag-ibig?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faye_Emerson's_Wonderful_Town=Faye Emerson's Wonderful Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proino_ANT1=Proino ANT1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packages_from_Planet_X=Packages from Planet X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujhe_Khuda_Pe_Yaqeen_Hai=Mujhe Khuda Pe Yaqeen Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaze_and_the_Monster_Machines=Blaze and the Monster Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A/L_iiwarai=A/L iiwarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marry_Him_If_You_Dare=Marry Him If You Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend,_Our_Legend=Friend, Our Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Mom=Instant Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_and_Friends=Shane and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Second_Chances_2=The Biggest Loser: Second Chances 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love:_Co-Ed=Tough Love: Co-Ed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magaluf_Weekender=The Magaluf Weekender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalk_and_Cheese=Chalk and Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_League_of_Their_Own_(Australian_game_show)=A League of Their Own (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mischievous_Kiss:_Love_in_Tokyo=Mischievous Kiss: Love in Tokyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Wizards=Little Wizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrying_the_Game=Marrying the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braquo=Braquo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_Love=The Sign of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aakhir_Bahu_Bhi_Toh_Beti_Hee_Hai=Aakhir Bahu Bhi Toh Beti Hee Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Condor_Heroes_(2014_TV_series)=The Condor Heroes (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Minute=Million Dollar Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ja'mie:_Private_School_Girl=Ja'mie: Private School Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assets=The Assets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Montalbano=The Young Montalbano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_kveld_med_YLVIS=I kveld med YLVIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahit_Nasaan_Ka_Man=Kahit Nasaan Ka Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_(2014_TV_series)=The Code (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etcetera_(TV_program)=Etcetera (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IndyCar_Series_on_ABC=IndyCar Series on ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Storm:_Disasters_That_Changed_The_World=Perfect Storm: Disasters That Changed The World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_World_(TV_series)=Big Bad World (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legally_Brown=Legally Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_(TV_series)=The Enchanted (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Dream_of_NeNe:_The_Wedding=I Dream of NeNe: The Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Wars:_Canada=Storage Wars: Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Greece=The Voice of Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Police=Murder Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airplane_Repo=Airplane Repo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Rogan_Questions_Everything=Joe Rogan Questions Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tout_le_monde_veut_prendre_sa_place=Tout le monde veut prendre sa place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revealed_(TV_program)=Revealed (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Shift_(TV_series)=The Night Shift (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhoot_Aaya=Bhoot Aaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Idol=Pakistan Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curucuru_and_Friends=Curucuru and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Wars=Skin Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Love_Away=Give Love Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_and_Only_(TV_programme)=The One and Only (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Container_Wars=Container Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_otra_piel=En otra piel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topik_(TV_program)=Topik (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Heart_of_the_World=Journey to the Heart of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Any_Means_(2013_TV_series)=By Any Means (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poor,_Rich_Family=The Poor, Rich Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galema:_Anak_ni_Zuma=Galema: Anak ni Zuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Music_Live!=The Sound of Music Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showbiz_Police=Showbiz Police
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropa_Mo_Ko_Unli=Tropa Mo Ko Unli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawn_Stars_UK=Pawn Stars UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino's_Italian_Escape=Gino's Italian Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up_Doods%3F=What's Up Doods?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mega_and_the_Songwriter=The Mega and the Songwriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Captains_Live=Second Captains Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_to_the_White_House=Road to the White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Mans=The Wrong Mans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_Tales_for_Wicked_Kids=Haunted Tales for Wicked Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Password_(UK_game_show)=Password (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pete_Holmes_Show=The Pete Holmes Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Splash!=Celebrity Splash!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_First_(TV_series)=Murder in the First (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educating_Yorkshire=Educating Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Mercedes_(Philippine_TV_series)=Maria Mercedes (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockville_(TV_series)=Rockville (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intimate_Contact=Intimate Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Survival_Alaska=Ultimate Survival Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgive_Me_(TV_series)=Forgive Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agri_Tayo_Dito=Agri Tayo Dito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadget_Man=Gadget Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Figure_(TV_series)=Father Figure (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonna_Make_It_(TV_series)=Gonna Make It (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peg_+_Cat=Peg + Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_(TV_series)=Genesis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Was_It_Something_I_Said%3F_(TV_series)=Was It Something I Said? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotham_(TV_series)=Gotham (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingit=Bingit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Apprentice_Ireland=Celebrity Apprentice Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanako_to_Anne=Hanako to Anne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ressha_Sentai_ToQger=Ressha Sentai ToQger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_&_Cabbage=Pat & Cabbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_em_Jogo=Vidas em Jogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway's_Next_Top_Model,_Cycle_8=Norway's Next Top Model, Cycle 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_the_Moon_(TV_series)=The Dark Side of the Moon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light's_Diamond_Jubilee=Light's Diamond Jubilee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Foods_25th_Anniversary_Show:_A_Salute_to_Rodgers_and_Hammerstein=General Foods 25th Anniversary Show: A Salute to Rodgers and Hammerstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriends_(UK_TV_series)=Girlfriends (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Quintana_(2013_TV_series)=Villa Quintana (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Girls_Night=Hollywood Girls Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsel_(TV_series)=Tinsel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_Style=Living in Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_School=Dream School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Boom_(TV_series)=Sonic Boom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickle_(TV_series)=Tickle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_My_Hand_(TV_series)=Hold My Hand (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Life=Chasing Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrice_Married_Woman=Thrice Married Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bondi_Band=Bondi Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Canada=MasterChef Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lover,_Madame_Butterfly=My Lover, Madame Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Munch_Box=The Munch Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Bros._Moving_Co.=Lucas Bros. Moving Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walulis_sieht_fern=Walulis sieht fern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_9=Dancing 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Business_Report=Africa Business Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truckers_(2013_TV_series)=Truckers (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ottomans:_Europe's_Muslim_Emperors=The Ottomans: Europe's Muslim Emperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Ink=Bad Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Winter_Sun_(UK_TV_series)=Low Winter Sun (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsted=Bugsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badol_Diner_Prothom_Kodom_Ful=Badol Diner Prothom Kodom Ful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Irish_(TV_series)=London Irish (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(2013_TV_series)=The Gift (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_Chairman=Madam Chairman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katipunan_(TV_series)=Katipunan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raavi_(TV_series)=Raavi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahisagar=Mahisagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crisis_(TV_series)=The Crisis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_or_Money_(2013_TV_series)=For Love or Money (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_the_People=Face the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Ask_Pilipinas=Let's Ask Pilipinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Talk=Movie Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Stupid_Ishq=Crazy Stupid Ishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disclosed=Disclosed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riff=The Riff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B430=B430
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Scoop=Sunday Scoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricked_(TV_series)=Tricked (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_Edie=Here's Edie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prize_Island=Prize Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Business_Report=India Business Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Late_with_Alec_Baldwin=Up Late with Alec Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Hall_(TV_series)=Wolf Hall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambassadors_(TV_series)=Ambassadors (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genius_of_Invention=The Genius of Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumhari_Paakhi=Tumhari Paakhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Field_of_Blood_(TV_series)=The Field of Blood (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Claridge's=Inside Claridge's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S2:_Showbiz_Sabado=S2: Showbiz Sabado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showbiz_Lingo=Showbiz Lingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Into_Sports=Swing Into Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oye_Jassie=Oye Jassie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Kitchen_(Finland_TV_series)=Hell's Kitchen (Finland TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalash_(TV_series)=Kalash (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_Crime=Confessions of Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_School_Cop_Outs=Beauty School Cop Outs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Justice=Cold Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaksyon=Reaksyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unique_Flavor=Unique Flavor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchufe.tv=Enchufe.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botines=Botines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love_from_the_Star=My Love from the Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Side_Up=Sunday Side Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristy_Per_Minute=Cristy Per Minute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Transsexual_Summer=My Transsexual Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Kill_(U.S._TV_series)=Those Who Kill (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETC_HQ=ETC HQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positive_(TV_series)=Positive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Normal=Edge of Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipsqueaks=Pipsqueaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Your_Dreams_(TV_series)=In Your Dreams (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Tony_&_Co.=Fat Tony & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngest_of_the_Hamr's_Family=Youngest of the Hamr's Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinful_People_of_Prague=The Sinful People of Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Med=Mighty Med
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thicker_Than_Water:_The_Tankards=Thicker Than Water: The Tankards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunnel_(TV_series)=The Tunnel (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Love_(TV_series)=Crazy Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Beaten_Track_(TV_series)=Off the Beaten Track (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Characters_Dictation_Competition=Chinese Characters Dictation Competition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland_Foods:_Life_in_the_Freezer_Cabinet=Iceland Foods: Life in the Freezer Cabinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Test_(TV_series)=The Test (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justujoo=Justujoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tudor_Monastery_Farm=Tudor Monastery Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Inn_(2014_TV_series)=Jamaica Inn (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_There_to_Here=From There to Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(UK_TV_series)=The Game (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Field=The Crimson Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Club_(TV_series)=In the Club (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppy_Love_(TV_series)=Puppy Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crane_Gang=The Crane Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podcast_squared=Podcast squared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visionaries:_Small_Solutions_to_Enormously_Large_Problems=Visionaries: Small Solutions to Enormously Large Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Free_Agents=The Challenge: Free Agents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumble_(TV_series)=Tumble (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl/Girl_Scene=Girl/Girl Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Home_in_Their_Hands=Your Home in Their Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Wars_(documentary)=Fox Wars (documentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiators_(1992_UK_TV_series)=Gladiators (1992 UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honesto=Honesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poochinski=Poochinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_(TV_series)=Amber (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirsty's_Home_Videos=Kirsty's Home Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Met_(TV_series)=The Met (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Allotment_Challenge=The Big Allotment Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Hollywood's_Pies_and_Puds=Paul Hollywood's Pies and Puds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me,_I'm_a_Game_Show_Host=Trust Me, I'm a Game Show Host
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropes_vs._Women_in_Video_Games=Tropes vs. Women in Video Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Trade=Family Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Yes_to_the_Dress:_Randy_Knows_Best=Say Yes to the Dress: Randy Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Factory=Food Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Jr.=Julius Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajaxjournaal=Ajaxjournaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Dream_Show=Chinese Dream Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passing_Bells=The Passing Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Great_War=Britain's Great War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Paramedics=Junior Paramedics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Hook:_Extreme_Catches=Off the Hook: Extreme Catches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_Up_North=Court Up North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Hai_Aashiqui=Yeh Hai Aashiqui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip_or_Flop_(TV_series)=Flip or Flop (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Queens=Fashion Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_Me_My_Man=Find Me My Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@midnight=@midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Been_Paying_Attention%3F=Have You Been Paying Attention?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressure_Pad=Pressure Pad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Strange_&_Mr_Norrell_(TV_series)=Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Serious_Show=The Super Serious Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNN_News=SNN News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Clarkson's_Cautionary_Christmas_Music_Tale=Kelly Clarkson's Cautionary Christmas Music Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Gwyll=Y Gwyll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JKT48_Missions=JKT48 Missions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfortune_of_Being_Ned=The Misfortune of Being Ned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa's_Next_Top_Model=Africa's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Governor's_Wife=The Governor's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_DeVine's_House_Party=Adam DeVine's House Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Assembly_Required_(2014_TV_series)=Some Assembly Required (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deus_(TV_Show)=Deus (TV Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutel=Yutel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legal_Wife=The Legal Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenger_Muay_Thai=The Challenger Muay Thai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_King_Korea=Fashion King Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comic's_Choice=Comic's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stray_Cat=The Stray Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo_Rules=Angelo Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirkus_Humberto=Cirkus Humberto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swindon_Bowl_Concerts=Swindon Bowl Concerts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedlam_(2013_TV_series)=Bedlam (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2020_(mini-series)=2020 (mini-series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Bed_with_Joan=In Bed with Joan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drifters_(TV_series)=Drifters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermarket_Secrets=Supermarket Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Minister_and_I=Prime Minister and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backchat_(TV_series)=Backchat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangue_Bom=Sangue Bom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Beauty=Houston Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Angel_BeLIEve_(TV_series)=Criss Angel BeLIEve (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firangi_Bahu=Firangi Bahu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News_Calendar=ITV News Calendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Ross=Hello Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Mahone_Takeover=Austin Mahone Takeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adarna_(TV_series)=Adarna (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhong_Hua_Hao_Shi_Ci=Zhong Hua Hao Shi Ci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talent_High_School_-_Il_sogno_di_Sofia=Talent High School - Il sogno di Sofia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_Football_(UK_TV_Programme)=Sunday Night Football (UK TV Programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobra_(television_programme)=Kobra (television programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucie_Arnaz_Show=The Lucie Arnaz Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Man=Pretty Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diretta_Stadio=Diretta Stadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_House=Alpha House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bunter_of_Greyfriars_School_(TV_series)=Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Gaga_and_the_Muppets'_Holiday_Spectacular=Lady Gaga and the Muppets' Holiday Spectacular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelors_At_War=Bachelors At War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Telly=Show Me the Telly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowned_(web_series)=Crowned (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Young_Doctor's_Notebook_(TV_series)=A Young Doctor's Notebook (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beehive_(TV_show)=Beehive (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_News_at_Nine=BBC News at Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordertown_(2015_TV_series)=Bordertown (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Oras_Northern_Mindanao=24 Oras Northern Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_in_Need_2013=Children in Need 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Cities_of_Gold_(2012_TV_series)=The Mysterious Cities of Gold (2012 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Burma:_Nature's_Lost_Kingdom=Wild Burma: Nature's Lost Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_(TV_series)=Bert (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Tosh=The World of Tosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vir_The_Robot_Boy=Vir The Robot Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khon_Uad_Phee=Khon Uad Phee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_(TV_series)=Three Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonderland=Yonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_We_Love%3F=Can We Love?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demente_criminal=Demente criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipping_Vegas=Flipping Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Cryo=Generation Cryo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_of_Love_(TV_series)=Melody of Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_in_Need_Rocks_2013=Children in Need Rocks 2013
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arbitrator=The Arbitrator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Relief_Does_Glee_Club=Sport Relief Does Glee Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Game_in_Town_(game_show)=The Biggest Game in Town (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Choir:_Sing_While_You_Work=The Choir: Sing While You Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aasmanon_Pay_Likha=Aasmanon Pay Likha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gran_Show_2013:_Reyes_del_Show=El Gran Show 2013: Reyes del Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Warm_Word=One Warm Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Well-Raised_Daughter=One Well-Raised Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Couch_(2013_TV_series)=On the Couch (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Nation=Ford Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_House_(TV_series)=Dog House (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_sa_Kusina=Idol sa Kusina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goin'_Bananas_(TV_series)=Goin' Bananas (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doli_Armaano_Ki=Doli Armaano Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangrasiya=Rangrasiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadtime_Stories_(TV_series)=Deadtime Stories (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Mask_(documentary_series)=Behind the Mask (documentary series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Who:_Greatest_Monsters_&_Villains=Doctor Who: Greatest Monsters & Villains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain_and_the_Sea=Britain and the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Interior_Design_Challenge=The Great Interior Design Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_British_Garden_Revival=Great British Garden Revival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_of_a_Man=Mind of a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_China=The Ultimate Fighter: China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howard_Stern_Show_(WWOR)=The Howard Stern Show (WWOR)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gossip_Table=The Gossip Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beintehaa=Beintehaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Morning_Buzz_Live=Big Morning Buzz Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamsam_(TV_series)=Vamsam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Debate=The Big Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Daryl's_House=Live from Daryl's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsWatch_TV=NewsWatch TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azhagi_(TV_series)=Azhagi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bommalattam_(TV_series)=Bommalattam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindergarten_(TV_series)=Kindergarten (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead:_The_Oath=The Walking Dead: The Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sondha_Bandham=Sondha Bandham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namaste_Yoga=Namaste Yoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimmy_(TV_series)=Shimmy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Pit_Lane=In Pit Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser_Australia:_Challenge_Australia=The Biggest Loser Australia: Challenge Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Smith:_Burn_in_Hell=Kevin Smith: Burn in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dusk_till_Dawn:_The_Series=From Dusk till Dawn: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Men_in_a_Year=Twelve Men in a Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormones:_The_Series=Hormones: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Court=Guy Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Kingdoms=Hidden Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crackanory=Crackanory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastico_(variety_show)=Fantastico (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_at_Sea_(TV_series)=All at Sea (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture!_Picture!=Picture! Picture!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Must_Be_the_Music_(Poland)=Must Be the Music (Poland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Open_All_Hours=Still Open All Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_and_Morty=Rick and Morty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No,_You_Shut_Up!=No, You Shut Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey:_A_Voyage=The Journey: A Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Nashville=Chasing Nashville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Boy_(TV_series)=Ma Boy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAF3=SAF3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant_Express=Restaurant Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1700_(TV_series)=1700 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHL_on_Sportsnet=NHL on Sportsnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Baramma=Lakshmi Baramma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Loves_Dallas=Courtney Loves Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekk_Nayi_Pehchaan=Ekk Nayi Pehchaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q_Pootle_5=Q Pootle 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binnelanders=Binnelanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Control_(TV_program)=Out of Control (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(Israel_TV_series)=The Bachelor (Israel TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_with_Griff_Rhys_Jones=Rivers with Griff Rhys Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Played_(TV_series)=Played (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Universe=Human Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castles_in_the_Sky_(film)=Castles in the Sky (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4thought.tv=4thought.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Your_Face_Off=Sing Your Face Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Below_Zero=Life Below Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Sports_Live=Fox Sports Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buying_Naked=Buying Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter_Nations:_Canada_vs._Australia=The Ultimate Fighter Nations: Canada vs. Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliados=Aliados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Know_Your_New_York=Know Your New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Jun_Tra_(2013_TV_series)=Mon Jun Tra (2013 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fah_Krajang_Dao=Fah Krajang Dao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czechia-Slovakia's_Got_Talent=Czechia-Slovakia's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_(Turkish_TV_series)=X Factor (Turkish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siempre_tuya_Acapulco=Siempre tuya Acapulco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Bravo=Las Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_X_(Portuguese_TV_series)=Factor X (Portuguese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clairvoyant_(TV_series)=The Clairvoyant (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aur_Pyaar_Ho_Gaya_(TV_series)=Aur Pyaar Ho Gaya (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor:_Khatron_Ke_Khiladi_(season_5)=Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi (season 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_(TV_series)=Run (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Naa_Bhoolungi=Main Naa Bhoolungi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyros_(TV_series)=Pyros (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leliko=Leliko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mis_amigos_de_siempre=Mis amigos de siempre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_(TV_series)=Bonnie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitten_(TV_series)=Bitten (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Biwi_Se_Kare_Pyaar=Jo Biwi Se Kare Pyaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ye_Hai_Mohabbatein=Ye Hai Mohabbatein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Insiders=NFL Insiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaKokhav_HaBa=HaKokhav HaBa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_We_Going,_Dad%3F_(TV_series)=Where Are We Going, Dad? (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_regreso_(telenovela)=El regreso (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Singer_(Chinese_TV_series)=I Am a Singer (Chinese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rega_im_Dodley=Rega im Dodley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dress_Gray=Dress Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_British_Airline=A Very British Airline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Rainbow_(TV_series)=Golden Rainbow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_KFC=Inside KFC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W1A_(TV_series)=W1A (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Culture_Vultures=The Culture Vultures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wife_Jacqueline=My Wife Jacqueline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Days_&_1_Night_(Chinese_TV_series)=2 Days & 1 Night (Chinese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Red_Dot=On the Red Dot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Chavo_Animado=El Chavo Animado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twoja_twarz_brzmi_znajomo=Twoja twarz brzmi znajomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Affairs_(1964_TV_series)=Foreign Affairs (1964 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Affairs_(1966_TV_series)=Foreign Affairs (1966 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke's_Kingdom=Luke's Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishq_Kills=Ishq Kills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska:_The_Last_Frontier=Alaska: The Last Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jump=The Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Vikings=Tales of the Vikings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrible_Histories_(2009_TV_series)=Horrible Histories (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine._Perfekt_war_gestern!=Christine. Perfekt war gestern!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Live_Alone_(TV_series)=I Live Alone (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandela:_The_Struggle_Is_My_Life=Mandela: The Struggle Is My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Today=Good Morning Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Justice_Duncannon=Mr Justice Duncannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_+_Princess_2=Prince + Princess 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_Romance=Shining Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Korea_(TV_series)=Miss Korea (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taste_(UK_TV_series)=The Taste (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Pakistan=MasterChef Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Fools_(TV_series)=House of Fools (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_It_to_the_Marines_(TV_series)=Tell It to the Marines (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horizon_(web_series)=The Horizon (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounty_Lady=Bounty Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_biggest_game_show_in_the_world_(Greece)=The biggest game show in the world (Greece)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_(TV_series)=Cubic (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Passion=The Color of Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.L.I.F._3=C.L.I.F. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_(2014_TV_series)=Partners (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Have_Ways_of_Making_You_Laugh_(TV_series)=We Have Ways of Making You Laugh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Hornets=Marble Hornets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogglebox=Gogglebox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Rebu=O Rebu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrubbing_In_(TV_series)=Scrubbing In (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shemesh_(TV_series)=Shemesh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Caps_(TV_series)=Red Caps (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomers_(TV_series)=Boomers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenda_(Swedish_TV_program)=Agenda (Swedish TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breadwinners_(TV_series)=Breadwinners (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_Goat_Banana_Cricket=Pig Goat Banana Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleanists=The Cleanists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Idol=Vampire Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_&_Bubbles=Water & Bubbles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eka_Lagnachi_Teesri_Goshta=Eka Lagnachi Teesri Goshta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Merton's_Adventures=Paul Merton's Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Witch_Way=Every Witch Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickel_Flicks=Nickel Flicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Couple=Emergency Couple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Marco_&_Gina=The Adventures of Marco & Gina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clic_&_Cat=Clic & Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets_Pals=Pets Pals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Sweetie_Home=Home Sweetie Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuk_Keep_Smile=Yuk Keep Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodora_X=Rhodora X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gohar-e-Nayab=Gohar-e-Nayab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflex_(game_show)=Reflex (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Days_of_Summer=100 Days of Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toned_Up=Toned Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmela_(TV_series)=Carmela (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filthy_Sexy_Teen$=Filthy Sexy Teen$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virus_(TV_series)=The Virus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brody_Stevens:_Enjoy_It!=Brody Stevens: Enjoy It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensitive_Skin_(Canadian_TV_series)=Sensitive Skin (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Whole=You're Whole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_TV_(Philippine_TV_series)=Talk TV (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUC_The_Lighter_Side_of_Life=TUC The Lighter Side of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_Now_Standing=The Train Now Standing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chozen=Chozen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Voz_Peru=La Voz Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazaaq_Raat=Mazaaq Raat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsaengi=Samsaengi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howzzattt=Howzzattt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inborn_Pair=Inborn Pair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_and_newspapers_Summary=News and newspapers Summary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brousko=Brousko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Ball_(TV_show)=Michael Ball (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CarniK_Con=CarniK Con
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unriddle=Unriddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Up!=Mother Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBC_The_Voice=MBC The Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_(2013_game_show)=Challenger (2013 game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Tierro=Del Tierro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriba,_Arriba!=Arriba, Arriba!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Land_Confidential=TV Land Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numb_Chucks=Numb Chucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spicks_and_Specks_(2014_TV_series)=Spicks and Specks (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peleles=Peleles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Squad=The Green Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draw_It!=Draw It!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martin_Lewis_Money_Show=The Martin Lewis Money Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_Heels=Blood, Sweat & Heels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Oak_Island=The Curse of Oak Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khoya_Khoya_Chand_(TV_Series)=Khoya Khoya Chand (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel's_Revenge_(TV_series)=Angel's Revenge (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_O'Grady's_Animal_Orphans=Paul O'Grady's Animal Orphans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lan_Ling_Wang_(TV_series)=Lan Ling Wang (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ai_No_Shizuku=Ai No Shizuku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Pilot=Miss Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primera_dama_(2010_telenovela)=Primera dama (2010 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versatile_Varieties=Versatile Varieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Laid_Plans_(TV_series)=The Best Laid Plans (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Gunn=Under the Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remedy_(TV_series)=Remedy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_the_Engels=Working the Engels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_A=Studio A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Henry_Show=The Paul Henry Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Gold=Land of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trauma_(Canadian_TV_series)=Trauma (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legacy_(TV_series)=The Legacy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_&_Hungry=Young & Hungry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Valley_(TV_series)=Silicon Valley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Dad=Action Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Brazil_3=The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_USA=Entertainment USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Get_to)_The_Point=(Get to) The Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Need_Romance_3=I Need Romance 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Independents_(TV_show)=The Independents (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Kids_(Philippine_TV_series)=The Voice Kids (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowed_Wife=The Borrowed Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraiso_Ko'y_Ikaw=Paraiso Ko'y Ikaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benefits_Street=Benefits Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabella_(TV_series)=Mirabella (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyesebel_(2014_TV_series)=Dyesebel (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Against_Fate=Thirteen Against Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA:_Season_Ten=Bellator MMA: Season Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(TV_series)=Obsession (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JustSaying=JustSaying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotwives_of_Orlando=The Hotwives of Orlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysteries_at_the_Museum=Mysteries at the Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_History_(TV_series)=Big History (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Secrets_&_Legends=Castle Secrets & Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arambham=Arambham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversation_Pieces=Conversation Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_RCR_(TV_series)=7 RCR (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Sweden_(2014_TV_series)=Welcome to Sweden (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Job_(TV_series)=Inside Job (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chef's_Protege=The Chef's Protege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Dalawang_Mrs._Real=Ang Dalawang Mrs. Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvitt_eller_dubbelt=Kvitt eller dubbelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canadian_Establishment_(TV_series)=The Canadian Establishment (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dude_Perfect=Dude Perfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Roth's_It's_Supernatural=Sid Roth's It's Supernatural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Flights=Dangerous Flights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_processo_di_Biscardi=Il processo di Biscardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Campionato_dei_Campioni=Il Campionato dei Campioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Special=NFL Special
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novastadio=Novastadio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Life=Hawaii Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey:_Tumultuous_Times=The Journey: Tumultuous Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Raju=Mighty Raju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_(TV_series)=Salem (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Grumps=Game Grumps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Calls_the_Heart_(TV_series)=When Calls the Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Life_Stories=Sports Life Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_Cadet_'85=Police Cadet '85
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaka_Dhimi_Tha_Dancing_Star=Thaka Dhimi Tha Dancing Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_the_World_by_Train=See the World by Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Melbourne_Tonight=Under Melbourne Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_miserables_(2014_telenovela)=Los miserables (2014 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Goin'_On_There%3F=What's Goin' On There?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Shout=Whose Shout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Adventures_of_Morph=The Amazing Adventures of Morph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_(TV_series)=Uncle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fashion_Fund=The Fashion Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadda_Haq_(TV_series)=Sadda Haq (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golan_the_Insatiable=Golan the Insatiable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Set=Breaking the Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_India_Dance_Li'l_Masters_(season_3)=Dance India Dance Li'l Masters (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opposite_Worlds=Opposite Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Roadies_(season_11)=MTV Roadies (season 11)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Representing_Border=Representing Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Flame=The Big Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HitRecord_on_TV=HitRecord on TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Time_in_Hollywood,_FL=Big Time in Hollywood, FL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Silver_Tongue=Return of the Silver Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Score_(Sports_news_show)=The Score (Sports news show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_plus=News plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Days_(TV_series)=Wonderful Days (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Michael_McIntyre_Chat_Show=The Michael McIntyre Chat Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Morgan's_Great_Talent_Hunt=Henry Morgan's Great Talent Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldova_are_talent=Moldova are talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Driver_(TV_series)=The Driver (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Planet_(TV_series)=Monkey Planet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watermen:_A_Dirty_Business=Watermen: A Dirty Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me_(TV_series)=Remember Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Valley_(TV_series)=Happy Valley (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Young_Teachers=Tough Young Teachers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirke_(TV_series)=Quirke (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inaam_Ghar=Inaam Ghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deer_and_the_Cauldron_(2014_TV_series)=The Deer and the Cauldron (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Hunt's_Fishing_Adventure=Rex Hunt's Fishing Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Saturday_Night_Football=Ford Saturday Night Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuelve_temprano=Vuelve temprano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Girl_(TV_series)=Hey Girl (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boarding_pass_(TV_series)=Boarding pass (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozart_in_the_Jungle=Mozart in the Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roast=The Roast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Melbourne=The Real Housewives of Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_City=Broad City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyDOL=MyDOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohabat_Subh_Ka_Sitara_Hai=Mohabat Subh Ka Sitara Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charlie_Drake_Show=The Charlie Drake Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake's_Progress=Drake's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worker_(TV_series)=The Worker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_and_HG's_Russian_Revolution=Roy and HG's Russian Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Only_Mine=You're Only Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Buck_(1986_UK_game_show)=Pass the Buck (1986 UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_the_Buck_(1998_UK_game_show)=Pass the Buck (1998 UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Lifestyle_TV=It's a Lifestyle TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThingamaBob=ThingamaBob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Arms=Game of Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innamorata_(TV_series)=Innamorata (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Peace_(2015_TV_series)=War and Peace (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_(TV_series)=The Secrets (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamander_(TV_series)=Salamander (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Lies=Ordinary Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_(TV_series)=River (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_Place=The Book Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Square_Eye=Big Square Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie's_Library=Lizzie's Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afternoon_Show_(Australian_TV_series)=The Afternoon Show (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Loners=Weird Loners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahora_Noticias=Ahora Noticias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_My_Song=Sing My Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_Dogs:_Countdown_to_Crufts=Superstar Dogs: Countdown to Crufts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_(TV_miniseries)=10 (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Review_(TV_series)=Review (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Flying_Fun_Show=Super Flying Fun Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_No._9=Inside No. 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Full_Sun=The Full Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_What_You're_Made_Of_(TV_series)=Show Me What You're Made Of (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Bone_(miniseries)=Flesh and Bone (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intruders_(TV_series)=Intruders (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Falls=Jennifer Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_That_Changed_America:_A_Grammy_Salute_to_The_Beatles=The Night That Changed America: A Grammy Salute to The Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Factor_Slovakia=X Factor Slovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashita,_Mama_ga_Inai=Ashita, Mama ga Inai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bienvenidos_(TV_program)=Bienvenidos (TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishq_Mein_Teray=Ishq Mein Teray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostages_(Israeli_TV_series)=Hostages (Israeli TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Gift_-_14_Days=God's Gift - 14 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_(TV_series)=Hair (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_James!=Home James!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_Blue_(TV_series)=The Girl in Blue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahlburgers=Wahlburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ples_sa_zvezdama=Ples sa zvezdama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Builders=Mega Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detectorists=Detectorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walshes=The Walshes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Rock_with_Brian_Pern=The Life of Rock with Brian Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Greys=Amazing Greys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastwatch_Oz=Coastwatch Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_and_Out_of_the_Kitchen_(TV_series)=In and Out of the Kitchen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line_of_Beauty_(TV_series)=The Line of Beauty (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devils_Ride=The Devils Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_an_Indian_Teenager=Confessions of an Indian Teenager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracepoint=Gracepoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Quacks_Don't_Echo_(U.S._TV_series)=Duck Quacks Don't Echo (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seriously_Funny_Kids=Seriously Funny Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interceptor=The Interceptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spun_Out=Spun Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Folklorist_(TV_Show)=The Folklorist (TV Show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCIS:_New_Orleans=NCIS: New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_Aspen=Secrets of Aspen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Talk_About_Pep=Let's Talk About Pep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Full_Contact=NFL Full Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robert_Verdi_Show=The Robert Verdi Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flash_(2014_TV_series)=The Flash (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somos_familia=Somos familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Lanes_(TV_series)=Changing Lanes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opening_Bell_with_Maria_Bartiromo=Opening Bell with Maria Bartiromo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loft_Live=The Loft Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dimensionpants=Dr. Dimensionpants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senhora_do_Destino=Senhora do Destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Better_Lives=Friends with Better Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glamour_Belles=Glamour Belles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_the_Wind=Born to the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronan_Farrow_Daily=Ronan Farrow Daily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.K.A._Jessica_Jones=A.K.A. Jessica Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_of_Rain=Sounds of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Vonnegut's_Monkey_House=Kurt Vonnegut's Monkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Affairs_Team_TEN=Special Affairs Team TEN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guess_List=The Guess List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endangered_Species_(TV_series)=Endangered Species (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auction_Squad=Auction Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_Shop_Wars=Pound Shop Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Maa_(Life_OK)=Meri Maa (Life OK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brits_who_Built_the_Modern_World=The Brits who Built the Modern World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infoman=Infoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raa_Raa_the_Noisy_Lion=Raa Raa the Noisy Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_(2014_TV_series)=Triangle (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_las_11=A las 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un-Real=Un-Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Maa_(Geo_TV)=Meri Maa (Geo TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekkit_Rabbit=Rekkit Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitu_and_Woofl=Kitu and Woofl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyarey_Afzal=Pyarey Afzal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikaw_Lamang=Ikaw Lamang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeong_Do-jeon_(TV_series)=Jeong Do-jeon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmar:_The_Heel_of_the_Loaf=Osmar: The Heel of the Loaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uuden_Musiikin_Kilpailu=Uuden Musiikin Kilpailu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Drive_Here=Don't Drive Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavin_Crawford's_Wild_West=Gavin Crawford's Wild West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transparent_(TV_series)=Transparent (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grudge:_The_Revolt_of_Gumiho=Grudge: The Revolt of Gumiho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquino_&_Abunda_Tonight=Aquino & Abunda Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delete_(2011_TV_miniseries)=Delete (2011 TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Week_Tonight_with_John_Oliver=Last Week Tonight with John Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Lives_of_Nashville_Wives=Private Lives of Nashville Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahit_Moos_Al-Hallaq=Tahit Moos Al-Hallaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_(TV_series)=Babylon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astronaut_Wives_Club=The Astronaut Wives Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Want_to_be_Top%3F_(UK_game_show)=So You Want to be Top? (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Tub_Variety_Show=Hot Tub Variety Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kambal_Sirena=Kambal Sirena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhtar's_return=Muhtar's return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairy_Bikers'_Asian_Adventure=The Hairy Bikers' Asian Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopped:_Canada=Chopped: Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supernatural:_Bloodlines=Supernatural: Bloodlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preachers_of_L.A.=Preachers of L.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Forever_as_You_Are_Now_with_Alan_Resnick=Live Forever as You Are Now with Alan Resnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Spy=London Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous,_Rich_and_Hungry=Famous, Rich and Hungry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Side_Story_(2014_TV_series)=South Side Story (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Magic=Killer Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travel_Show_(TV_series)=The Travel Show (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ballet=Big Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For-Profit_Online_University=For-Profit Online University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucho_gusto_(Chilean_TV_program)=Mucho gusto (Chilean TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_Dave=Step Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Food_Race=The Great Food Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_of_Mum_and_Dad=Hotel of Mum and Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anansi_Boys_(TV_series)=Anansi Boys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Me_or_Leave_Me_(Taiwan_TV_series)=Love Me or Leave Me (Taiwan TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Lazy_and_Driving_Us_Crazy=Young, Lazy and Driving Us Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Carter=Finding Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_plateados=Los plateados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Refugees_(TV_series)=The Refugees (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_(TV_series)=Legends (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Story_(TV_series)=Life Story (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphins_-_Spy_in_the_Pod=Dolphins - Spy in the Pod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_King=Hotel King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunning_Single_Lady=Cunning Single Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Sloane=Mr. Sloane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Grand_Canyon_with_Dan_Snow=Operation Grand Canyon with Dan Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Got_to_Now=How We Got to Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosch_(TV_series)=Bosch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_It_(game_show)=Move It (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Wonders_of_Britain=Sacred Wonders of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Teenage_Wedding=My Teenage Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lie_(game_show)=The Lie (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goals_on_Sunday_(Yorkshire_TV)=Goals on Sunday (Yorkshire TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickel-O-Zone=Nickel-O-Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixels=Mixels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_and_Minds_(1995_TV_series)=Hearts and Minds (1995 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olho_no_Olho=Olho no Olho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Story_(Australian_TV_program)=Inside Story (Australian TV program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Heaven=Edge of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Rules=Family Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_House=Beat the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadbury_Dream_Factory=Cadbury Dream Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Man_on_Earth_(TV_series)=The Last Man on Earth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriends'_Guide_to_Divorce=Girlfriends' Guide to Divorce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidewalk_Scientist=Sidewalk Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabbed_(TV_series)=Nabbed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_(2014_TV_series)=Mimi (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_(TV_series)=Lindsay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrant_(TV_series)=Tyrant (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magandang_Umaga_South_Central_Mindanao=Magandang Umaga South Central Mindanao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother's_Garden=Mother's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Stranger=Doctor Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Dada=Lady Dada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_(TV_series)=The Brain (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toga_se_niko_nije_setio=Toga se niko nije setio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bride_of_the_Century=Bride of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Fox:_Extreme_Adventures=Sam Fox: Extreme Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirens_(2014_TV_series)=Sirens (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Girls'_Generation=MTV Girls' Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ejector_Seat=Ejector Seat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackerel_Run=Mackerel Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samvidhaan=Samvidhaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smoke_(TV_series)=The Smoke (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daryl_and_Ossie_Show=The Daryl and Ossie Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Ship_(TV_series)=The Last Ship (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Torpe=Confessions of a Torpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creating_Destiny=Creating Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ples_sa_Zvezdama_(Season_1)=Ples sa Zvezdama (Season 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reid_Report=The Reid Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faking_It_(2014_TV_series)=Faking It (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_&_Em=Doll & Em
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumkum_Bhagya=Kumkum Bhagya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Profit_(TV_series)=The Profit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shareef_Show_Mubarak_Ho=The Shareef Show Mubarak Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Relief's_Top_Dog=Sport Relief's Top Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Osmonds_(TV_series)=The Osmonds (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/18_Jin_Bu_Jin%3F=18 Jin Bu Jin?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permission_Impossible:_Britain's_Planners=Permission Impossible: Britain's Planners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Love_Affair=Secret Love Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tansholpan_(telecast)=Tansholpan (telecast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishti_Kutum=Ishti Kutum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pritam_Pyare_Aur_Woh=Pritam Pyare Aur Woh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11-11:_En_mi_cuadra_nada_cuadra=11-11: En mi cuadra nada cuadra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Avenue_(TV_series)=Electric Avenue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrow_Your_Love=Borrow Your Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillies_Nation_TV=Phillies Nation TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tom_and_Jerry_Show_(2014_TV_series)=The Tom and Jerry Show (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_Republic=Soccer Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolescence_Medley=Adolescence Medley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashar_Momin=Bashar Momin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Members_Only_(TV_series)=Members Only (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Jones:_The_Right_Time=Tom Jones: The Right Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimp_2_Warrior=Wimp 2 Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moodys=The Moodys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Give_Up_Dodo=Never Give Up Dodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_&_Lies_(U.S._TV_series)=Secrets & Lies (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Charm=Southern Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Kar_Dikha=Kuch Kar Dikha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Million_Dollar_Bigfoot_Bounty=10 Million Dollar Bigfoot Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soup_of_Life=Soup of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbo:_The_Plane_that_Changed_the_World=Jumbo: The Plane that Changed the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factomania=Factomania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_the_Gap:_London_vs_the_Rest=Mind the Gap: London vs the Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Online_Dating_Rituals_of_the_American_Male=Online Dating Rituals of the American Male
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicagoland_(TV_series)=Chicagoland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalebiyan=Jalebiyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kettering_Incident_(TV_series)=The Kettering Incident (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Target=Lone Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud,_Sweat_&_Gears=Mud, Sweat & Gears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable_Kimmy_Schmidt=Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Britain_(2014_TV_programme)=Good Morning Britain (2014 TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_(TV_programme)=Weekend (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Knew_That_About_Britain=I Never Knew That About Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auf_Wiedersehen_My_Pet=Auf Wiedersehen My Pet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Foster_(TV_series)=Doctor Foster (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapp_and_Lucia_(BBC_TV_series)=Mapp and Lucia (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papi_Ricky=Papi Ricky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Warriors=Hitler's Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpleasant_World_of_Penn_&_Teller=The Unpleasant World of Penn & Teller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_and_Tandoori=Walter and Tandoori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President_(TV_series)=The President (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Zkt._Eva=Adam Zkt. Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linea_Gialla=Linea Gialla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TG_La7=TG La7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Continents=Rise of the Continents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Hot_97=This Is Hot 97
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Files_of_Jeffrey_Jones=The Files of Jeffrey Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone's_Famous=Everyone's Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backpackers_(web_series)=Backpackers (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Assignment=On Assignment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uff_Yeh_Mohabbat=Uff Yeh Mohabbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything's_Rosie_(TV_series)=Everything's Rosie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chokher_Tara_Tui=Chokher Tara Tui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_(TV_series)=The Missing (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_(Taiwan_TV_series)=The Outsiders (Taiwan TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Garden_Wall_(TV_series)=Over the Garden Wall (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Cross_(TV_series)=Golden Cross (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Man_(TV_series)=Big Man (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heirs_to_the_Dare=Heirs to the Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_II=The Outsiders II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Dr._Pol=The Incredible Dr. Pol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Eyes_(TV_series)=Angel Eyes (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajax,_dit_is_mijn_club=Ajax, dit is mijn club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Doug_with_High=Getting Doug with High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Berry_Cooks=Mary Berry Cooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Club_(TV_series)=Country Club (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eloquent_Ji_Xiaolan=The Eloquent Ji Xiaolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvest_Villa=Harvest Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gap-dong=Gap-dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sres._Papis=Sres. Papis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ex_on_the_Beach=Ex on the Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Debate_with_Vincent_Browne=The People's Debate with Vincent Browne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_(TV_series)=Troy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Crazy_Monk=The Legend of Crazy Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice:_Louder_on_Two=The Voice: Louder on Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Qadam_Door_Thay=Do Qadam Door Thay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry'd_Treasure=Barry'd Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banished_(TV_series)=Banished (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Saw_Them_Here_First=You Saw Them Here First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Puss_in_Boots=The Adventures of Puss in Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impractical_Jokers_UK=Impractical Jokers UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_of_Desire=Moon of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrisley_Knows_Best=Chrisley Knows Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_WrestleMania_Rewind=WWE WrestleMania Rewind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_the_Truth_(UK_game_show)=Tell the Truth (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women_(1950_TV_series)=Little Women (1950 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warden_(TV_series)=The Warden (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheo_Yong=Cheo Yong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Quiz=God's Quiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangar_1:_The_UFO_Files=Hangar 1: The UFO Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Investiture_of_the_Gods_(2014_TV_series)=The Investiture of the Gods (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_a_Contractor=Catch a Contractor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Money_with_Ali_Velshi=Real Money with Ali Velshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consider_This_(TV_series)=Consider This (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Hug_Me_I'm_Scared=Don't Hug Me I'm Scared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawal_ang_Pasaway_kay_Mareng_Winnie=Bawal ang Pasaway kay Mareng Winnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Investiture_of_the_Gods_(1990_TV_series)=The Investiture of the Gods (1990 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guapas=Guapas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Car_Hoards=Lords of the Car Hoards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Maria_Menounos=Chasing Maria Menounos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_and_the_Aliens=Blake and the Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson's_Creature_Shop_Challenge=Jim Henson's Creature Shop Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_from_Tonga=Jonah from Tonga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_It!_(TV_series)=Bring It! (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_amor_lo_manejo_yo=El amor lo manejo yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazu_(TV_series)=Mazu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ji_Gong_(TV_series)=Ji Gong (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Team_Edgar_vs._Team_Penn=The Ultimate Fighter: Team Edgar vs. Team Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_607080_Show=The 607080 Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_the_One%3F=Are You the One?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Flames=Into the Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_a_Ciegas=Amor a Ciegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Up_Downunder=What's Up Downunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chowdown_Countdown=Chowdown Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_the_World=Tour the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Agenda_SA=Business Agenda SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_My_Life_(Australian_TV_series)=Time of My Life (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_Interpol=Man from Interpol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheaters_(TV_series)=The Cheaters (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunshi_Kanbei=Gunshi Kanbei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ade_at_Sea=Ade at Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viral_Tap=Viral Tap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gundarr=Gundarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_European_Union:_In_or_Out=The European Union: In or Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dream_Builders=American Dream Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uga-Uga=Uga-Uga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_(U.S._TV_series)=Matador (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchdog_Test_House=Watchdog Test House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Robinson_(TV_series)=Mr. Robinson (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Kildare_(TV_series)=Dr. Kildare (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wansapanataym_Classics=Wansapanataym Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunty_I_Love_You=Bunty I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ronca_de_Oro=La Ronca de Oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadaan_Parindey_Ghar_Aaja=Nadaan Parindey Ghar Aaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounter_(Indian_TV_series)=Encounter (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_(web_series)=Blue (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptight_(TV_series)=Uptight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_of_Lotus_Lantern=Prelude of Lotus Lantern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akbar_Birbal=Akbar Birbal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_3:_The_Lost_Daughter=Palace 3: The Lost Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCORE_(Geo_TV)=SCORE (Geo TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_(TV_series)=Riot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_United=Warren United
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_(TV_series)=Dominion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plonk_(TV_series)=Plonk (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jang_Bo-ri_is_Here!=Jang Bo-ri is Here!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Classic_Cars=Chasing Classic Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorious_Day_(TV_series)=Glorious Day (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor_(Australian_game_show)=Fear Factor (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentration_(Australian_game_show)=Concentration (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Streak=Hot Streak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_(TV_series)=United (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beki_Boxer=Beki Boxer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_2_Carolinas=Las 2 Carolinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dumping_Ground_Survival_Files=The Dumping Ground Survival Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody,_Kimchi!=Everybody, Kimchi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedTalk=MedTalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News.PH=News.PH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_All_Surrounded=You're All Surrounded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_Lu_Zhen=Legend of Lu Zhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Chasing_Fish=The Legend of Chasing Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Janala_Mojay_Mojay_Shekha=BBC Janala Mojay Mojay Shekha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishaash=Bishaash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17th_Precinct=17th Precinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLB_Whiparound=MLB Whiparound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymphs_(Finnish_TV_series)=Nymphs (Finnish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pits_(TV_series)=The Pits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Halo-Halo=MTV Halo-Halo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Poppies=Short Poppies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_Gurus=The Garden Gurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Room_(Australian_TV_series)=The White Room (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Job_Snatchers=Invasion of the Job Snatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_in_Crime_(UK_TV_series)=Partners in Crime (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poldark_(2015_TV_series)=Poldark (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Louise_Log=The Louise Log
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wildlife_Docs=The Wildlife Docs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akatsuki_(TV_series)=Akatsuki (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Zoo=Our Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickensian_(TV_series)=Dickensian (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aapas_ki_Baat=Aapas ki Baat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeze_(TV_series)=Freeze (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Novel:_Eunhui=TV Novel: Eunhui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taboo_(BBC_TV_series)=Taboo (BBC TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo:_Makai_no_Hana=Garo: Makai no Hana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahani_Raima_Aur_Manahil_Ki=Kahani Raima Aur Manahil Ki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_jefe_infiltrado=El jefe infiltrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Works_(web_series)=Complete Works (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Eat_Dog_(Australian_game_show)=Dog Eat Dog (Australian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiz_Master=Quiz Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personality_Squares=Personality Squares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pot_of_Gold_(TV_series)=Pot of Gold (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pot_Luck_(TV_series)=Pot Luck (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_cuerpo_ajeno=En cuerpo ajeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_You_(TV_series)=Just You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Proino=To Proino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock,_Horror,_Aunty!=Shock, Horror, Aunty!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viral_(web_series)=Viral (web series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Been_Sleeping_in_My_House%3F=Who's Been Sleeping in My House?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sri_Lanka_with_Peter_Kuruvita=My Sri Lanka with Peter Kuruvita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Healthy,_Be_Happy=Life Healthy, Be Happy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feed_(TV_series)=The Feed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Birdy=Hello Birdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_A_Good_Way=In A Good Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Rose=Miss Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_De_Luca_(TV_series)=Inspector De Luca (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hieroglyph_(TV_series)=Hieroglyph (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Date=The Big Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_First_(TV_series)=Head First (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ia_Ia,_I_Do=Ia Ia, I Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volleyball_Lover=Volleyball Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Legends_of_Wrestling=WWE Legends of Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Debate_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Great Debate (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Rainbows_(TV_series)=Chasing Rainbows (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schitt's_Creek=Schitt's Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lottery_(TV_series)=The Lottery (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/15,000_Kids_and_Counting=15,000 Kids and Counting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_In_Love_With_Me_(TV_series)=Fall In Love With Me (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevil_(TV_series)=Daredevil (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Kill%3F=Born to Kill?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_secreto_(telenovela)=Amor secreto (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadbeat_(TV_series)=Deadbeat (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergeant_Preston_of_the_Yukon_(TV_series)=Sergeant Preston of the Yukon (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangxi_Travels=Kangxi Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicidade=Felicidade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch's_Romance=Witch's Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Show_with_Stephen_Colbert=Late Show with Stephen Colbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Show_(CBS_TV_series)=Late Show (CBS TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_It=Living It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Eel_Island=The Secret of Eel Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Literacy_Dramas=Emotional Literacy Dramas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deja_Vu_(TV_series)=Deja Vu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bam's_Bad_Ass_Game_Show=Bam's Bad Ass Game Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGAGS=OGAGS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Escapes_with_Warwick_Davis=Weekend Escapes with Warwick Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo_Frost:_Family_Matters=Jo Frost: Family Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_the_Teen_Princess=Sarah the Teen Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sospetti=Sospetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_amore_e_una_vendetta=Un amore e una vendetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Era_mio_fratello=Era mio fratello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanti_e_Segreti=Amanti e Segreti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azeroth_Choppers=Azeroth Choppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signed,_Sealed,_Delivered_(TV_series)=Signed, Sealed, Delivered (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_China_with_Nigel_Marven=Untamed China with Nigel Marven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roommate_(TV_series)=Roommate (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Kids_of_Beverly_Hills=Rich Kids of Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barriga_de_Aluguel=Barriga de Aluguel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bambina_dalle_mani_sporche=La bambina dalle mani sporche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody's_Gotta_Do_It=Somebody's Gotta Do It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Younger_(TV_series)=Younger (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybersix_(TV_series)=Cybersix (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Capusotto_y_sus_videos=Peter Capusotto y sus videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_cara_me_suena=Tu cara me suena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_(2014_TV_series)=Rush (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogan_Hunters=Bogan Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Entertain_You_(2014_TV_series)=Let Me Entertain You (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentoVetrine=CentoVetrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspects_(TV_series)=Suspects (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Britain's_Past=Saving Britain's Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_Source_(TV_programme)=Outside Source (TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motivos_personales=Motivos personales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roverville=Roverville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Church=It Takes a Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXS_TV_Fights=AXS TV Fights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Leaf_(TV_series)=A New Leaf (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Kitchen_with_Waitrose=Weekend Kitchen with Waitrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Astro=O Astro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA:_2014_Summer_Series=Bellator MMA: 2014 Summer Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Governor_(UK_TV_series)=The Governor (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Two=All About Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Factory_(TV_series)=Hero Factory (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPTV=JPTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment_TV_Show_(Dubai_One_Channel)=That's Entertainment TV Show (Dubai One Channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mets_Insider=Mets Insider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_the_Sea_Hawk=Adventures of the Sea Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half_Sisters=The Half Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Business_News=Global Business News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Were_(TV_series)=The Way We Were (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongdam-dong_111=Cheongdam-dong 111
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Kkang=Dr. Kkang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_of_the_Sun_(2008_TV_series)=Women of the Sun (2008 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Casual_Vacancy_(TV_series)=The Casual Vacancy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Exes=Atlanta Exes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket's_Island=Rocket's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Tori=True Tori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Madrastra_(2005_telenovela)=La Madrastra (2005 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Great_Big_Adventure=My Great Big Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satisfaction_(2014_TV_series)=Satisfaction (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Bits_(TV_series)=Best Bits (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Casino=Kitchen Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rishtay_Kuch_Adhooray_Se=Rishtay Kuch Adhooray Se
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Storm:_World_War_II_in_the_East=Soviet Storm: World War II in the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Detective=I, Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andando_nas_Nuvens=Andando nas Nuvens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throw_That_Boy_Pussy=Throw That Boy Pussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWF_All_American_Wrestling_(show)=WWF All American Wrestling (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sucessora_(telenovela)=A Sucessora (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_(TV_series)=Married (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Poland=Project Runway Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Love_of_Cars=For the Love of Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flor_do_Caribe=Flor do Caribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Amongst_War=Love Amongst War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_(TV_miniseries)=Prey (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_alma_herida=El alma herida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_Live!=Peter Pan Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Name_Game=Celebrity Name Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blunt_Talk=Blunt Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaly_Adventures=Scaly Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_Lane_(2006_film)=Brick Lane (2006 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joia_Rara=Joia Rara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messenger_of_Allah_(TV_series)=Messenger of Allah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Kris=Good Morning, Kris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_King_(Philippine_TV_series)=Baker King (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewrapped=Rewrapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Daley_Goes_Global=Tom Daley Goes Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_A_Champion_Will_Be_Crowned=The Ultimate Fighter: A Champion Will Be Crowned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trying_Again_(TV_series)=Trying Again (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deion's_Family_Playbook=Deion's Family Playbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_in_Fog=Flowers in Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning_Ser=Good Morning Ser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordel_Encantado=Cordel Encantado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KNC_Show=KNC Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Slam_City=WWE Slam City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silli_Lalli=Silli Lalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerds_and_Monsters=Nerds and Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volver_a_amar=Volver a amar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_is_Back=Superman is Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Five_Wives=My Five Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meredith_Vieira_Show=The Meredith Vieira Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filthy_Riches_(TV_series)=Filthy Riches (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Club_(TV_series)=Escape Club (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Sui_and_Tang_Dynasties_1_&_2=Heroes of Sui and Tang Dynasties 1 & 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Affairs_(TV_series)=State of Affairs (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_the_Elephant=Ella the Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Room:_Life_+_Death_at_VGH=Emergency Room: Life + Death at VGH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_Night=Theatre Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Sui_and_Tang_Dynasties_3_&_4=Heroes of Sui and Tang Dynasties 3 & 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wanna_Marry_%22Harry%22=I Wanna Marry "Harry"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_Grandpa_Investigation_Unit=Flower Grandpa Investigation Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Inspectors=Food Inspectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdland,_A_History_of_Jazz=Birdland, A History of Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_My_Fair_Princess=New My Fair Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basta_Every_Day,_Happy!=Basta Every Day, Happy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Carter_(TV_series)=Agent Carter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.C._Undercover=K.C. Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Love_Comes_to_Town_(TV_series)=When Love Comes to Town (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charlotte_Crosby_Experience=The Charlotte Crosby Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_&_Violence_(TV_series)=Sex & Violence (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballers=Ballers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Jesus_(TV_series)=Black Jesus (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_escenario_para_amar=Un escenario para amar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightly_Show_with_Larry_Wilmore=The Nightly Show with Larry Wilmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSI:_Cyber=CSI: Cyber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway_Vietnam=Project Runway Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana_Bukas_pa_ang_Kahapon=Sana Bukas pa ang Kahapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Thy_Neighbor=Fear Thy Neighbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Band_Society=Red Band Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Link_(game_show)=The Link (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpion_(TV_series)=Scorpion (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristela=Cristela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selfie_(TV_series)=Selfie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Marvel_Cinematic_Universe_television_series=List of Marvel Cinematic Universe television series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drag_Queens_of_London=Drag Queens of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liam's_Story=Liam's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_&_Eric's_Bedtime_Stories=Tim & Eric's Bedtime Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marry_Me_(U.S._TV_series)=Marry Me (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Judge=Bad Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Chives_and_Soy_Bean_Soup:_12_Years_Reunion=Wild Chives and Soy Bean Soup: 12 Years Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(2015_TV_series)=Empire (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggy_Tales=Piggy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loca_piel=Loca piel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Get_Away_with_Murder=How to Get Away with Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_(TV_series)=Constantine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Okay,_That's_Love=It's Okay, That's Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Crime_(TV_series)=American Crime (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messengers_(TV_series)=The Messengers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rechov_SumSum=Rechov SumSum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black-ish=Black-ish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_Secretary_(TV_series)=Madam Secretary (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawak_Kamay_(TV_series)=Hawak Kamay (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IZombie_(TV_series)=IZombie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Kids_(Greek_TV_series)=The Voice Kids (Greek TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_malquerida_(telenovela)=La malquerida (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Couple_(2015_TV_series)=The Odd Couple (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galavant=Galavant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Love_Story=Manhattan Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whispers_(TV_series)=The Whispers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulaney=Mulaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kitchen_(TV_series)=The Kitchen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoo-na's_Street=Yoo-na's Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Ancient_Ireland=In Search of Ancient Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Off_the_Boat=Fresh Off the Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BET_Awards_2014=BET Awards 2014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_the_Virgin=Jane the Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McCarthys=The McCarthys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(U.S._TV_series)=Forever (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynotes_(Australian_TV_series)=Keynotes (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oryol_i_Reshka=Oryol i Reshka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalker_(TV_series)=Stalker (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Latin_America=The Ultimate Fighter: Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_African_City=An African City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Love_(TV_series)=Only Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Adventure_with_Nigel_Marven=Whale Adventure with Nigel Marven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday's_Dreams_(TV_series)=Yesterday's Dreams (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_invasioni_barbariche=Le invasioni barbariche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirivom_Santhippom_(serial)=Pirivom Santhippom (serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Le_Floch_(TV_series)=Nicolas Le Floch (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbie_and_the_Disasternauts=Newbie and the Disasternauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escrito_nas_Estrelas=Escrito nas Estrelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechKnow=TechKnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_(Al_Jazeera_America)=News (Al Jazeera America)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_abras_la_puerta=No abras la puerta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipe_Libre=Chipe Libre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleta_del_sol=Caleta del sol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_a_Killer=Code of a Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Circle_Quest_(season_2)=Star Circle Quest (season 2)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Laura=The Mysteries of Laura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedians_(2015_TV_series)=The Comedians (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baawre=Baawre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovemilla=Lovemilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_with_Bear_Grylls=The Island with Bear Grylls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(Al_Jazeera_TV_series)=Empire (Al Jazeera TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win,_Lose_or_Draw_(2014_game_show)=Win, Lose or Draw (2014 game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jenny_McCarthy_Show_(1997)=The Jenny McCarthy Show (1997)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Shore:_Ekipa_z_Warszawy=Warsaw Shore: Ekipa z Warszawy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebound_(2011_TV_series)=Rebound (2011 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fated_to_Love_You_(2014_TV_series)=Fated to Love You (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_BFF_(TV_series)=My BFF (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agila_Probinsya=Agila Probinsya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_OD=TV OD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_Seo_Dong=Ballad of Seo Dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousand_Years_of_Love=Thousand Years of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXO's_Showtime=EXO's Showtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurosong_-_A_MAD_Show=Eurosong - A MAD Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Tiny_Terror=My Tiny Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Star_King=King Star King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damayan=Damayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Love_(2014_TV_series)=Endless Love (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Aashiqui_Tum_Se_Hi=Meri Aashiqui Tum Se Hi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Secrets_&_Legends=Hotel Secrets & Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balitaan=Balitaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Contra_Los_Clones=Santo Contra Los Clones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Nossos_Dias=Os Nossos Dias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velvet_(TV_series)=Velvet (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipaglaban_Mo!=Ipaglaban Mo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_of_London=Ladies of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_From_Hell=House From Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghaz-e-safar=Aghaz-e-safar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_the_Boys_(Philippine_TV_series)=One of the Boys (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_at_Your_Feet_(Singapore_TV_series)=World at Your Feet (Singapore TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_The_Tide=Against The Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Brooklyn=Taxi Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbisyo_All_Access=Serbisyo All Access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie_&_Jimmy's_Friday_Night_Feast=Jamie & Jimmy's Friday Night Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heute-show=Heute-show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raggs=Raggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8_Out_of_10_Cats_Does_Countdown=8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmine_(TV_series)=Jasmine (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QI_(Dutch_version)=QI (Dutch version)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaklak_Mish_Ghareeb=Shaklak Mish Ghareeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QI_(Czech_TV_series)=QI (Czech TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltibum=Saltibum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diese_Kaminskis=Diese Kaminskis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Mothers_(TV_series)=Two Mothers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideyoshi_(Taiga_drama)=Hideyoshi (Taiga drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokugawa_Ieyasu_(Taiga_drama)=Tokugawa Ieyasu (Taiga drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Women_and_Art=The Story of Women and Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yudh_(TV_series)=Yudh (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foo_Fighters:_Sonic_Highways=Foo Fighters: Sonic Highways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dear_Cat=My Dear Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Tales_(series)=Twisted Tales (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Life_of_(2013_TV_programme)=Secret Life of (2013 TV programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windeck_(telenovela)=Windeck (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barely_Legal_Drivers=Barely Legal Drivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trot_Lovers=Trot Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Love_(TV_series)=Pure Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Legend=Her Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romapuri_Pandian=Romapuri Pandian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darknet_(series)=Darknet (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divas_Hit_the_Road=Divas Hit the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dog_Rescuers=The Dog Rescuers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Star_(TV_series)=Rising Star (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Filhos_do_Rock=Os Filhos do Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savitri_(TV_series)=Savitri (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinais_de_Vida=Sinais de Vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maternidade=Maternidade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuva_de_Maio=Chuva de Maio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy's_Grocery_Games=Guy's Grocery Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_School_King_of_Savvy=High School King of Savvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_(TV_series)=Triple (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Destiny_(TV_series)=My Destiny (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bem-Vindos_a_Beirais=Bem-Vindos a Beirais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaddAddam_(TV_series)=MaddAddam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_in_12=Famous in 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dading_(TV_series)=Dading (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austria's_Next_Topmodel_(cycle_6)=Austria's Next Topmodel (cycle 6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Loving_You_Is_Wrong_(TV_series)=If Loving You Is Wrong (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikhra_Mera_Naseeb=Bikhra Mera Naseeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyger_Takes_On...=Tyger Takes On...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Two_Minds=In Two Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_7D=The 7D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugby_Pack=Rugby Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_America=NASCAR America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismol_Family=Ismol Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domenica_in=Domenica in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Throttle_Girl=Full Throttle Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_To_Rio=Road To Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchline_(TV_show)=Touchline (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quizz_or_Buzz=Quizz or Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad_is_Back=Dad is Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untying_the_Knot=Untying the Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_End_of_Time_(telenovela)=Until the End of Time (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camino_al_amor=Camino al amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recipe_Rehab=Recipe Rehab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aahista_Aahista=Aahista Aahista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laa_(TV_serial)=Laa (TV serial)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Experiences_of_Scientist_Nunes_&_Robot_Robino=The Experiences of Scientist Nunes & Robot Robino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wars_of_Bribery=Wars of Bribery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anupam_Kher_Show_-_Kucch_Bhi_Ho_Sakta_Hai=The Anupam Kher Show - Kucch Bhi Ho Sakta Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_of_Endearment=Moments of Endearment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thug_Notes=Thug Notes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badi_Door_Se_Aaye_Hai=Badi Door Se Aaye Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_of_the_Shop=Back of the Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margo_the_Mouse=Margo the Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suhani_Si_Ek_Ladki=Suhani Si Ek Ladki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larva_(TV_series)=Larva (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Asian_American_and...=I'm Asian American and...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Giant=The Small Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Wong_Fei_Hung=The Return of Wong Fei Hung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Care,_Your_Highness!=Take Care, Your Highness!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temptation_(2014_TV_series)=Temptation (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(2014_TV_series)=The Three Musketeers (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyster=Boyster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ManSpace_(TV_series)=ManSpace (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Kids_(Australian_TV_series)=The Voice Kids (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisterhood_of_Hip_Hop=Sisterhood of Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coppertop_Flop_Show=The Coppertop Flop Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage,_Not_Dating=Marriage, Not Dating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Watchman's_Journal=The Night Watchman's Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato_Star_2013QR3=Potato Star 2013QR3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Robots_in_Disguise_(2015_TV_series)=Transformers: Robots in Disguise (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Finds_Food=Man Finds Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shastri_Sisters=Shastri Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Football_(NRL)=Friday Night Football (NRL)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Davies:_As_Yet_Untitled=Alan Davies: As Yet Untitled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Ends_of_the_Earth_(TV_series)=To the Ends of the Earth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Television_Babysitter=Your Television Babysitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(1954_TV_series)=Home (1954 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunman_in_Joseon=Gunman in Joseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Football's_On=The Football's On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Sport:_Super_Saturday=A Question of Sport: Super Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbirds_Are_Go!=Thunderbirds Are Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough's_Natural_History_Museum_Alive=David Attenborough's Natural History Museum Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodia's_Next_Top_Model=Cambodia's Next Top Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_a_Wish_(2014_TV_series)=Make a Wish (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_Dawn=Eyes of Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front_Page_(TV_series)=The Front Page (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol-Myers_Tele-Varieties=Bristol-Myers Tele-Varieties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Islam_(TV_show)=Understanding Islam (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marian_(variety_show)=Marian (variety show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily's_Driftwood_Bay=Lily's Driftwood Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Petits_Meurtres_d'Agatha_Christie=Les Petits Meurtres d'Agatha Christie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Royal=Almost Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Returned_(U.S._TV_series)=The Returned (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor_in_Paradise_(TV_series)=Bachelor in Paradise (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_Nine_Boys=Plus Nine Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educating_Joey_Essex=Educating Joey Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Age_Giants=Ice Age Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_City_Masters=Motor City Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masakali_(TV_series)=Masakali (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkpoint_(Dutch_TV_show)=Checkpoint (Dutch TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstoppable_Marriage_(TV_series)=Unstoppable Marriage (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khar_Bii=Khar Bii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Secrets_&_Legends=Church Secrets & Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_(TV_series)=Celebrity (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Mom_(TV_series)=Working Mom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilya_Ghari_Tu_Sukhi_Raha=Dilya Ghari Tu Sukhi Raha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Kinaare_Doghi_Apan=Don Kinaare Doghi Apan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiotest=Idiotest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Kitchen_Italia=Hell's Kitchen Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yokai_King=The Yokai King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dummy_Mommy=Dummy Mommy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_(TV_series)=Manhattan (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaqtin'_a_Fool=Shaqtin' a Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Do_(Philippine_reality_show)=I Do (Philippine reality show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_Tudo_(telenovela)=Vale Tudo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satria_Garuda_BIMA-X=Satria Garuda BIMA-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muslim_Jesus=The Muslim Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Keke=Just Keke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_Fran=Living with Fran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Como_dice_el_dicho=Como dice el dicho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_&_Other_Turkeys_with_Nigel_Marven=My Family & Other Turkeys with Nigel Marven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacek_i_Agatka=Jacek i Agatka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Girls=Mystery Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_Nation=Z Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellamy's_Backyard_Safari=Bellamy's Backyard Safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorsport_Ireland=Motorsport Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Up_(2008_film)=Get Up (2008 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Battleground_Phoenix=Biker Battleground Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fennec_(TV_series)=Fennec (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisah_9_Wali=Kisah 9 Wali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Love_By_My_Side=My Love By My Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Danger=Henry Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner_Boys:_Guardians_of_the_Lost_Secrets=Skinner Boys: Guardians of the Lost Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recruit_(TV_series)=The Recruit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Hotline=Love Hotline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supply_&_Demand_(TV_series)=Supply & Demand (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reset_(TV_series)=Reset (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_no_creo_en_los_hombres_(2014_telenovela)=Yo no creo en los hombres (2014 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_Waiting_for_Godot=While Waiting for Godot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_(TV_series)=Zoo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo_no_creo_en_los_hombres=Yo no creo en los hombres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinne_(Australian_TV_series)=Kinne (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dysfunctional_Family=My Dysfunctional Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Austin's_Broken_Skull_Challenge=Steve Austin's Broken Skull Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_robada_(1991_telenovela)=Vida robada (1991 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltea_pa'_que_te_enamores_(American_telenovela)=Voltea pa' que te enamores (American telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Eye_(TV_series)=Magic Eye (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantabile_Tomorrow=Cantabile Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tu_Mere_Agal_Bagal_Hai=Tu Mere Agal Bagal Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarius_(U.S._TV_series)=Aquarius (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAM_TFO=JAM TFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noite_com_Danilo_Gentili=The Noite com Danilo Gentili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Six_to_Ten=From Six to Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panta_n'_antamonoume=Panta n' antamonoume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000_Heartbeats=1000 Heartbeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeeto_Pakistan=Jeeto Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadenas_de_amargura=Cadenas de amargura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Protectors=Pocket Protectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamai_Raja_(TV_series)=Jamai Raja (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vary_Peri=Vary Peri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_the_Worst=You're the Worst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_notte_della_Repubblica=La notte della Repubblica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_Wrapped_(game_show)=Gift Wrapped (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawnography=Pawnography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Clarke's_Amazing_Spaces=George Clarke's Amazing Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leah_Remini:_It's_All_Relative=Leah Remini: It's All Relative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spouse_for_House=Spouse for House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Night_Football_(AFL)=Sunday Night Football (AFL)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspektor_Maska=Inspektor Maska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Beautiful_(2015_TV_series)=Life Is Beautiful (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_There_a_Vet_in_the_House%3F=Is There a Vet in the House?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ini_Talkshow=Ini Talkshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_With_John_Walsh=The Hunt With John Walsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Twist=Mind Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Speakmans=The Speakmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilization:_Is_the_West_History%3F=Civilization: Is the West History?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pip_Ahoy!=Pip Ahoy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_story=Super story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA:_Season_Eleven=Bellator MMA: Season Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Noko_Mashaba=The Adventures of Noko Mashaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gidi_Up=Gidi Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongdam-dong_Scandal=Cheongdam-dong Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Ride_(TV_series)=American Ride (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_from_Tomorrowland=Miles from Tomorrowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uyirmei=Uyirmei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_to_Cosplay=Call to Cosplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chiripitiflauticos=The Chiripitiflauticos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para_Pencari_Tuhan=Para Pencari Tuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoking_Gun_(TV_series)=Smoking Gun (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melody_(TV_series)=Melody (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Rangers_Dino_Charge=Power Rangers Dino Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Spring_Days=My Spring Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_of_Love=Discovery of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_feeds=Comedy feeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenda_(Sky_News_Australia)=Agenda (Sky News Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yagit_(2014_TV_series)=Yagit (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yagit=Yagit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Gardener=Global Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sonrisa_del_Diablo=La sonrisa del Diablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsFix=NewsFix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/React_to_That=React to That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framed_(TV_series)=Framed (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_amor_tiene_cara_de_mujer_(Mexican_telenovela)=El amor tiene cara de mujer (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutierritos=Gutierritos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_paso_al_abismo=Un paso al abismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tony_Danza_Show_(1997_TV_series)=The Tony Danza Show (1997 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westworld_(TV_series)=Westworld (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Pickles=Mr. Pickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaan_(2014_TV_series)=Udaan (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_(2014_TV_series)=Mama (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Fanaah=MTV Fanaah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thick_as_Thieves_(TV_series)=Thick as Thieves (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duchess_and_the_Devil=The Duchess and the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_filo_de_la_muerte=Al filo de la muerte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Championship_Snooker=Championship Snooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Performance=Centennial Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Million_Dollar_Listing_Miami=Million Dollar Listing Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funniest_Wins=Funniest Wins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off:_An_Extra_Slice=The Great British Bake Off: An Extra Slice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarajing_Potpot=Tarajing Potpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_British_Bake_Off_(series_5)=The Great British Bake Off (series 5)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Please!:_Bawal_ang_Maingay=Quiet Please!: Bawal ang Maingay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_y_Maximiliano=Valeria y Maximiliano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milagro_y_magia=Milagro y magia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yok_Siam=Yok Siam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Wrestling_Connection=West Coast Wrestling Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_(2002_film)=Mutiny (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amar_fue_su_pecado_(telenovela)=Amar fue su pecado (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retribution_(2002_film)=Retribution (2002 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_ambiciosa_(telenovela)=La ambiciosa (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartas_de_amor_(telenovela)=Cartas de amor (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_casa_del_odio=La casa del odio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudia_(telenovela)=Claudia (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donde_comienza_la_tristeza=Donde comienza la tristeza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_caras_tiene_el_destino=Dos caras tiene el destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espejo_de_sombras=Espejo de sombras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_hombre_de_oro=El hombre de oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_juicio_de_los_padres=El juicio de los padres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_amor_frente_al_pasado=Mi amor frente al pasado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murallas_blancas=Murallas blancas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_otro_(telenovela)=El otro (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_School_Club=After School Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecado_mortal_(1960_telenovela)=Pecado mortal (1960 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_rostro_en_el_pasado=Un rostro en el pasado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_rapto=El rapto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secretaria_o_mujer=Secretaria o mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_por_vida_(Mexican_telenovela)=Vida por vida (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Secret_Hotel=My Secret Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_turno_con_la_angustia=De turno con la angustia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Growing_Pains_of_Adrian_Mole_(TV_series)=The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventuras_de_Huck=Aventuras de Huck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadenas_de_angustia=Cadenas de angustia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_ciego=El ciego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concierto_de_almas=Concierto de almas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_amor_por_ti=Mi amor por ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_creo_en_los_hombres=No creo en los hombres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_(1969_telenovela)=Rosario (1969 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CeeLo_Green's_The_Good_Life=CeeLo Green's The Good Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadenas_de_amor=Cadenas de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_(telenovela)=Elisa (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_esposa_se_divorcia=Mi esposa se divorcia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_precio_del_cielo=El precio del cielo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teresa_(1959_telenovela)=Teresa (1959 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalty_(film)=Loyalty (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encadenados_(1969_telenovela)=Encadenados (1969 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_ojo_de_vidrio_(telenovela)=El ojo de vidrio (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secreto_para_tres=Secreto para tres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_Nic=Chef Nic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_plegaria_en_el_camino=Una plegaria en el camino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_familia=La familia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duty_(film)=Duty (film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_Naked=Dating Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Chivo=El Chivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_altar_a_la_tumba=Del altar a la tumba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_frontera_de_cristal_(telenovela)=La frontera de cristal (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_palabras=Sin palabras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_la_tierra_a_la_luna=De la tierra a la luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_usurero=El usurero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_y_orgullo=Honor y orgullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_de_amor=Puente de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_que_no_fue=Lo que no fue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_vidas_distintas=Tres vidas distintas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Silence=School of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_Romance=Line Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Deep_with_David_Rees=Going Deep with David Rees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Fair_Princess_III=My Fair Princess III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richo_+_Jones=Richo + Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Cool,_Scooby-Doo!=Be Cool, Scooby-Doo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_of_My_Lifetime=Holiday of My Lifetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicky,_Ricky,_Dicky_&_Dawn=Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtually_Famous=Virtually Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplemente_vivir=Simplemente vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_sin_esperanza=Pueblo sin esperanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_padre_Guernica=El padre Guernica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujeres_sin_amor=Mujeres sin amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_maestro=Mi maestro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_(1968_telenovela)=Mariana (1968 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juventud_divino_tesoro=Juventud divino tesoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intriga=Intriga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_inconformes=Los inconformes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_grito_en_la_oscuridad=Un grito en la oscuridad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estafa_de_amor_(1968_telenovela)=Estafa de amor (1968 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duelo_de_pasiones_(1968_telenovela)=Duelo de pasiones (1968 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destino_la_gloria=Destino la gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynthia_(telenovela)=Cynthia (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruz_de_amor=Cruz de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chucho_el_roto=Chucho el roto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Caudillos=Los Caudillos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelia_(telenovela)=Aurelia (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabbit_(TV_series)=Wabbit (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dig_(TV_series)=Dig (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriana_(telenovela)=Adriana (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_en_el_desierto=Amor en el desierto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Tyson_Mysteries=Mike Tyson Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_sublime=Amor sublime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angustia_del_pasado=Angustia del pasado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_de_Montemar=Anita de Montemar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scary_Scooby_Funnies=The Scary Scooby Funnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atormentada=Atormentada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_casa_de_las_fieras=La casa de las fieras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_color_para_tu_piel=Un color para tu piel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_cuarto_mandamiento=El cuarto mandamiento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANZAC_Girls=ANZAC Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_(Australian_TV_series)=Utopia (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadline_Gallipoli=Deadline Gallipoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singer_Takes_It_All=The Singer Takes It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deborah_(telenovela)=Deborah (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_at_Second_Sight=Love at Second Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_(2014_TV_series)=The Quest (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atrapada=Atrapada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cinema_Snob=The Cinema Snob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marae_(TV_series)=Marae (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meelo_Evaru_Koteeswarudu=Meelo Evaru Koteeswarudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakthi_(TV_series)=Sakthi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Coast_Cops=Gold Coast Cops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binny_and_the_Ghost=Binny and the Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_It,_Cook_It=Win It, Cook It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_&_Emily=Walter & Emily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_a_Joke_(1972_TV_series)=Beyond a Joke (1972 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_a_Joke_(2009_TV_series)=Beyond a Joke (2009 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Guide_to_Parenting=Extreme Guide to Parenting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opposing_Views_(TV_series)=Opposing Views (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Wild_with_Bear_Grylls=Running Wild with Bear Grylls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisha_Aur_Uske_Cousins=Nisha Aur Uske Cousins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_magnate=El magnate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_ley_del_silencio=La ley del silencio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomorrah_(TV_series)=Gomorrah (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_todo=Vale todo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cara_o_cruz=Cara o cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadena_braga=Cadena braga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_America_with_Sarah_Palin=Amazing America with Sarah Palin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_muero_por_ti=Me muero por ti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aguamarina=Aguamarina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_destinos=Tres destinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Abercorn=Camp Abercorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchacha_italiana_viene_a_casarse_(2014_telenovela)=Muchacha italiana viene a casarse (2014 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapampangan_News=Kapampangan News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BedHead=BedHead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfunkel_and_Oates_(TV_series)=Garfunkel and Oates (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_juicio_de_nuestros_hijos=El juicio de nuestros hijos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Beaux_Dimanches=Les Beaux Dimanches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrakant_Chiplunkar_Seedi_Bambawala=Chandrakant Chiplunkar Seedi Bambawala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lovely_Girl=My Lovely Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healer_(TV_series)=Healer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_Cambodia=The Voice Cambodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_21st_Question=The 21st Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chef's_Life=A Chef's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmond_&_Darling:_The_Debate=Salmond & Darling: The Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_pocas,_pocas_pulgas=De pocas, pocas pulgas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_in_Action_(TV_series)=Art in Action (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meltdown_with_Jonah_and_Kumail=The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_to_Remember=Music to Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Loser:_Glory_Days=The Biggest Loser: Glory Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_the_Past_(telenovela)=Shadows of the Past (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco_Shore=Acapulco Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiram_na_Alaala=Hiram na Alaala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanakht=Shanakht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_You_Shouldn't_Say_Past_Midnight_(TV_series)=Things You Shouldn't Say Past Midnight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_To_Win_It:_Singapore=Minute To Win It: Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_World_War_(TV_series)=Our World War (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequestered_(TV_series)=Sequestered (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slap_(U.S._TV_series)=The Slap (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_a_Hero=Show Me a Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Puso_ni_Dok=Sa Puso ni Dok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dapper_Laughs:_On_the_Pull=Dapper Laughs: On the Pull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasantly_Surprised_(TV_series)=Pleasantly Surprised (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_in_Your_Eye=Apple in Your Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feather_and_Father_Gang=The Feather and Father Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_With_This_Family=What's With This Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Wayne=Welcome to the Wayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equals_Three_(show)=Equals Three (show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_los_hijos_se_van_(telenovela)=Cuando los hijos se van (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andros_Targets=The Andros Targets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_May's_Cars_of_the_People=James May's Cars of the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idle_Mermaid=The Idle Mermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_(miniseries)=Crime (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_By_Chance=Love By Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_band_project=The band project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inquisitio=Inquisitio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Trepadora_(telenovela)=La Trepadora (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popcorn_(TV_series)=Popcorn (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India's_Raw_Star=India's Raw Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_and_Loud=4th and Loud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beat_the_Chefs=Beat the Chefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_(U.S._reality_TV_series)=Utopia (U.S. reality TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice_(1976_TV_series)=The Practice (1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabel_(animated_series)=Anabel (animated series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Next_for_Sarah%3F=What's Next for Sarah?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaisi_Yeh_Yaariyan=Kaisi Yeh Yaariyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_on_Down!_The_Game_Show_Story=Come on Down! The Game Show Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sombra_de_Piera=La sombra de Piera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Rinder=Judge Rinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Eat=Let's Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kallikaks=The Kallikaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysteria_(TV_series)=Hysteria (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jab_We_Wed=Jab We Wed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sorghum_(TV_series)=Red Sorghum (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mere_Humdum_Mere_Dost=Mere Humdum Mere Dost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siblings_(TV_series)=Siblings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinn_Martin's_Tales_of_the_Unexpected=Quinn Martin's Tales of the Unexpected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero4_(TV_series)=Zero4 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_(puppetry)=Sherlock Holmes (puppetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XOXO_EXO=XOXO EXO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loves_Me,_Loves_Me_Not_(TV_series)=Loves Me, Loves Me Not (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astroblast_(TV_series)=Astroblast (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Doing_the_Dishes%3F=Who's Doing the Dishes?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footy_Flashbacks=Footy Flashbacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligia_Elena=Ligia Elena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Hip_Hop:_Hollywood=Love & Hip Hop: Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibbsville_(TV_series)=Gibbsville (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jack_LaLanne_Show=The Jack LaLanne Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Empire=Strange Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Selects=CBC Selects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_West=The Real West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Sexy_Back=Bringing Sexy Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viudas_e_hijos_del_Rock_and_Roll=Viudas e hijos del Rock and Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Secrets_(TV_series)=Little Secrets (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant_Startup_(TV_series)=Restaurant Startup (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulce_amor_(Colombian_telenovela)=Dulce amor (Colombian telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trunk_Train=Trunk Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunnan_Adventure_with_Nigel_Marven=Yunnan Adventure with Nigel Marven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Gata_(1970_telenovela)=La Gata (1970 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BoJack_Horseman=BoJack Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Dance_Now_(Dutch_TV_series)=Everybody Dance Now (Dutch TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_(U.S._1977_TV_series)=Hunter (U.S. 1977 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nenju_Porukkuthillaiye=Nenju Porukkuthillaiye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_William_(TV_series)=Prince William (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go,_Single_Lady=Go, Single Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bella_Ceci_y_el_imprudente=La bella Ceci y el imprudente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamen_Rider_Drive=Kamen Rider Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermodel_po-ukrainski=Supermodel po-ukrainski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge:_Battle_of_the_Exes_II=The Challenge: Battle of the Exes II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_Candy_(TV_series)=Eye Candy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Box=Sex Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Man=Blade Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainan_Adventure_with_Nigel_Marven=Hainan Adventure with Nigel Marven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Decides:_Salmond_versus_Darling=Scotland Decides: Salmond versus Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_San_Pedro_Beach_Bums=The San Pedro Beach Bums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medcezir=Medcezir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_(TV_series)=Another Day (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para_Handy_-_Master_Mariner=Para Handy - Master Mariner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affair_(TV_series)=The Affair (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_and_Frankie=Grace and Frankie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_y_Ella_(TV_series)=El y Ella (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesian_Idol_Junior=Indonesian Idol Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumble_Leaf=Tumble Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_of_God_(TV_series)=Hand of God (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_300_Days=Happy 300 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Lane=Strawberry Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single-minded_Dandelion=Single-minded Dandelion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Summit=Non-Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Underground_with_Dave_Attell=Comedy Underground with Dave Attell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarStruck_(season_6)=StarStruck (season 6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Heights_(drama)=Jackson Heights (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piya_Basanti_Re=Piya Basanti Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein,_MD=Frankenstein, MD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Decides:_The_Big,_Big_Debate=Scotland Decides: The Big, Big Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Aliens=In Search of Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierra_de_reyes=Tierra de reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Bench=Hot Bench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Territory_(TV_series)=Virgin Territory (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Valdez=Viva Valdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cement_Heads=Cement Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dumplings_(TV_series)=The Dumplings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_of_Flower=The Journey of Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAW_Patrol=PAW Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Internet_Age=The Internet Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Rishta_Aisa_Bhi=Ek Rishta Aisa Bhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educating_the_East_End=Educating the East End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_miserables_(Mexican_telenovela)=Los miserables (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakia_(TV_series)=Nakia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Buckets=Kirby Buckets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Just_Do_Nothing=People Just Do Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goalmouth_(TV_series)=Goalmouth (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_Again_Yes_I_Do=Say Again Yes I Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_After_Party=The Voice After Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firaaq_(TV_series)=Firaaq (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_I_Love_You_(TV_series)=Say I Love You (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Baatien_With_Raveena=Simply Baatien With Raveena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_(TV_series)=Kitchen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Land_(TV_series)=The New Land (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Italy=MasterChef Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinocchio_(2014_TV_series)=Pinocchio (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Kingdom_(TV-series)=The Last Kingdom (TV-series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esse_Artista_Sou_Eu=Esse Artista Sou Eu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jills_veranda=Jills veranda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woh_Dobara=Woh Dobara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Late_Show_with_James_Corden=The Late Late Show with James Corden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenderas=Trenderas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aharoni_&_Gidi's_Wonderful_Journey=Aharoni & Gidi's Wonderful Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Driver_(TV_series)=Taxi Driver (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_2_Dance=Dare 2 Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humsafars=Humsafars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neeli_Chatri_Waale=Neeli Chatri Waale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undercover_Boss_Israel=Undercover Boss Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Lihim_ni_Annasandra=Ang Lihim ni Annasandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandhan_(Indian_TV_series)=Bandhan (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khushiyon_Kii_Gullak_Aashi=Khushiyon Kii Gullak Aashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nenjathai_Killadhe_(TV_series)=Nenjathai Killadhe (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Marriage=The Greatest Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers_(puppetry)=The Three Musketeers (puppetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_It_in_the_Family_(UK_game_show)=Keep It in the Family (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_to_Win_It_(U.S._game_show)=Minute to Win It (U.S. game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secreto_a_voces=Secreto a voces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_(1973_TV_series)=Love Story (1973 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jazeera_Investigates=Al Jazeera Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abismos_de_amor=Abismos de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajo_la_sombra_de_los_almendros=Bajo la sombra de los almendros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Grace=A Touch of Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilustrado_(TV_series)=Ilustrado (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_(U.S._1976_TV_series)=Sara (U.S. 1976 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonite_with_HSY=Tonite with HSY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glue_(TV_series)=Glue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_and_the_Bulldogs=Bella and the Bulldogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honar_Sun_Me_Hya_Gharchi=Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONDAR_Show=ONDAR Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamari_Sister_Didi=Hamari Sister Didi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mausam_(TV_series)=Mausam (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamaar_Sautan_Hamaar_Saheli=Hamaar Sautan Hamaar Saheli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toot_&_Puddle_(TV_series)=Toot & Puddle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jon_Richardson_Grows_Up=Jon Richardson Grows Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badults_(TV_series)=Badults (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Force_(TV_series)=The Silent Force (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucha_Underground=Lucha Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben's_Menu=Ben's Menu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Racers=Space Racers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warped_Roadies=Warped Roadies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightlife_(TV_series)=Nightlife (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_(Brazil_TV_series)=MasterChef (Brazil TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogie_Oogie=Boogie Oogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstar_(Brazil_TV_series)=Superstar (Brazil TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Crashers=Bath Crashers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yard_Crashers=Yard Crashers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massan=Massan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Light_(TV_series)=Blue Light (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Yorkshire_Buses=On the Yorkshire Buses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contrarians=The Contrarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_on_OUT=From Here on OUT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Menu=On the Menu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh!_Those_Bells=Oh! Those Bells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadragol=Bhadragol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keneally_and_Cameron=Keneally and Cameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Wishes_(Singapore_drama)=Three Wishes (Singapore drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Star_Indonesia=Rising Star Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Tour=College Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_of_the_Sylvanian_Families=Stories of the Sylvanian Families
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asphalt_Jungle_(TV_series)=The Asphalt Jungle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thursday_Night_Sport_Show=The Thursday Night Sport Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixelface=Pixelface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fix_&_Foxi_and_Friends=Fix & Foxi and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SellOut=SellOut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Furchester_Hotel=The Furchester Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Food_Championships_(TV_series)=World Food Championships (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Lose_the_Money=Don't Lose the Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Maloney=Bunny Maloney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Squad_(TV_series)=Odd Squad (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Housewives_of_Cheshire=The Real Housewives of Cheshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mambo_y_canela=Mambo y canela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_with_Ramesh=Weekend with Ramesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Company_(TV_series)=Good Company (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajeeb_Daastaan_Hai_Ye=Ajeeb Daastaan Hai Ye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_To_The_Floor_(TV_series)=Four To The Floor (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Game_(TV_series)=Love Game (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNL_Vintage=SNL Vintage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigas_&_Rivais=Amigas & Rivais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Face=The King's Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Shadows_(TV_series)=Chasing Shadows (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundless_TV=Boundless TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_the_Enemy_(TV_series)=Living with the Enemy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hail_King_Julien=All Hail King Julien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misaeng_(TV_series)=Misaeng (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utisak_nedelje=Utisak nedelje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodina_(TV_series)=Rodina (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Divas=Hollywood Divas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trews_(Russell_Brand)=The Trews (Russell Brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recht_op_Recht=Recht op Recht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benidorm_(Belgian_TV_series)=Benidorm (Belgian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happyland_(TV_series)=Happyland (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asambhav_(Marathi_TV_series)=Asambhav (Marathi TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Asylum=Ghost Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Val_De_La_O_Show=Val De La O Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_am_a_Man_(talk_show)=I am a Man (talk show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_of_Love_(TV_series)=Seasons of Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Ink=Epic Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Matters_with_Sue_Lawley=Saturday Matters with Sue Lawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Life_with_Lisa_Ling=This is Life with Lisa Ling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darndale:_The_Edge_of_Town=Darndale: The Edge of Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor's_Remorse=Survivor's Remorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_(2014_TV_series)=Kingdom (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Wives_(Philippine_TV_series)=Two Wives (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Vet=Aloha Vet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elemento=Elemento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_Game_(2014_TV_series)=Liar Game (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ojciec_Mateusz=Ojciec Mateusz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LUX_Channel_I_Superstar=LUX Channel I Superstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impastor=Impastor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line_(game_show)=The Line (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakravartin_Ashoka_Samrat=Chakravartin Ashoka Samrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Farmer_(TV_series)=Modern Farmer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informer_(TV_series)=The Informer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Mums_with_Jennifer_Ellison=Dance Mums with Jennifer Ellison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evermoor=Evermoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_Plane=The Game Plane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(Thai_TV_series)=The Face (Thai TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Choice_of_Coward=A Choice of Coward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carbonaro_Effect=The Carbonaro Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Television_Theatre=Broadway Television Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosy_Lovers=Rosy Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmeralda_(Brazilian_telenovela)=Esmeralda (Brazilian telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandralekha_(TV_series)=Chandralekha (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branson_Famous=Branson Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Guys_(2014_TV_series)=Bad Guys (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantchester_(TV_series)=Grantchester (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_in_Need_2014=Children in Need 2014
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neighbors_(pilot)=The Neighbors (pilot)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Crime_Story=American Crime Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comedy_Classes=Comedy Classes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Hai_Chota_Sa_Choti_Si_Asha=Dil Hai Chota Sa Choti Si Asha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohini_(TV_series)=Mohini (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_Girls=Brave New Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_Kids=Clay Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Bennett_and_Lady_Gaga:_Cheek_to_Cheek_Live!=Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga: Cheek to Cheek Live!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millie_Inbetween=Millie Inbetween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O:_Mermaid_Adventures=H2O: Mermaid Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varuhuset=Varuhuset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revlon_Mirror_Theater=The Revlon Mirror Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Giants=Finding Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VeggieTales_in_the_House=VeggieTales in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Monkeys_(TV_series)=12 Monkeys (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schilling_Playhouse=Schilling Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Maugham_TV_Theatre=Somerset Maugham TV Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll=Sex&Drugs&Rock&Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridges_of_Love_(TV_series)=Bridges of Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bet_ng_Bayan=Bet ng Bayan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Comedy_(TV_series)=Black Comedy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Frost=Dr. Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadqay_Tumhare=Sadqay Tumhare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacation_Playhouse=Vacation Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline_Scotland=Dateline Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandi_&_Jarrod:_Married_to_the_Job=Brandi & Jarrod: Married to the Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_Yu-na's_Kiss_&_Cry=Kim Yu-na's Kiss & Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_&_Shred=Max & Shred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_Dil_Sun_Raha_Hai=Yeh Dil Sun Raha Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maribel_(telenovela)=Maribel (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC2_Playhouse=BBC2 Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_Royal_(TV_series)=Theatre Royal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hours_in_Police_Custody=24 Hours in Police Custody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Singapore=Hello Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Period=Another Period
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_'62=Theatre '62
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alto_Astral=Alto Astral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_(Philippine_TV_series)=Mars (Philippine TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_och_Televinken=Anita och Televinken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madipakkam_Madhavan=Madipakkam Madhavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_(TV_series)=Festival (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Playhouse=London Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Night_Theatre=Late Night Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Playhouse=Saturday Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday_Theatre=Thursday Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_Playhouse=Weekend Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10vor10=10vor10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Jabardasth=Extra Jabardasth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_2=Stage 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_(British_TV_series)=Performance (British TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Sunday_Night_Drama=ITV Sunday Night Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Sunday_Night_Theatre=ITV Sunday Night Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Adventure=The Big Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.M._Tennent_Globe_Theatre=H.M. Tennent Globe Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_(British_TV_series)=Drama (British TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_'68=City '68
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_(Canadian_TV_series)=The Social (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest_(Indian_TV_series)=Everest (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharakshak_Aryan=Maharakshak Aryan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forevermore_(TV_series)=Forevermore (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiller_(TV_series)=Chiller (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polishuk=Polishuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greed_(UK_game_show)=Greed (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaslight_Theatre_(TV_series)=Gaslight Theatre (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Minister's_Children=Prime Minister's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_70=Theatre 70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales_Playhouse=Wales Playhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armchair_Mystery_Theatre=Armchair Mystery Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEC_Nation=SEC Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Win_(1966_TV_series)=You Can't Win (1966 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/118_(TV_series)=118 (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvados=Salvados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_in_Peking_(2014_TV_series)=Moment in Peking (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_(British_TV_series)=Love Story (British TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Couch=The People's Couch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapai_Glai_Peun_Tiang=Sapai Glai Peun Tiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_(2014_TV_series)=Pride and Prejudice (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Chances_(2015_TV_series)=Second Chances (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Words_(TV_series)=More Than Words (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurry_Up,_Brother=Hurry Up, Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amudha_Oru_Aacharyakuri=Amudha Oru Aacharyakuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_(TV_series)=Between (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noirhouse=Noirhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Que_te_perdone_Dios=Que te perdone Dios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Runway:_Threads=Project Runway: Threads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_sol_sale_para_todos=El sol sale para todos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(UK_TV_series)=Escape (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Know_Taekwondo%3F=Do You Know Taekwondo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mexico_True_Television=New Mexico True Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodline_(TV_series)=Bloodline (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Back=Mr. Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Chef_(Mauritius)=Super Chef (Mauritius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome:_The_World's_First_Superpower=Rome: The World's First Superpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Islands_(TV_series)=Private Islands (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyaar_Tune_Kya_Kiya_(TV_series)=Pyaar Tune Kya Kiya (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sled_(TV_series)=Sled (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia's_Got_Talent=Asia's Got Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_Film_Festival=Afternoon Film Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin_&_Co=Chaplin & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Quackers=Stone Quackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klim_(TV_series)=Klim (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digest_Writer=Digest Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale_Life=Glendale Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Campbell_Playhouse_(TV_series)=The Campbell Playhouse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_boss_delle_cerimonie=Il boss delle cerimonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasaan_Ka_Nang_Kailangan_Kita=Nasaan Ka Nang Kailangan Kita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsealed_Alien_Files=Unsealed Alien Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_con_trampa=Amores con trampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malli_(TV_series)=Malli (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_Tribeca=Angie Tribeca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Michelle:_My_Life=K. Michelle: My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Asia=Raising Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amour_et_Patisserie=Amour et Patisserie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asoakavanam=Asoakavanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slednecks=Slednecks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Stalkers=Ghost Stalkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Is_Toff=Life Is Toff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Fighter:_Brazil_4=The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_imperdonable=Lo imperdonable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_of_a_Beauty=Birth of a Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flordeliza=Flordeliza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Election=The Election
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chellamadi_Nee_Enakku=Chellamadi Nee Enakku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expanse_(TV_series)=The Expanse (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valli_(TV_series)=Valli (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Written_Consent=Express Written Consent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfit_Garage=Misfit Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomed_to_Oblivion=Doomed to Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponnunjal_(TV_series)=Ponnunjal (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyana_Parisu_(TV_series)=Kalyana Parisu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhairavi_Aavigalukku_Priyamanaval=Bhairavi Aavigalukku Priyamanaval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muito_Show=Muito Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_School=Idol School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tuerka=La Tuerka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Paris_Kitchen=The Little Paris Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallows_and_Amazons_Forever!=Swallows and Amazons Forever!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piya_Kay_Ghar_Jaana_Hai=Piya Kay Ghar Jaana Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_the_Books_(New_Zealand)=Cook the Books (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violent_Coast=The Violent Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_(Holidays_in_the_danger_zone)=Rivers (Holidays in the danger zone)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Franceska=Hello Franceska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Women_Challenge=Ultimate Women Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Star_(Philippine_TV_show)=Morning Star (Philippine TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connexion_(TV_shows)=Connexion (TV shows)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Improv_(India)=The Improv (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Varthai_Oru_Latcham_Juniors=Oru Varthai Oru Latcham Juniors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botched_(TV_series)=Botched (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshers_(TV_series)=Freshers (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_TV=Crazy TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiators_(2008_UK_TV_series)=Gladiators (2008 UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanamachi_(TV_series)=Kanamachi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_Witches=Legendary Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monchhichis_(TV_series)=Monchhichis (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum_Aise_Hi_Rehna=Tum Aise Hi Rehna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itna_Karo_Na_Mujhe_Pyaar=Itna Karo Na Mujhe Pyaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyscraper_Live=Skyscraper Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_to_Heart_(TV_series)=Heart to Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Growing_(New_Zealand)=Get Growing (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culpable_de_este_Amor=Culpable de este Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Pal_Bob=My Pal Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swashbuckle_(TV_series)=Swashbuckle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Gujariya:_Badlein_Chal_Duniya=O Gujariya: Badlein Chal Duniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jack_and_Triumph_Show=The Jack and Triumph Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Cooks_(short)=Too Many Cooks (short)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Door_(TV_series)=Secret Door (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On'yado_Kawasemi=On'yado Kawasemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Show_(South_Korean_TV_series)=The Show (South Korean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Thursday_Night_Movie=CBS Thursday Night Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Oras_Western_Visayas=24 Oras Western Visayas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Mom_Out=Odd Mom Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Super_Star_(season_3)=Kitchen Super Star (season 3)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinkertons=The Pinkertons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odi_Vilayadu_Mummy=Odi Vilayadu Mummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Bangladesh=MasterChef Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_It_Straight_with_Daniel_Razon=Get It Straight with Daniel Razon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bom_Dia_Rio=Bom Dia Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_la_boca_del_lobo=En la boca del lobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernobyl:_Zone_of_Exclusion=Chernobyl: Zone of Exclusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valid_Love=Valid Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebels_(TV_series)=The Rebels (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Game_(game_show)=The Money Game (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Zero:_The_Series=Day Zero: The Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorel's_Brother=Jorel's Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagito=Bagito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Dad=Dream Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_(TV_series)=Winter (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandi's_Wedding=Kandi's Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Adventures_of_Nanoboy=The New Adventures of Nanoboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parent-Craft=Parent-Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Miss_Pemberton=Our Miss Pemberton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzo'd_with_Children=Manzo'd with Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heir_to_the_Throne_Is...=Heir to the Throne Is...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_with_Drama=Appointment with Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_What_People_Are=You Know What People Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Playwright=Television Playwright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_and_Glorious_(1952_TV_series)=Happy and Glorious (1952 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Spare_the_Horses=Don't Spare the Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_by_to_Shoot=Stand by to Shoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravelhanger=Gravelhanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fake_Off=Fake Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_the_Method=All in the Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Order_to_View=Order to View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mere_Rang_Mein_Rangne_Waali=Mere Rang Mein Rangne Waali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Robots=Bad Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Baking_Championship=Holiday Baking Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukaar=Pukaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamie's_Comfort_Food=Jamie's Comfort Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Sitcom_Is...Not_to_Be_Repeated=This Sitcom Is...Not to Be Repeated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Contact_(TV_series)=First Contact (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brilliant_Book=The Brilliant Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Declare_UK=Nothing to Declare UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Celebrity...Get_Me_Out_of_Here!_(Australian_TV_series)=I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cara_Fi=Cara Fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(Brazil_TV_series)=The Bachelor (Brazil TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go-Go_Boy_Interrupted=Go-Go Boy Interrupted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaten_Alive_(TV_special)=Eaten Alive (TV special)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangarap_Ka=Mangarap Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Birds_Stella_(TV_series)=Angry Birds Stella (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Oaks=Red Oaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_rostro_en_mi_pasado=Un rostro en mi pasado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_carne_propia=En carne propia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapp_and_Lucia_(Channel_4_TV_series)=Mapp and Lucia (Channel 4 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiero_odiarte,_pero_te_amo=Quiero odiarte, pero te amo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch_(2014_TV_series)=Punch (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Love_on_Christmas=Give Love on Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICAC_Investigators_1996=ICAC Investigators 1996
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cielo_sin_estrellas=Cielo sin estrellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conflicto_(telenovela)=Conflicto (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_pecado_concebido=Sin pecado concebido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_casa_en_la_playa=La casa en la playa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavitra_Bandhan=Pavitra Bandhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boj_(TV_series)=Boj (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaguri_Imperia=Zaguri Imperia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuatro_en_la_trampa=Cuatro en la trampa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICAC_Investigators_1998=ICAC Investigators 1998
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_to_Luna!=Earth to Luna!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graduados_(Colombia)=Graduados (Colombia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Bare_Bears=We Bare Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Great_Baker:_Latin_America=Next Great Baker: Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Chef_(Spanish_TV_series)=Top Chef (Spanish TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Jack's_Boat=Old Jack's Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aim_High_(TV_series)=Aim High (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayor_of_the_Town_(TV_series)=Mayor of the Town (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culpas_ajenas=Culpas ajenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richie_Rich_(Netflix_TV_series)=Richie Rich (Netflix TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Tank=Beyond the Tank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine_the_Great_(TV_series)=Catherine the Great (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Secret=Sweet Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Team=Crime Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bastard_Executioner=The Bastard Executioner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Famille=Ma Famille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorciadas_(telenovela)=Divorciadas (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Bosco_(telenovela)=Don Bosco (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elena_(telenovela)=Elena (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicte_(TV_series)=Dicte (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_enemigo_(1961_telenovela)=El enemigo (1961 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojhena_Se_Bojhena_(TV_series)=Bojhena Se Bojhena (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piratskattens_hemlighet=Piratskattens hemlighet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marias_barn_(TV_series)=Marias barn (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Olssons_julkalender=Kurt Olssons julkalender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Sventon_praktiserande_privatdetektiv=T. Sventon praktiserande privatdetektiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_i_luckan_med_julkalendern=Liv i luckan med julkalendern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomtemaskinen=Tomtemaskinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trolltider=Trolltider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julstrul_med_Staffan_&_Bengt=Julstrul med Staffan & Bengt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jul_i_Kapernaum=Jul i Kapernaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronny_&_Julia_(TV_series)=Ronny & Julia (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thik_Jeno_Love_Story=Thik Jeno Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jol_Nupur=Jol Nupur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotell_Gyllene_knorren=Hotell Gyllene knorren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Librarians_(2014_TV_series)=The Librarians (2014 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drive_(TV_series)=The Drive (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumindalen_(TV_series)=Mumindalen (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titteliture=Titteliture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broster,_Broster!=Broster, Broster!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estafa_de_amor=Estafa de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royals_(TV_series)=The Royals (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatre_ivanjske=Vatre ivanjske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kud_puklo_da_puklo_(TV_series)=Kud puklo da puklo (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_familia_del_6=La familia del 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herkules_Jonssons_storverk=Herkules Jonssons storverk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farbror_Pekkas_handelsbod=Farbror Pekkas handelsbod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomtefamiljen_i_Storskogen=Tomtefamiljen i Storskogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Creek_(TV_series)=Battle Creek (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_gemelas_(1961_telenovela)=Las gemelas (1961 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_honra_de_vivir=La honra de vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_insaciable=La insaciable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_leona=La leona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yam_Hain_Hum=Yam Hain Hum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_Kong_Country_(TV_series)=Donkey Kong Country (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Knocks_(1987_TV_series)=Hard Knocks (1987 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agni_Paravai_(TV_series)=Agni Paravai (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arangetram_(TV_series)=Arangetram (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Method_(TV_series)=The Method (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasapalabra=Pasapalabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianela_(telenovela)=Marianela (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niebla_(telenovela)=Niebla (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risas_amargas=Risas amargas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sospecha=La sospecha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_robada_(1961_telenovela)=Vida robada (1961 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_momias_de_Guanajuato_(telenovela)=Las momias de Guanajuato (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_actriz=La actriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_profesor_Valdez=El profesor Valdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_caminante=El caminante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrasca_(telenovela)=Borrasca (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmilla_(series)=Carmilla (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dil_Awaiz=Dil Awaiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_cobarde=La cobarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codicia=Codicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encadenada=Encadenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_herencia=La herencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cita_con_la_muerte=Cita con la muerte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_herida_del_tiempo=La herida del tiempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_culpa_de_los_padres=La culpa de los padres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_familia_Miau=La familia Miau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_desconocida=La desconocida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_imperdonable_(1963_telenovela)=Lo imperdonable (1963 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivimos_en_una_estrella=Vivimos en una estrella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugenia_(telenovela)=Eugenia (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destino_(1963_telenovela)=Destino (1963 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandes_ilusiones=Grandes ilusiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(TV_series)=Jack (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_de_un_cobarde=Historia de un cobarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mesera=La mesera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_mujer_y_yo=Mi mujer y yo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_modelos=Las modelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo_y_Elena=Pablo y Elena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_secreto=El secreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sombra_del_otro_(1963_telenovela)=La sombra del otro (1963 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traicionera_(telenovela)=Traicionera (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_caras_de_mujer=Tres caras de mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_cruzadas_(1963_telenovela)=Vidas cruzadas (1963 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janina_(telenovela)=Janina (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_madrastra_(1962_telenovela)=La madrastra (1962 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcela_(telenovela)=Marcela (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujercitas=Mujercitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penumbra_(telenovela)=Penumbra (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisionera_(1962_telenovela)=Prisionera (1962 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicha_robada=Dicha robada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_duda_(1967_telenovela)=La duda (1967 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellas=Ellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_sombras=Entre sombras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_frontera_(telenovela)=La frontera (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gente_sin_historia=Gente sin historia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incertidumbre=Incertidumbre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_pobre_hombre=Un pobre hombre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocambole_(telenovela)=Rocambole (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_prohibido=Lo prohibido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_tormenta_(1967_telenovela)=La tormenta (1967 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_usurpador=El usurpador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_mentira=Una mentira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vecindad_(telenovela)=La vecindad (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debiera_haber_obispas=Debiera haber obispas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_piel_de_Zapa=La piel de Zapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juicio_de_almas=Juicio de almas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siempre_tuya_(telenovela)=Siempre tuya (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_intrusa_(1964_telenovela)=La intrusa (1964 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriela_(1964_telenovela)=Gabriela (1964 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_dolor_de_vivir=El dolor de vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desencuentro_(1964_telenovela)=Desencuentro (1964 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumbres_Borrascosas_(1964_telenovela)=Cumbres Borrascosas (1964 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_de_emergencia=Central de emergencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apasionada_(telenovela)=Apasionada (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_crisol=El crisol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_corrido_de_Lupe_Reyes=El corrido de Lupe Reyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_calle_en_que_vivimos=La calle en que vivimos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_derecho_de_nacer_(1966_telenovela)=El derecho de nacer (1966 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Dono_do_Mundo=O Dono do Mundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelitos_negros_(telenovela)=Angelitos negros (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventura_(telenovela)=Aventura (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosa_juzgada=Cosa juzgada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_cruz_de_Marisa_Cruces=La cruz de Marisa Cruces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Dios_de_barro=El Dios de barro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_abismo=El abismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encrucijada_(telenovela)=Encrucijada (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalena_(telenovela)=Magdalena (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_mariachi_(telenovela)=El mariachi (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariana_(telenovela)=Mariana (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_abuelas=Las abuelas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_precio_de_un_hombre_(telenovela)=El precio de un hombre (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sonrisa_del_Diablo_(1970_telenovela)=La sonrisa del Diablo (1970 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesenia_(1970_telenovela)=Yesenia (1970 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_(telenovela)=Rafael (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_largo_amor=Un largo amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llamado_urgente=Llamado urgente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Lavalle=Marina Lavalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximiliano_y_Carlota=Maximiliano y Carlota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_mentira_(1965_telenovela)=La mentira (1965 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_mujer_(1965_telenovela)=Una mujer (1965 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuestro_barrio=Nuestro barrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puente_de_cristal=Puente de cristal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_refugio=El refugio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sembradora=La sembradora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tormenta_de_pasiones=Tormenta de pasiones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sombra_del_pecado=La sombra del pecado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutierritos_(1966_telenovela)=Gutierritos (1966 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_patio_de_Tlaquepaque=El patio de Tlaquepaque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cita_en_la_gloria=Cita en la gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_dolor_de_amar=El dolor de amar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_y_orgullo=Amor y orgullo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_de_Abril=Amor de Abril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeria_(1966_telenovela)=Valeria (1966 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeopardy!_(UK_game_show)=Jeopardy! (UK game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_espejismo_brillaba=El espejismo brillaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_duquesa=La duquesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_despertar=El despertar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_medio_pelo=El medio pelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_medio_hogares=Los medio hogares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_No!_Not_THEM!=Oh, No! Not THEM!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristo_negro=Cristo negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_derecho_de_los_hijos=El derecho de los hijos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde,_Jekyll,_Me=Hyde, Jekyll, Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(TV_series)=To Be or Not to Be (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_retrato_de_un_canalla=El retrato de un canalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_and_Sue_(TV_series)=Mel and Sue (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_de_un_amor_(telenovela)=Historia de un amor (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_carruaje=El carruaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_edificio_de_enfrente=El edificio de enfrente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_fieras=Las fieras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_gemelas_(1972_telenovela)=Las gemelas (1972 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_llaman_Martina_Sola=Me llaman Martina Sola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanos_Coraje=Hermanos Coraje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barata_de_primavera=Barata de primavera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_milagro_de_vivir=El milagro de vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paloma_(telenovela)=Paloma (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_maestra=La maestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobre_Clara=Pobre Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ven_conmigo_(telenovela)=Ven conmigo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundos_opuestos_(telenovela)=Mundos opuestos (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_hermana_la_nena=Mi hermana la nena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartas_sin_destino=Cartas sin destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_que_ayudan_a_Dios=Los que ayudan a Dios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_rival=Mi rival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_primer_amor=Mi primer amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_original_y_veinte_copias=Un original y veinte copias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchacha_de_barrio=Muchacha de barrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweden_Laundry=Sweden Laundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_(TV_series)=Scream (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millie_Inbetween:_Access_All_Areas=Millie Inbetween: Access All Areas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mis_tres_amores=Mis tres amores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanna-Barbera_Happy_Hour=The Hanna-Barbera Happy Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rock_(TV_series)=Red Rock (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kami_Reh_Gaee=Kami Reh Gaee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maha_Kumbh:_Ek_Rahasaya,_Ek_Kahani=Maha Kumbh: Ek Rahasaya, Ek Kahani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_profesor_particular=El profesor particular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_recogida=La recogida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_vagabundo=El vagabundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velo_de_novia_(1971_telenovela)=Velo de novia (1971 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Story=Body Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yabba-Dabba-Doo!_The_Happy_World_of_Hanna-Barbera=Yabba-Dabba-Doo! The Happy World of Hanna-Barbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanna-Barbera_Hall_of_Fame:_Yabba-Dabba-Doo_2=The Hanna-Barbera Hall of Fame: Yabba-Dabba-Doo 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Me,_Heal_Me=Kill Me, Heal Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_llegado_una_intrusa=Ha llegado una intrusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Rock_'n'_Roll_(TV_series)=History of Rock 'n' Roll (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Seeking_Woman=Man Seeking Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Donatti=Los Donatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_esquina_del_diablo=La esquina del diablo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuriken_Sentai_Ninninger=Shuriken Sentai Ninninger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hack_My_Life=Hack My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Justice_(TV_series)=True Justice (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renascer=Renascer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(TV_series)=Into the Wild (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_que_el_cielo_no_perdona=Lo que el cielo no perdona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_final_del_arco_iris=Al final del arco iris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_maleficio=El maleficio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malika-e-Aliya=Malika-e-Aliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Be_An_Angel_Too=You Can Be An Angel Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Magazine_Awards=People Magazine Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_(trilogy_series)=The Journey (trilogy series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supervet=The Supervet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Talk_Australians=How to Talk Australians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subh-e-Pakistan=Subh-e-Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Red_(Indian_TV_series)=Code Red (Indian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_Up_Call_(TV_series)=Wake Up Call (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codes_of_Conduct=Codes of Conduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch_and_Burn=Scratch and Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boysitter=Boysitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Things_to_Do_Before_High_School=100 Things to Do Before High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Robot_(TV_series)=Mr. Robot (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funtastic_World_of_Hanna-Barbera_Arena_Show=The Funtastic World of Hanna-Barbera Arena Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Kiss=Once Upon a Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Christmas_Light_Fight=The Great Christmas Light Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Laberinto_de_Alicia_(Colombian_telenovela)=El Laberinto de Alicia (Colombian telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Portrait=An American Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_tienes_derecho_a_juzgarme=No tienes derecho a juzgarme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobalt_(TV_series)=Cobalt (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcos=Narcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_Is_for_Family=F Is for Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iffet=Iffet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Cheque_Charge=Love Cheque Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Aventuras_de_Gui_&_Estopa=As Aventuras de Gui & Estopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vettai_(Singapore_TV_series)=Vettai (Singapore TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_New,_Mr._Magoo%3F=What's New, Mr. Magoo?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_Heaven=Tears of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roque_Santeiro=Roque Santeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sunshine=My Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Africa_Talent=Island Africa Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hole_in_the_Wall_(Vietnam_game_show)=Hole in the Wall (Vietnam game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_de_barrio=Amores de barrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_Your_Wish_List=Win Your Wish List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey,_Crime_Photographer_(TV_series)=Casey, Crime Photographer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Bunch=The Jungle Bunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zid_(TV_series)=Zid (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Russians=Meet the Russians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ana_del_aire=Ana del aire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidstuff_(TV_series)=Kidstuff (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Biker_Boys=De Biker Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Life_(TV_series)=Brand New Life (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabulous_30=Fabulous 30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Precinct_(TV_series)=Downtown Precinct (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfruit_(web_show)=Superfruit (web show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alguien_que_me_quiera=Alguien que me quiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genius_(TV_series)=The Genius (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Winemaker=The Flying Winemaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jani_Dekha_Hobe=Jani Dekha Hobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Line_Fence=Over the Line Fence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_the_Stars=Pick the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outdoors_with_Hal_Denton=Outdoors with Hal Denton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Corner=Pet Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Indian_Family_Drama=The Great Indian Family Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seonam_Girls_High_School_Investigators=Seonam Girls High School Investigators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Attenborough's_Conquest_of_the_Skies_3D=David Attenborough's Conquest of the Skies 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Continue_Kid:_Bokura_no_Game_Shi=No Continue Kid: Bokura no Game Shi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_N'_Road=Rock N' Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_(Canadian_TV_series)=Compass (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumi_Robe_Nirobe=Tumi Robe Nirobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vecina=La vecina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajjotok=Rajjotok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodhuboron=Bodhuboron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotita_de_gente=Gotita de gente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_March_(2013_film)=The March (2013 film)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastian_Steel_Bukan_Cowok_Biasa=Bastian Steel Bukan Cowok Biasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychobitches_(TV_Series)=Psychobitches (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Care_Kori_Na=Care Kori Na
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_(TV_series)=Charlie (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterson_Hill=Peterson Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piel_salvaje=Piel salvaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raage_Anuraage=Raage Anuraage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heavy_Water_War=The Heavy Water War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolucija_(TV_show)=Revolucija (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayito_de_luz=Rayito de luz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_precio_de_tu_amor=El precio de tu amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_(Canadian_TV_series)=Crossfire (Canadian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Zero:_Part-Time_Hero=Penn Zero: Part-Time Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Storybook=Dancing Storybook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entre_brumas=Entre brumas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_hiena=La hiena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosotros_los_pobres_(telenovela)=Nosotros los pobres (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penthouse_(telenovela)=Penthouse (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujeres_de_nadie=Mujeres de nadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_People_With_Jokes=Some People With Jokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amores_Roubados=Amores Roubados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(TV_series)=Breathless (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somewhere_Street=Somewhere Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_East_(TV_series)=The East (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Life=The Big Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_tierra=La tierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_chofer=El chofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_juramento_(1974_telenovela)=El juramento (1974 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyo_to_Umi_no_Kyoshitsu=Taiyo to Umi no Kyoshitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_manantial_del_milagro=El manantial del milagro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_My_G!=Oh My G!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends:_Conditions_apply=Friends: Conditions apply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Love_(TV_series)=What Is Love (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Mom_(TV_series)=Dear Mom (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_(Chinese_TV_series)=The Bachelor (Chinese TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_(1974_telenovela)=Marina (1974 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_a_quererse=Dos a quererse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Colombia=MasterChef Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abaza_(TV_show)=Abaza (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcha_nupcial_(telenovela)=Marcha nupcial (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paanch_5_Wrongs_Make_A_Right=Paanch 5 Wrongs Make A Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wet_Hot_American_Summer_(TV_series)=Wet Hot American Summer (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yara_(telenovela)=Yara (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesame_Street_Unpaved_(series)=Sesame Street Unpaved (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humans_(TV_series)=Humans (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_Work_(TV_Drama)=Nice Work (TV Drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacto_de_amor=Pacto de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maids_(2015_TV_series)=Maids (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Family=Brave Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiki_Renai_Sakusen=Kaiki Renai Sakusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donde_termina_el_camino=Donde termina el camino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_todo_lo_que_brilla_es_oro=No todo lo que brilla es oro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viviana_(telenovela)=Viviana (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_(telenovela)=Santa (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailan_Ba_Tama_ang_Mali%3F=Kailan Ba Tama ang Mali?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Hearts=Healing Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toes_in_Tempo=Toes in Tempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardiente_secreto=Ardiente secreto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_hora_del_silencio=La hora del silencio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladronzuela=Ladronzuela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_mujer=Una mujer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasiones_encendidas=Pasiones encendidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecado_de_amor_(1978_telenovela)=Pecado de amor (1978 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosario_de_amor=Rosario de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koti_Takar_Baaji=Koti Takar Baaji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_prohibido_(telenovela)=Amor prohibido (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_cielo_es_para_todos=El cielo es para todos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumbres_Borrascosas_(1979_telenovela)=Cumbres Borrascosas (1979 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_(1979_telenovela)=Elisa (1979 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_enemigo_(1979_telenovela)=El enemigo (1979 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.J._Juez=J.J. Juez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(telenovela)=Julia (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_amor_frente_al_pasado_(1979_telenovela)=Mi amor frente al pasado (1979 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parecido_al_amor=Parecido al amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamos_juntos=Vamos juntos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_mujer_marcada=Una mujer marcada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_llama_de_tu_amor=La llama de tu amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnyside_(TV_series)=Sunnyside (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_de_nadie=Amor de nadie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_rojo_vivo_(telenovela)=Al rojo vivo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Song=Once Upon a Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aprendiendo_a_amar=Aprendiendo a amar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caminemos=Caminemos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancionera=Cancionera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_combate=El combate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Dragon=Heart of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Plastic_Men=Tiny Plastic Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Drunk_Punk=Young Drunk Punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bersama_Meraih_Mimpi=Bersama Meraih Mimpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corazones_sin_rumbo_(telenovela)=Corazones sin rumbo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juventud_(telenovela)=Juventud (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelusita=Pelusita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Querer_volar=Querer volar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandra_y_Paulina=Sandra y Paulina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soledad_(telenovela)=Soledad (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SportsNight_with_James_Bracey=SportsNight with James Bracey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espejismo_(telenovela)=Espejismo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_amor_tiene_cara_de_mujer_(Argentine_telenovela)=El amor tiene cara de mujer (Argentine telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusri_Bivi=Dusri Bivi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Fabulous_Life=My Big Fat Fabulous Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remote_Survival=Remote Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juegos_del_destino=Juegos del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Una_limosna_de_amor=Una limosna de amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosotras_las_mujeres=Nosotras las mujeres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me_the_Money_(South_Korean_TV_series)=Show Me the Money (South Korean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Por_amor_(Mexican_telenovela)=Por amor (Mexican telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Factor:_Khatron_Ke_Khiladi_(season_6)=Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi (season 6)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindsight_(TV_series)=Hindsight (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_(Chilean_TV_series)=MasterChef (Chilean TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_E!=Live from E!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab_Ruk_Online=Ab Ruk Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Family_(TV_series)=Love Family (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toda_una_vida=Toda una vida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessings_(TV_series)=Blessings (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_amor_nunca_muere_(telenovela)=El amor nunca muere (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanessa_(telenovela)=Vanessa (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivir_enamorada=Vivir enamorada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catastrophe_(sitcom)=Catastrophe (sitcom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalia_Batista=Amalia Batista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Charmers=Little Charmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_amor_ajeno=El amor ajeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianca_Vidal=Bianca Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_fiera_(telenovela)=La fiera (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_mejor_amiga=Mi mejor amiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinch_Live=Hinch Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouravam_(TV_Series)=Gouravam (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaipayuthey_(TV_Series)=Alaipayuthey (TV Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.I_Private_Investigator=P.I Private Investigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crims_(TV_series)=Crims (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euros_of_Hollywood=Euros of Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Niye_Kachakachi=Mon Niye Kachakachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aprendiendo_a_vivir=Aprendiendo a vivir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunny_Piggy=Sunny Piggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funk_Flex_Full_Throttle=Funk Flex Full Throttle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_School:_the_Web_Series=Night School: the Web Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Queens_(2015_TV_series)=Scream Queens (2015 TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_New_Restaurant=Best New Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(telenovela)=Eclipse (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalupe_(1984_telenovela)=Guadalupe (1984 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kockduellen=Kockduellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verdict_is_Yours=The Verdict is Yours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machos_(telenovela)=Machos (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herencia_maldita=Herencia maldita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soltero_en_el_aire=Soltero en el aire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_High_Castle_(TV_series)=The Man in the High Castle (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_Carolina=Diana Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_or_Go_Crazy=Shine or Go Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulan_Istanbul=Ulan Istanbul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_amo_(telenovela)=Te amo (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunk_History_(UK_TV_series)=Drunk History (UK TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expandables=The Expandables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_in_Court_(TV_series)=Day in Court (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Company=X Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_heredera_(Venezuelan_telenovela)=La heredera (Venezuelan telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(Venezuelan_telenovela)=Julia (Venezuelan telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_kommer_mera=Det kommer mera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimmi_(TV_series)=Mimmi (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_(TV_series)=Animals (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Vanthachu_(TV_series)=Lakshmi Vanthachu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_identidad=Sin identidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skymningssagor=Skymningssagor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey:_Our_Homeland=The Journey: Our Homeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enamorada_(1986_telenovela)=Enamorada (1986 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_casa_al_final_de_la_calle=La casa al final de la calle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatever,_Linda=Whatever, Linda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergirl_(U.S._TV_series)=Supergirl (U.S. TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cucumber_(TV_series)=Cucumber (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Bites_(TV_series)=Reality Bites (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_blanco_y_lo_negro=Lo blanco y lo negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Kids_Of_Tehran=Rich Kids Of Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp_Meets_the_Glue_Kids_of_Kenya=Ross Kemp Meets the Glue Kids of Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp:_Behind_the_Story=Ross Kemp: Behind the Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp_in_the_Middle_East=Ross Kemp in the Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Kemp:_The_Invisible_Wounded=Ross Kemp: The Invisible Wounded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Negroes_(miniseries)=The Book of Negroes (miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyei_Gelo=Boyei Gelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abandonada=Abandonada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiranmala=Kiranmala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_grandes_aguas=Las grandes aguas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cautiva_(telenovela)=Cautiva (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navidad_sin_fin=Navidad sin fin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mujer_bonita=Mujer bonita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Galatta=Kitchen Galatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tofu_(TV_series)=Tofu (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_(TV_series)=Banana (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumbres_Borrascosas_(1976_telenovela)=Cumbres Borrascosas (1976 telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokhi=Sokhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterChef_Slovenia=MasterChef Slovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenovela_(TV_series)=Telenovela (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_101_(Australian_TV_series)=Room 101 (Australian TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HooplaKidz=HooplaKidz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felina_(telenovela)=Felina (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat:_The_Story_of_Food=Eat: The Story of Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kong_Que_Ling_(2011)=Kong Que Ling (2011)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nacho_(telenovela)=Nacho (telenovela)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFOs_Declassified=UFOs Declassified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_ettas_dagbok_(TV_series)=En ettas dagbok (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving,_Never_Forgetting=Loving, Never Forgetting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luz_y_sombra=Luz y sombra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_Guard_(TV_series)=The Lion Guard (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicatrices_del_alma=Cicatrices del alma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Funniest_Fails=World's Funniest Fails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lalaloopsy_(TV_series)=Lalaloopsy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_nombre_es_amor=Mi nombre es amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Pratibha=Hello Pratibha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankatmochan_Mahabali_Hanuman=Sankatmochan Mahabali Hanuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_pura_sangre=De pura sangre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SantApprentice=SantApprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Milian_Turned_Up=Christina Milian Turned Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Friends_(TV_series)=Fast Friends (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisyah_Putri_The_Series:_Jilbab_In_Love=Aisyah Putri The Series: Jilbab In Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrambled!=Scrambled!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegiance_(TV_series)=Allegiance (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Big_Happy_(TV_series)=One Big Happy (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Ghetto=King of the Ghetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidadari_Takut_Jatuh_Cinta=Bidadari Takut Jatuh Cinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_is_My_Friend's_Home=Where is My Friend's Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetangga_Masa_Gitu=Tetangga Masa Gitu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_by_Love=Destiny by Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_indomable=La indomable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_(TV_series)=Odyssey (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Sugar=Queen Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_Reborn_(TV_miniseries)=Heroes Reborn (TV miniseries)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavani_(TV_series)=Bhavani (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airshow_(TV_series)=Airshow (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_Alone=Dating Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_First_Home_(New_Zealand_TV_series)=Our First Home (New Zealand TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Girl=Ice Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowd_Control_(TV_series)=Crowd Control (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Giant_Swords=Big Giant Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@Bhalobasha.com=@Bhalobasha.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony_(TV_series)=Colony (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complications_(TV_series)=Complications (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aanchol=Aanchol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tak-Tik-BOOM_(Indonesian_game_show)=Tak-Tik-BOOM (Indonesian game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aparajito_(TV_series)=Aparajito (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behula_(TV_series)=Behula (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhasha=Bhasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidhir_Bidhan=Bidhir Bidhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodhu_Kon_Alo_Laaglo_Chokhe=Bodhu Kon Alo Laaglo Chokhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bou_Kotha_Kao=Bou Kotha Kao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirosaathi=Chirosaathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_jardinero=El jardinero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Heart_(TV_series)=Open Heart (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkmate_(Bengali_TV_series)=Checkmate (Bengali TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghore_Pherar_Gaan=Ghore Pherar Gaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icche_Dana=Icche Dana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durga_Durgotinashini=Durga Durgotinashini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_School_(TV_shows)=Back to School (TV shows)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidas_prestadas=Vidas prestadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_precio_de_la_fama=El precio de la fama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senda_de_gloria=Senda de gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10,000_BC_(TV_show)=10,000 BC (TV show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weight_of_the_Nation=The Weight of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Tribes_(game_show)=Two Tribes (game show)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Luck_(TV_series)=Good Luck (TV series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Life=Kentucky Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Get_Down=The Get Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Unknown=Expedition Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Mama=Incredible Mama
