http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Inc.=Apple Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL=AOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amway=Amway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adobe_Systems=Adobe Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Media_(publisher)=American Media (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Martin=Aston Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aon_(company)=Aon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Micro_Devices=Advanced Micro Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arianespace=Arianespace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Labs=Bell Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW=BMW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borland=Borland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beechcraft=Beechcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Rail=British Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugatti=Bugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombardier_Inc.=Bombardier Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Group=BT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Entertainment=Blizzard Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacardi=Bacardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Small_Arms_Company=Birmingham Small Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley=Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capcom=Capcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cessna=Cessna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaosium=Chaosium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantor_Fitzgerald=Cantor Fitzgerald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceres_Brewery=Ceres Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler=Chrysler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleco=Coleco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compaq=Compaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Equipment_Corporation=Digital Equipment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datsun=Datsun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducati=Ducati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_West_India_Company=Dutch West India Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericsson=Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Enterprise_Services=HP Enterprise Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enron=Enron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National=First National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrari=Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FASA=FASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors=General Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTE=GTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Electric=General Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Bay_Company=Hudson's Bay Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden=Holden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda=Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._J._Heinz_Company=H. J. Heinz Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley-Davidson=Harley-Davidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heckler_&_Koch=Heckler & Koch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Corporation=Hearst Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummer=Hummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intel=Intel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IKEA=IKEA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infocom=Infocom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibanez=Ibanez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Chemical_Industries=Imperial Chemical Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airways=Imperial Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelsat=Intelsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Id_Software=Id Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeep=Jeep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangol=Kangol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koenigsegg=Koenigsegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labatt_Brewing_Company=Labatt Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionhead_Studios=Lionhead Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LucasArts=LucasArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucent=Lucent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamborghini=Lamborghini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus=Lexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AvtoVAZ=AvtoVAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycos=Lycos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long-Term_Capital_Management=Long-Term Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Rover=Land Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft=Microsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda=Mazda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maule_Air=Maule Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorola=Motorola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattel=Mattel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovi=Rovi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPS_Technologies=MIPS Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOS_Technology=MOS Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxie=Moxie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxis=Maxis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo=Nintendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia=Nokia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nortel=Nortel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeXT=NeXT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netscape=Netscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel=Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Corporation=Oracle Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Pictures=Paramount Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips=Philips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porsche=Porsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Software=Raven Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker=Rickenbacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCA=RCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REO_Motor_Car_Company=REO Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_International=Rockwell International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hat=Red Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Corporation=Roland Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Team=Sonic Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_Group=Saab Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Microsystems=Sun Microsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony=Sony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermarine=Supermarine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Graphics=Silicon Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_(company)=Square (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherd_Neame_Brewery=Shepherd Neame Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jackson_Games=Steve Jackson Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Oil=Standard Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saks_Fifth_Avenue=Saks Fifth Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeliaSonera=TeliaSonera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qt_Company=Qt Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toho=Toho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Times_Company=The New York Times Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota=Toyota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabasco_sauce=Tabasco sauce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taito_Corporation=Taito Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telstra=Telstra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandy_Corporation=Tandy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo=Volvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vabis=Vabis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen=Volkswagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmet=Valmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Group=Volkswagen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walmart=Walmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_Studios=Westwood Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Wolf_Publishing=White Wolf Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros.=Warner Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PARC_(company)=PARC (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox=Xerox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Com=3Com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Books_and_Music=Indigo Books and Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_Entertainment=Ritual Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics_Electric_Boat=General Dynamics Electric Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_World=Walt Disney World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company=The Walt Disney Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_Corporation_International=Service Corporation International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_Romeo=Alfa Romeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Hut=Pizza Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_Bell=Taco Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Activision=Activision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer_Corporation=Singer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About.com=About.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Andersen=Arthur Andersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amstrad=Amstrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nvidia=Nvidia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnavox=Magnavox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilbara_Iron=Pilbara Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnams_Brewery=Adnams Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Network_Studios=Cartoon Network Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet=Chevrolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benetton_Group=Benetton Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buick=Buick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Motor_Company=Hyundai Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Press_International=United Press International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Software=Quest Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_East_India_Company=Dutch East India Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge=Dodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimler_AG=Daimler AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Company=East India Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_Solutions=Cygnus Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporation_for_Public_Broadcasting=Corporation for Public Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_S.p.A.=Fiat S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psion_(computers)=Psion (computers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Digital=ITV Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_John_Silver's=Long John Silver's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Treacher's=Arthur Treacher's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FilmLight=FilmLight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_Jones_&_Company=Dow Jones & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7-Eleven=7-Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamov=Kamov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonov=Antonov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AviaBellanca_Aircraft=AviaBellanca Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beriev=Beriev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawker_Pacific_Aerospace=Hawker Pacific Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aermacchi=Aermacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Aerospace=British Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Instruments=Texas Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_for_Worldwide_Interbank_Financial_Telecommunication=Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilyushin=Ilyushin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi=Mitsubishi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Sports_Organisation=Mind Sports Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airspeed_Ltd.=Airspeed Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirelli=Pirelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auster=Auster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avro=Avro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Corporation=Lockheed Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt_&_Whitney=Pratt & Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fokker=Fokker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisco_Systems=Cisco Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_(supermarket)=Jewel (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osco_Drug_and_Sav-on_Drugs=Osco Drug and Sav-on Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertsons=Albertsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinway_&_Sons=Steinway & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldsmobile=Oldsmobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics=General Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altria=Altria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Entertainment=Sierra Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valve_Corporation=Valve Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iridium_Communications=Iridium Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidmore,_Owings_&_Merrill=Skidmore, Owings & Merrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Beers=De Beers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peugeot=Peugeot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Brewing_Company=Miller Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_S.A.=Orange S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadbury=Cadbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subway_(restaurant)=Subway (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunge_Limited=Bunge Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Valley_Authority=Tennessee Valley Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aardman_Animations=Aardman Animations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorn_Computers=Acorn Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria_Brewery_(Netherlands)=Bavaria Brewery (Netherlands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna-Barbera=Hanna-Barbera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympus_Corporation=Olympus Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbine,_Inc.=Turbine, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastman_Kodak=Eastman Kodak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Lib,_Inc.=Ad Lib, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Data_Corporation=Control Data Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu=Fujitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer=Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blohm_+_Voss=Blohm + Voss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Oil=Gulf Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amoco=Amoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCO=ARCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Heavy_Industries=Kawasaki Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCI_Inc.=MCI Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiba=Toshiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_&_Young=Ernst & Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobro=Dobro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitstream_Inc.=Bitstream Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(company)=Sunrise (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unisys=Unisys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfizer=Pfizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Crossing=Global Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asure_Software=Asure Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE=WWE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Motor_Company=Lincoln Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ology=Ology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maserati=Maserati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac=Cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Aeroplane_Company=Bristol Aeroplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zilog=Zilog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOKO=SOKO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utva_Aviation_Industry=Utva Aviation Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITT_Corporation=ITT Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimler-Benz=Daimler-Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AstroTurf=AstroTurf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Martin=Lockheed Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasbro=Hasbro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bausch_&_Lomb=Bausch & Lomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Hill=Avalon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ximian=Ximian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moskvitch=Moskvitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAZ=GAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZAZ=ZAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAZ=UAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbian_Ltd.=Symbian Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMZ-Ural=IMZ-Ural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioWare=BioWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatra_(company)=Tatra (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSR_(company)=TSR (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAF_Trucks=DAF Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abarth=Abarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ImClone_Systems=ImClone Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenor=Telenor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm,_Inc.=Palm, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yum!_Brands=Yum! Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramax=Miramax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aprilia=Aprilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KPMG=KPMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiac=Pontiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneyland_Paris=Disneyland Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Publishing=Western Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedEx=FedEx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompuServe=CompuServe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_plc=Sky plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish_Network=Dish Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Central_Television=China Central Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aetna=Aetna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar=Pixar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelin=Michelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burmeister_&_Wain=Burmeister & Wain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doughty_Hanson_&_Co=Doughty Hanson & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Standard_Aerospace_Group=Dunlop Standard Aerospace Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucasfilm=Lucasfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Electric_Company_plc=General Electric Company plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombardier_Aerospace=Bombardier Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking_Machines_Corporation=Thinking Machines Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jockey_Club=Jockey Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swatch_Group=The Swatch Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaComCo=MetaComCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner=Time Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCR_Corporation=NCR Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silja_Line=Silja Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hershey_Company=The Hershey Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jowett=Jowett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Research=Digital Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_Supermarkets=Pueblo Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKF=SKF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Press=Freedom Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borders_Group=Borders Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon.com=Amazon.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybelline=Maybelline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Worldwide=Hilton Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Hotels_&_Resorts=Hilton Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westland_Aircraft=Westland Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westland_Helicopters=Westland Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Group=Airbus Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Helicopters=Airbus Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornier_Flugzeugwerke=Dornier Flugzeugwerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DaimlerChrysler_Aerospace=DaimlerChrysler Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EADS_CASA=EADS CASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UserLand_Software=UserLand Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inktomi=Inktomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsanto=Monsanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panasonic=Panasonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunard_Line=Cunard Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco=Tesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crayola=Crayola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Products=Avon Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countryside_Agency=Countryside Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wildlife_Trusts=The Wildlife Trusts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Express_Group=National Express Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_for_the_Protection_of_Birds=Royal Society for the Protection of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Semiconductor=National Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell=Dell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiko_Scientific=Meiko Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matra_Marconi_Space=Matra Marconi Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmation=Filmation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Waterways=British Waterways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HKN,_Inc.=HKN, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troma_Entertainment=Troma Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amway_Global=Amway Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erhard_Seminars_Training=Erhard Seminars Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxtor=Maxtor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_HB=Old HB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_Worldwide=Landmark Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Erhard_and_Associates=Werner Erhard and Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Corporation=News Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Airlines=Continental Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EC_Comics=EC Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vox_(musical_equipment)=Vox (musical equipment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperry_Corporation=Sperry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Aircraft=Piper Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBay=EBay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Disney_Resort=Tokyo Disney Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telewest=Telewest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betfair=Betfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMI=EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twickenham_Film_Studios=Twickenham Film Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertelsmann=Bertelsmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esri=Esri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carlyle_Group=The Carlyle Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alstom=Alstom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Espie=Castle Espie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acura=Acura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespa=Vespa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._J._Reynolds_Tobacco_Company=R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCUBE=NCUBE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Airlines=Midwest Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethesda_Softworks=Bethesda Softworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAN_SE=MAN SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkerton_(detective_agency)=Pinkerton (detective agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Rail=Network Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC_Cars=AC Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_of_the_Coast=Wizards of the Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeview_(UK)=Freeview (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaguar_Cars=Jaguar Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_Workshop=Games Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respironics=Respironics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormel=Hormel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PricewaterhouseCoopers=PricewaterhouseCoopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Ghibli=Studio Ghibli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celera_Corporation=Celera Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corel=Corel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heineken_International=Heineken International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IG_Farben=IG Farben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelly_Belly=Jelly Belly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewTek=NewTek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Mobile=T-Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd's_of_London=Lloyd's of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWE_Dea=RWE Dea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WHSmith=WHSmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Converse_(shoe_company)=Converse (shoe company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasselblad=Hasselblad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JVC=JVC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackintosh=Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marks_&_Spencer=Marks & Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Bradley_Company=Milton Bradley Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonnell_Douglas=McDonnell Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeopleSoft=PeopleSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie's=Christie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_East_India_Company=French East India Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Group=Tata Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Comics=Charlton Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARC_Document_Solutions=ARC Document Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifespring=Lifespring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_General=Data General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAM_Airlines=TAM Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ElcomSoft=ElcomSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novartis=Novartis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmel=Atmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_Automobile=Overland Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winton_Motor_Carriage_Company=Winton Motor Carriage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus=Telus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Smith's_Brewery=John Smith's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Motor_Company=White Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayo_Clinic=Mayo Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn_Corporation=Saturn Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XS4ALL=XS4ALL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrix=Cyrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault=Renault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clonaid=Clonaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_(automobile)=Alpine (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agilent_Technologies=Agilent Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STMicroelectronics=STMicroelectronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligier=Ligier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosworth=Cosworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avedis_Zildjian_Company=Avedis Zildjian Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabian=Sabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krispy_Kreme=Krispy Kreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshinoya=Yoshinoya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Pacific_Railroad=Union Pacific Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Mills=General Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XM_Satellite_Radio=XM Satellite Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Aircraft=Fairchild Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEAT=SEAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Dynamics=Mind Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patria_(company)=Patria (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_in_the_Box=Jack in the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_&_Johnson=Johnson & Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Radio=BBC Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arxel_Tribe=Arxel Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrefour=Carrefour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrisons=Morrisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agfa-Gevaert=Agfa-Gevaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asda=Asda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrytoons=Terrytoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens=Siemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teradata=Teradata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmeta=Transmeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Play_the_Game=Ultimate Play the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nederlandse_Spoorwegen=Nederlandse Spoorwegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novell=Novell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Cars=Bristol Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Cars=Lotus Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Fighting_Championship=Ultimate Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Software_Rating_Board=Entertainment Software Rating Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainsbury's=Sainsbury's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Studios=Universal Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox=20th Century Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReplayTV=ReplayTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaman=Megaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starpath=Starpath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THX=THX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_&_Jerry's=Ben & Jerry's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptomathic=Cryptomathic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASF=BASF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Transport=Veolia Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connexxion=Connexxion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriva=Arriva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobcat_Company=Bobcat Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Bahn=Deutsche Bahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speight's=Speight's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celis=Celis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Pictures=Walt Disney Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeLorean_Motor_Company=DeLorean Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Global=Think Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred._Olsen_&_Co.=Fred. Olsen & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaggio=Piaggio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proton_(automobile)=Proton (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Laboratories=Wang Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iveco=Iveco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Artists=United Artists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netflix=Netflix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nullsoft=Nullsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Pictures=Columbia Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leica_Camera=Leica Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minox=Minox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenobi=Zenobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTL_Incorporated=NTL Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark,_Inc.=Quark, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Motors=American Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messerschmitt=Messerschmitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaroid_Corporation=Polaroid Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleischer_Studios=Fleischer Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Archive=Internet Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macromedia=Macromedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Light_&_Magic=Industrial Light & Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Talking_Machine_Company=Victor Talking Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCA_Inc.=MCA Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packard=Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AM_General=AM General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Lantz_Productions=Walter Lantz Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATI_Technologies=ATI Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armadillo_Aerospace=Armadillo Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Tire=Canadian Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruckus_Society=Ruckus Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbucks=Starbucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Post=Canada Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_Concern=Age Concern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coors_Brewing_Company=Coors Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Hortons=Tim Hortons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Semiconductor=Fairchild Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Electric=Detroit Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk=Autodesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHeartMedia,_Inc.=IHeartMedia, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_Film_Productions=Hammer Film Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embraer=Embraer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunoco=Sunoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_National_Committee=Democratic National Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granada_plc=Granada plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom=Viacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rooster=Red Rooster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaring=Jaring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThaiBev=ThaiBev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Central_Railway=Great Central Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studebaker=Studebaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vauxhall_Motors=Vauxhall Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Havilland=De Havilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whataburger=Whataburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CodeWeavers=CodeWeavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._F._Martin_&_Company=C. F. Martin & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCCW=PCCW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Championship_Wrestling=World Championship Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_Public_Accountant=Certified Public Accountant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakovlev=Yakovlev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_(motorcycle)=Indian (motorcycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahoo!=Yahoo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi=Hitachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumont_Film_Company=Gaumont Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVR=TVR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Wesson=Smith & Wesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAO_Schwarz=FAO Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipotle_Mexican_Grill=Chipotle Mexican Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_&_Noble=Barnes & Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Brothers_Studio=Shaw Brothers Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlaxoSmithKline=GlaxoSmithKline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_Pants=Worldwide Pants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuji_Television=Fuji Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Japan_Railway_Company=East Japan Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Japan_Railway_Company=West Japan Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gengo=Gengo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_America=Miss America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChoicePoint=ChoicePoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centronics=Centronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaypro=Kaypro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Interconnect_Solutions=Dolphin Interconnect Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandberg_Data=Tandberg Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericsson_Television=Ericsson Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Telekom=Deutsche Telekom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAS_Institute=SAS Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Train_Operating_Companies=Association of Train Operating Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABB_Group=ABB Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canon_(company)=Canon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborne_Computer_Corporation=Osborne Computer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USRobotics=USRobotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraunhofer_Society=Fraunhofer Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Airlines=Japan Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyeska_Pipeline_Service_Company=Alyeska Pipeline Service Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Telegraph_and_Telephone=Nippon Telegraph and Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Company=Southern Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethlehem_Steel=Bethlehem Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4S_Secure_Solutions=G4S Secure Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly-Clark=Kimberly-Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Paper_Company=Scott Paper Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avid_Technology=Avid Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_Systems=Bentley Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Internet_Security_Systems=IBM Internet Security Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAfee=McAfee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybase=Sybase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koch_Industries=Koch Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbusto_Energy=Arbusto Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Systems=BAE Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRK=NRK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITN=ITN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BHP_Billiton=BHP Billiton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weta_Digital=Weta Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weta_Workshop=Weta Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funcom=Funcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BearingPoint=BearingPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont=DuPont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zeiss_AG=Carl Zeiss AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_International_Pictures=American International Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halliburton=Halliburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Motors=Mitsubishi Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kia_Motors=Kia Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_E._Cheese's=Chuck E. Cheese's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Fuso_Truck_and_Bus_Corporation=Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Post=An Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Cycles=Falcon Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannondale_Bicycle_Corporation=Cannondale Bicycle Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trek_Bicycle_Corporation=Trek Bicycle Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pashley_Cycles=Pashley Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Parcel_Service=United Parcel Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania_AB=Scania AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vattenfall=Vattenfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skanska=Skanska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Securitas_(Swedish_security_company)=Securitas (Swedish security company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H&M=H&M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citigroup=Citigroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIA_Technologies=VIA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujifilm=Fujifilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaggio_Aerospace=Piaggio Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unocal_Corporation=Unocal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Music_Group=Universal Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harland_and_Wolff=Harland and Wolff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelvana=Nelvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esso=Esso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Enix=Square Enix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shugart_Associates=Shugart Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bechtel=Bechtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshalls=Marshalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Academic_Quiz_Tournaments=National Academic Quiz Tournaments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Iron_Works=Bath Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Group=Virgin Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordstrom=Nordstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Mutual=Washington Mutual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bird_Corporation=Blue Bird Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaled_Composites=Scaled Composites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Post=Japan Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular,_Inc.=Popular, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumman=Grumman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentor_Graphics=Mentor Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrop_Corporation=Northrop Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northrop_Grumman=Northrop Grumman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LookSmart=LookSmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Aircraft=Bell Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cray=Cray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss-Wright=Curtiss-Wright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProQuest=ProQuest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Pictures=Orion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavochkin=Lavochkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convair=Convair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Satellite_Broadcasting=British Satellite Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Institute_in_Taiwan=American Institute in Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaio=Vaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clamp_(manga_artists)=Clamp (manga artists)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Digital=Western Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequent_Computer_Systems=Sequent Computer Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_(company)=Treasure (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daihatsu=Daihatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Adams_(Boston_Beer_Company)=Samuel Adams (Boston Beer Company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Foundation=Bradley Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfe_Operadora=Renfe Operadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Federal_Railways=Swiss Federal Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuze_Beverage=Fuze Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrocarrils_de_la_Generalitat_de_Catalunya=Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat de Catalunya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrocarrils_de_la_Generalitat_Valenciana=Ferrocarrils de la Generalitat Valenciana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Aviation=Republic Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeywell=Honeywell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Playing_Card_Company=United States Playing Card Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Federal=Washington Federal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3dfx_Interactive=3dfx Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leidos=Leidos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FTL_Games=FTL Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apogee_Software=Apogee Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck's_Brewery=Beck's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applebee's=Applebee's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celanese=Celanese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glock_Ges.m.b.H.=Glock Ges.m.b.H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Line=Viking Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citibank=Citibank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Bosch_GmbH=Robert Bosch GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MZ_Motorrad-_und_Zweiradwerk=MZ Motorrad- und Zweiradwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNK_Playmore=SNK Playmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VR_Group=VR Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPM_(company)=UPM (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marston's=Marston's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goya_Foods=Goya Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pak'nSave=Pak'nSave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loki_Software=Loki Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Glove=Body Glove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beretta=Beretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colgate-Palmolive=Colgate-Palmolive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCO_Group=SCO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonophone=Zonophone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WildStorm=WildStorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_(1886)=Westinghouse Electric (1886)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Electric_Company=Westinghouse Electric Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Company=London Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodtown=Foodtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adidas=Adidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever=Unilever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Insight=Global Insight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerulean_Studios=Cerulean Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korn_Ferry=Korn Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focke-Wulf=Focke-Wulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_On_the_Net_Foundation=Health On the Net Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabisco=Nabisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_(supermarket)=Countdown (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Flugzeugbau=Hamburger Flugzeugbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Aeronautics_Limited=Hindustan Aeronautics Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weser_Flugzeugbau=Weser Flugzeugbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedo=Speedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardee's=Hardee's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Chicken=Pioneer Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Post=New Zealand Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junkers=Junkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kmart=Kmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campagnolo=Campagnolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimano=Shimano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BVD=BVD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KTM=KTM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infosys=Infosys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiznos=Quiznos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Ironcat=Studio Ironcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simutronics=Simutronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casio=Casio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars,_Incorporated=Mars, Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneida_Limited=Oneida Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritz_Crackers=Ritz Crackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Astronautical_Federation=International Astronautical Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell's_Books=Powell's Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algorithmics_Inc.=Algorithmics Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_automobile=Maxwell automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_Decker=Black & Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HKS_(company)=HKS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celcom=Celcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credo_Reference=Credo Reference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nando's=Nando's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raytheon=Raytheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Eddie=Crazy Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Games=Rio Grande Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Johnson's=Howard Johnson's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benelli_(motorcycles)=Benelli (motorcycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Flags=Six Flags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampex=Ampex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATR_(aircraft_manufacturer)=ATR (aircraft manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterham_Cars=Caterham Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gartner=Gartner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Brothers=Parker Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardena_(company)=Gardena (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globus_(company)=Globus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rock_Cafe=Hard Rock Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBN_Technologies=BBN Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Internet=Bell Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Canada=Bell Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daleside_Brewery=Daleside Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancia=Lancia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyodo_News=Kyodo News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Edwards=JD Edwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomobile_Company_of_America=Locomobile Company of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige_automobile=Paige automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_House_Building_Council=National House Building Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_Motors=Nash Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce-Arrow_Motor_Car_Company=Pierce-Arrow Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixo=Pixo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets.com=Pets.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Martens=Dr. Martens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_(automobile)=Plymouth (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_(automobile)=Mercury (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHESF=CHESF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globalstar=Globalstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualcomm=Qualcomm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRW_Inc.=TRW Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strand_Bookstore=Strand Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekserve=Tekserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryanair=Ryanair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Arts=Electronic Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexa_Internet=Alexa Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Election_Solutions=Premier Election Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bata_Shoes=Bata Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyan,_Inc.=Cyan, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Franklin_Mint=The Franklin Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikorsky_Aircraft=Sikorsky Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDEO=IDEO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrods=Harrods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Electronics=Samsung Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suntory=Suntory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Gaming=Boyd Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Resorts_International=MGM Resorts International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Media=Next Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_Resorts=Mirage Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_District_Development=Marina District Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haribo=Haribo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher_plc=Kingfisher plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooheys_Brewery=Tooheys Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Company=Henry Ford Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DynCorp=DynCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KBR_(company)=KBR (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Mint=Royal Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Technology=Alien Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine_Company=Irvine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Ramsden's=Harry Ramsden's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officine_Meccaniche=Officine Meccaniche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoppers_Drug_Mart=Shoppers Drug Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zellers=Zellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L-3_Communications=L-3 Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy's,_Inc.=Macy's, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAP_SE=SAP SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac's_Convenience_Stores=Mac's Convenience Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alimentation_Couche-Tard=Alimentation Couche-Tard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Outfitters=Home Outfitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Bay_(retailer)=Hudson's Bay (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Group=Thales Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears=Sears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macy's=Macy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jollibee=Jollibee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Consultancy_Services=Tata Consultancy Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Soleil=Cirque du Soleil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_Whampoa=Hutchison Whampoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevron_Corporation=Chevron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4S=G4S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_River_Power=Mighty River Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_Energy_Limited=Genesis Energy Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transpower_New_Zealand=Transpower New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Energy=Meridian Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcelor=Arcelor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrofina=Petrofina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_National_Mortgage_Association=Government National Mortgage Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Scotland=Bank of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_(bank)=Halifax (bank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover_Company=Rover Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SJ_AB=SJ AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UL_(safety_organization)=UL (safety organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Trucks=Mack Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemex=Pemex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSB_(railway_company)=DSB (railway company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgacom=Belgacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.D._Vision=A.D. Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courts_Malaysia=Courts Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertelsmann_Music_Group=Bertelsmann Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobile_Dacia=Automobile Dacia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weetabix_Limited=Weetabix Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konami=Konami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplay_Entertainment=Interplay Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer_Daniels_Midland=Archer Daniels Midland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui=Mitsui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Corporation=Eaton Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Software=Revolution Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Aramco=Saudi Aramco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_Adventure=Knowledge Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Learning_Company=The Learning Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huawei=Huawei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOPAC=GOPAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zions_Cooperative_Mercantile_Institution=Zions Cooperative Mercantile Institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flytoget=Flytoget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RATP_Group=RATP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_Engineering=Lift Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandai=Bandai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Electronics=Tiger Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockbuster_LLC=Blockbuster LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Romania=Vodafone Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Ltd.=Rare Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stora_Enso=Stora Enso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worms_&_Cie=Worms & Cie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia-Pacific=Georgia-Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Paper=International Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyerhaeuser=Weyerhaeuser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroProse=MicroProse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svenska_Cellulosa_Aktiebolaget=Svenska Cellulosa Aktiebolaget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MeadWestvaco=MeadWestvaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappi=Sappi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abitibi-Consolidated=Abitibi-Consolidated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domtar=Domtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapag-Lloyd=Hapag-Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Motor_Corporation=British Motor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&W_Restaurants=A&W Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Media_Group=Private Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Motors=Kaiser Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firaxis_Games=Firaxis Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears_Canada=Sears Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loblaws=Loblaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loeb_(supermarket)=Loeb (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Inc.=Metro Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mallorquina=La Mallorquina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Lease_Finance_Corporation=International Lease Finance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norske_Skog=Norske Skog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_and_Western_Industries=Gulf and Western Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canfor=Canfor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_and_paper_industry_in_Japan=Pulp and paper industry in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potlatch_Corp.=Potlatch Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeda_Pharmaceutical_Company=Takeda Pharmaceutical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongsberg_Gruppen=Kongsberg Gruppen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Automobile_Association=American Automobile Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accenture=Accenture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleiner_Perkins_Caufield_&_Byers=Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFILM=EFILM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namco=Namco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple-Inland=Temple-Inland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamaz=Kamaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FN_Herstal=FN Herstal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Security=RSA Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Carbide=Union Carbide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuengling=Yuengling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennheiser=Sennheiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_(brand)=National (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuji_Heavy_Industries=Fuji Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsingtao_Brewery=Tsingtao Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowater=Bowater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korg=Korg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongsberg_Defence_&_Aerospace=Kongsberg Defence & Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast=Comcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China=Bank of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keg=The Keg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxvalu_Tokai=Maxvalu Tokai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akai=Akai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starwave=Starwave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBDA=MBDA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BC_Ferries=BC Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Drive-In=Sonic Drive-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavedog_Entertainment=Cavedog Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logitech=Logitech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_AG=Metro AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Bank_of_Scotland_Group=The Royal Bank of Scotland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakamichi=Nakamichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiwa=Aiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daewoo=Daewoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Realms=3D Realms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Romania=Orange Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valero_Energy=Valero Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesoro=Tesoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Mobile_Communications=Sony Mobile Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avaya=Avaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgestone=Bridgestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Pollo_Loco=El Pollo Loco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billa_(supermarket)=Billa (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itochu=Itochu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claris=Claris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipex=Pipex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_Corporation=Yamaha Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Soft=Hudson Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moto_Guzzi=Moto Guzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infiniti=Infiniti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauser=Mauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Photos=Magnum Photos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klasky_Csupo=Klasky Csupo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_Chemical_Company=Dow Chemical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrix_Systems=Citrix Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tovarna_avtomobilov_Maribor=Tovarna avtomobilov Maribor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anheuser-Busch=Anheuser-Busch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_(automobile)=Franklin (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neustar=Neustar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Entertainment=Acclaim Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMware=VMware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butlins=Butlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingdon_Life_Sciences=Huntingdon Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapp_Mobile=Zapp Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bezeq=Bezeq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loblaw_Companies=Loblaw Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enix=Enix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Ferry=Star Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire_Hathaway=Berkshire Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharman_Networks=Sharman Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wham-O=Wham-O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irem=Irem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Steel=U.S. Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepycat_Software=Sleepycat Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amul=Amul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BC_Hydro=BC Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_East=Data East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss_Aeroplane_and_Motor_Company=Curtiss Aeroplane and Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihug=Ihug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_UK=News UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia_Resources_Investment_Corporation=British Columbia Resources Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_America_Line=Holland America Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Cruise_Lines=Carnival Cruise Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verisign=Verisign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConocoPhillips=ConocoPhillips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Railway_Company_of_Belgium=National Railway Company of Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchard_(company)=The Orchard (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazprom=Gazprom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobeys=Sobeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packard_Bell=Packard Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Company=Wright Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright-Martin=Wright-Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirTran_Airways=AirTran Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britten-Norman=Britten-Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Post=China Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Seng_Bank=Hang Seng Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molson_Brewery=Molson Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mervyns=Mervyns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollarama=Dollarama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Tinto_Alcan=Rio Tinto Alcan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestica=Celestica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Shop=Future Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Mountain_Bikes=Orange Mountain Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Jockey_Club=Hong Kong Jockey Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg_Group=Carlsberg Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Automobile_Association=The Automobile Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airfix=Airfix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empresas_Polar=Empresas Polar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton-Tate=Ashton-Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diebold=Diebold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funimation=Funimation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_National_Committee=Republican National Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manga_Entertainment=Manga Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korail=Korail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukos=Yukos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RadioShack=RadioShack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagate_Technology=Seagate Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandline_International=Sandline International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Amusements=National Amusements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMC_(automobile)=GMC (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getty_Images=Getty Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GenOn_Energy=GenOn Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_Motor_Company=Yamaha Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DePatie-Freleng_Enterprises=DePatie-Freleng Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System=Turner Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cakewalk_(company)=Cakewalk (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopewell_Holdings=Hopewell Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B612_Foundation=B612 Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlitterbahn=Schlitterbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Group=Daisy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Internet=Demon Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIX=CIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_England_Telephone=Southern New England Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BellSouth=BellSouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Games=West End Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Aircraft_Company=Hughes Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eolas=Eolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Hydro=Norsk Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_NZ=Toll NZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_Stores=Hart Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaris_Industries=Polaris Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aflac=Aflac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_(supermarket)=Dominion (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Superstore=Atlantic Superstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Seasons_Hotels_and_Resorts=Four Seasons Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_Software=Rational Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verve_Records=Verve Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citgo=Citgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_K=Circle K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartered_Management_Institute=Chartered Management Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigy_(online_service)=Prodigy (online service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Electricity_Generating_Board=Central Electricity Generating Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_New_England_Telecommunications=Southern New England Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackBerry_Limited=BlackBerry Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning_Inc.=Corning Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Brothers=Short Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover_Group=Rover Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Leyland=British Leyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Motorcycle_Company=Norton Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claim_Jumper=Claim Jumper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koei=Koei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVB=TVB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercator_(retail)=Mercator (retail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priszm=Priszm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirius_Satellite_Radio=Sirius Satellite Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investor_AB=Investor AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starwood_Hotels_and_Resorts_Worldwide=Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyatt=Hyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamps.com=Stamps.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renesas_Electronics=Renesas Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Television=Asia Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datapoint=Datapoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educational_Testing_Service=Educational Testing Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America=Bank of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Southern_Railway=Norfolk Southern Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Transat=Air Transat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Japan_Railway_Company=Central Japan Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotax=Rotax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atea_(company)=Atea (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Direct=Shaw Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Mail=Royal Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HRL_Laboratories=HRL Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saatchi_&_Saatchi=Saatchi & Saatchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karelia_Software=Karelia Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyeonghwa_Motors=Pyeonghwa Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SsangYong_Motor_Company=SsangYong Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Samsung_Motors=Renault Samsung Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RJR_Nabisco=RJR Nabisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Mercantile_Exchange=Chicago Mercantile Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Remington_and_Sons=E. Remington and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigger_Street_Productions=Trigger Street Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foyles=Foyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Airports_Group=Manchester Airports Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nettwerk=Nettwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WD-40=WD-40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symantec=Symantec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Korea=GM Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cineplex_Odeon_Corporation=Cineplex Odeon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton's=Eaton's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loews_Cineplex_Entertainment=Loews Cineplex Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Buy=Best Buy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurotunnel=Eurotunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technicolor_SA=Technicolor SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneyland_Resort=Disneyland Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Bus_Industries=North American Bus Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neoplan=Neoplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategic_Simulations=Strategic Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Games=Rockstar Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take-Two_Interactive=Take-Two Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optus=Optus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Finish_Productions=Big Finish Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stryker_Corporation=Stryker Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V&S_Group=V&S Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apoteket=Apoteket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systembolaget=Systembolaget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Info_Service=Advanced Info Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&A=C&A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCain_Foods=McCain Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_American_Tobacco=British American Tobacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Airways=Southern Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Storm=Ion Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nielsen_Audio=Nielsen Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baskin-Robbins=Baskin-Robbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genentech=Genentech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_USA=Heritage USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WizKids=WizKids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walther_arms=Walther arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefilm_Canada=Telefilm Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorn_Lighting=Thorn Lighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumtobel_Group=Zumtobel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Motor_Car_Company=Hudson Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIC_Entertainment=DIC Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHUM_Limited=CHUM Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Research=Magnum Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cable_&_Wireless_Worldwide=Cable & Wireless Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alticor=Alticor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Federal_Railways=Austrian Federal Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kroger=Kroger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollar_General=Dollar General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamida=Pamida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrosia_Software=Ambrosia Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune_Media=Tribune Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIT_Entertainment=HIT Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HandMade_Films=HandMade Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Industries=Cooper Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deals=Deals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitel=Sitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoftBank=SoftBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Corporation_of_Canada=Power Corporation of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Locomotive_Company=American Locomotive Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_International=Metro International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchstone_Pictures=Touchstone Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_Triangle_Park=Research Triangle Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_National_Railways=Philippine National Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikoku_Railway_Company=Shikoku Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyushu_Railway_Company=Kyushu Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Freight_Railway_Company=Japan Freight Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokkaido_Railway_Company=Hokkaido Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canadian_Mint=Royal Canadian Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Plus=Rogers Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Communications=Rogers Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Chalet=Swiss Chalet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_(company)=Warwick (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Artists_Agency=Creative Artists Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_DoCoMo=NTT DoCoMo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_John's_Pizza=Papa John's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datakortet=Datakortet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Airlines=Vietnam Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parmalat=Parmalat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singtel=Singtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Mobile=China Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_Express=DHL Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Post=Deutsche Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Nun_Records=Flying Nun Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Interactive=Sports Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Glass_Studios=Looking Glass Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Cable=Rogers Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Hi-Speed_Internet=Rogers Hi-Speed Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topps=Topps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clydesdale_Bank=Clydesdale Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetherspoons=Wetherspoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greco_Pizza_Restaurant=Greco Pizza Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruppo_Bertone=Gruppo Bertone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dairy_Queen=Dairy Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendster=Friendster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Company=Canada Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_General_Electric=Portland General Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkGeek=ThinkGeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biogen_Idec=Biogen Idec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selfridges=Selfridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alleghany_Corporation=Alleghany Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eircom=Eircom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Automobile=Crawford Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin's_Donuts=Robin's Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biovail=Biovail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Pizza=Pizza Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolco=Woolco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bewley's=Bewley's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Mirror=Trinity Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitel=Mitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEC=NEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyan_Worlds=Cyan Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Daniel's=Jack Daniel's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai-Ichi_Kangyo_Bank=Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Arms=College of Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibby_Line=Bibby Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rand_McNally=Rand McNally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folimage=Folimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eidos_Interactive=Eidos Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lewis_Partnership=John Lewis Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitrose=Waitrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_HoloByte=Spectrum HoloByte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_City_Lines=National City Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFE=EFE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diageo=Diageo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BEA_Systems=BEA Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takenaka_Corporation=Takenaka Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_Cars=Volvo Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Communications=Warner Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin-Baker=Martin-Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keio_Corporation=Keio Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Dlabs=3Dlabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel,_LLC=Lionel, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Locomotive_Works=Baldwin Locomotive Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettler=Kettler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Rogers_Restaurants=Roy Rogers Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyu_Corporation=Tokyu Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odakyu_Electric_Railway=Odakyu Electric Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakult=Yakult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinkel=Heinkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skint_Records=Skint Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._C._Thomson_&_Co.=D. C. Thomson & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archant=Archant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_and_Lee=Parker and Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucows=Tucows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinberg=Steinberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICM_Partners=ICM Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_Entertainment=Legend Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.Lindeberg=J.Lindeberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acer_Inc.=Acer Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_Fighting_Championships=Pride Fighting Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Systems=Intelligent Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_and_Research_Corporation=Engineering and Research Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_Trick_Productions=Hat Trick Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XGI_Technology=XGI Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompUSA=CompUSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleer=Fleer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Development_Bank=Islamic Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kintetsu=Kintetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt's_Manufacturing_Company=Colt's Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imation=Imation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Transportation=GE Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralphs=Ralphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outback_Steakhouse=Outback Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotary_Rocket=Rotary Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_One_(company)=Radio One (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_AG=Software AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolex=Rolex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibroplex=Vibroplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Industries=Reliance Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Unilever=Hindustan Unilever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranbaxy_Laboratories=Ranbaxy Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Authority_of_India=Steel Authority of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_Afghanistan_Bank=Da Afghanistan Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldi=Aldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient_Watch=Orient Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zend_Technologies=Zend Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danelectro=Danelectro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Pictures=Republic Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Adventures=Space Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Tao_News_Corporation=Sing Tao News Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Classics=Sony Pictures Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Line_Cinema=New Line Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Megastores=Virgin Megastores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Arrow=Canadian Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norid=Norid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timely_Comics=Timely Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepco=Pepco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Entertainment=Turner Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endemol=Endemol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swire_Group=Swire Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Danone=Groupe Danone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCM_(ice_hockey)=CCM (ice hockey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMenamins=McMenamins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magen_David_Adom=Magen David Adom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottlieb=Gottlieb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Studios=Revolution Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_President_Lines=American President Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Searchlight_Pictures=Fox Searchlight Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikkoman=Kikkoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Motor=Riley Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaman_Aircraft=Kaman Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Republic=Banana Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Motors=Hindustan Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlus=Atlus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_One_Corporation=Bank One Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gannett_Company=Gannett Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Navy=Old Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Sports=EA Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_Breweries=South African Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Marx_and_Company=Louis Marx and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAI=RAI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsevier=Elsevier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Elsevier=Reed Elsevier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeitgeist_Films=Zeitgeist Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artdink=Artdink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Athletic_Club=New York Athletic Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Penney=J. C. Penney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_New_Zealand=Spark New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_Restaurant_and_Bakery=Perkins Restaurant and Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanoma=Sanoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CA,_Inc.=CA, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Media=Sun Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arby's=Arby's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanrio=Sanrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wegmans=Wegmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paychex=Paychex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolyGram=PolyGram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioMed_Central=BioMed Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konica_Minolta=Konica Minolta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NATS_Holdings=NATS Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elcoteq=Elcoteq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Motor_Company=Morgan Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phelps_Dodge=Phelps Dodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceland_(supermarket)=Iceland (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synopsys=Synopsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decipher,_Inc.=Decipher, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtePiazza=ArtePiazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zippo=Zippo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_North=Rockstar North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV4_Group=TV4 Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panhard=Panhard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-ZPass=E-ZPass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV3_(Ireland)=TV3 (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_Project=The Hunger Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chupa_Chups=Chupa Chups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bose_Corporation=Bose Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Corporation_&_plc=Carnival Corporation & plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Board_of_Trade=Chicago Board of Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leatherman=Leatherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midway_Games=Midway Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daum_Kakao=Daum Kakao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Freak=Game Freak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ursus_Breweries=Ursus Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolith_Productions=Monolith Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Deere=John Deere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stena_Line=Stena Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emack_&_Bolio's=Emack & Bolio's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DKNY=DKNY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBS_Transit=SBS Transit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollinger_Inc.=Hollinger Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Holdings=Rolls-Royce Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziff_Davis=Ziff Davis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windfields_Farm=Windfields Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husky_Energy=Husky Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petro-Canada=Petro-Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veritas_Software=Veritas Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresser_Industries=Dresser Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonian_MacBrayne=Caledonian MacBrayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MFS_Investment_Management=MFS Investment Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissel_Motor_Car_Company=Kissel Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakley,_Inc.=Oakley, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Cup=Second Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Mobility=Bell Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Media=Bell Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AstraZeneca=AstraZeneca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkut=Orkut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/76_(Phillips_66)=76 (Phillips 66)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severn_Trent=Severn Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Coach_Industries=Motor Coach Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Ranch_Market=99 Ranch Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_World_Dialup=Free World Dialup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vonage=Vonage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Radio=CBS Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MySQL_AB=MySQL AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Union=Auto Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Star_Line=White Star Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stark_Draper_Laboratory=Charles Stark Draper Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapters=Chapters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Southern_(company)=Kansas City Southern (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costco=Costco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Music_Canada=Warner Music Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Domain=Digital Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_City_Rapid_Transit_Company=Twin City Rapid Transit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Style=Country Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Sub=Mr. Sub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cott=Cott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saloio=Saloio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerber_Products_Company=Gerber Products Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_Liberty_Caucus=Republican Liberty Caucus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolby_Laboratories=Dolby Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirth=Hirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Netherlands_Worldwide=Radio Netherlands Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_Canyon=Pony Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Schleicher_GmbH_&_Co=Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosfilm=Mosfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyco_International=Tyco International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Netcom=China Netcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Telecom=China Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Unicom=China Unicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entravision_Communications=Entravision Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackLight_Power=BlackLight Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragdoll_Productions=Ragdoll Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In-N-Out_Burger=In-N-Out Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensemble_Studios=Ensemble Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliant_Techsystems=Alliant Techsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Glovis=Hyundai Glovis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Motor_Group=Hyundai Motor Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermercados_Gigante=Supermercados Gigante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Apart=Six Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai=Hyundai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Heavy_Industries=Hyundai Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Heavy_Industries=Mitsubishi Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Nonstop_Action_Wrestling=Total Nonstop Action Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Music_Group=Warner Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Genomics_Institute=Beijing Genomics Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Corporation=Mitsubishi Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Fine_Productions=Double Fine Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THQ=THQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaichi_Securities=Yamaichi Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Glass_Co.=Asahi Glass Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcos_Engineering=Marcos Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sail_Training_International=Sail Training International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_plc=ITV plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massey_Ferguson=Massey Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Studios=Microsoft Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry's_Food_and_Drug=Fry's Food and Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Venture_Holdings=Phoenix Venture Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell-Northern_Research=Bell-Northern Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkervoort=Donkervoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Church_Brew_Works=The Church Brew Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accolade_(game_company)=Accolade (game company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellotape=Sellotape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Planet=Lonely Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitre_Corporation=Mitre Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debenhams=Debenhams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD_Projekt_RED=CD Projekt RED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelphia_Communications_Corporation=Adelphia Communications Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchell's_Donuts=Winchell's Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkin'_Donuts=Dunkin' Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chick-fil-A=Chick-fil-A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlumberger=Schlumberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullfrog_Productions=Bullfrog Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FICO=FICO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupperware=Tupperware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Topic=Hot Topic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sina_Corp=Sina Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OTE=OTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSMC=TSMC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrigley_Company=Wrigley Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Gifts=Spencer Gifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metromedia=Metromedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_Corporation=San Miguel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Canada=Chrysler Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tippmann=Tippmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwibank=Kiwibank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Mobility=AT&T Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Oil_Company=Shell Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Wireless_Services=AT&T Wireless Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Wireless=Verizon Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_East_India_Company=Swedish East India Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone=Vodafone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encana=Encana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scion_(automobile)=Scion (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikkatsu=Nikkatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Mercantile_Exchange=New York Mercantile Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Crockett_Promotions=Jim Crockett Promotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Systems/Loral=Space Systems/Loral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberheim_Electronics=Oberheim Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Triangle_Press=Pink Triangle Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agence_France-Presse=Agence France-Presse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Air_System=Japan Air System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Aerospace_&_Technologies=Ball Aerospace & Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Kong_Holdings=Cheung Kong Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acornsoft=Acornsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_Laval=Alfa Laval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAD_Game_Tools=RAD Game Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Permanente=Kaiser Permanente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JDSU=JDSU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Materials=Applied Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandvik=Sandvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcoa=Alcoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myer=Myer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Jones_Limited=David Jones Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Airlines=Southeast Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Rock_Brewery=Big Rock Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRI_International=SRI International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akamai_Technologies=Akamai Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trader_Joe's=Trader Joe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merck_KGaA=Merck KGaA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Corporation=Thomson Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlaw=Westlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schering-Plough=Schering-Plough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Financial=Thomson Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDDI=KDDI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revlon=Revlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Telecom=SK Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbis=Corbis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amdahl_Corporation=Amdahl Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybach=Maybach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swisscom=Swisscom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etisalat=Etisalat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Digital_Illusions_CE=EA Digital Illusions CE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freescale_Semiconductor=Freescale Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstar_Cruises=Windstar Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booths=Booths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micron_Technology=Micron Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_Firearms_Manufacturing=Barrett Firearms Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_Laboratories=Abbott Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunokawa_Onsen_(Hokkaido)=Yunokawa Onsen (Hokkaido)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Oil_Corporation=Sinclair Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIBS_Holdings=TIBS Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manganese_Bronze_Holdings=Manganese Bronze Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_Corporation=Cirque Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanshin_Tigers=Hanshin Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuto_Expressway=Shuto Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Catholic_Forensic_League=National Catholic Forensic League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iekei_Ramen=Iekei Ramen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachem=Bachem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astral_Media=Astral Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forex_Bank=Forex Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skandia=Skandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrolux=Electrolux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoliv=Autoliv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Copco=Atlas Copco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Times_Group=Modern Times Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assa_Abloy=Assa Abloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Vodochody=Aero Vodochody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuppertal_Institute_for_Climate,_Environment_and_Energy=Wuppertal Institute for Climate, Environment and Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glanbia=Glanbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxtel=Foxtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optus_Television=Optus Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Soft=Adventure Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Data_Products=Columbia Data Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol-Myers_Squibb=Bristol-Myers Squibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Marietta=Martin Marietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TradeStation=TradeStation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerio_Technologies=Kerio Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AkzoNobel=AkzoNobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Swaps_and_Derivatives_Association=International Swaps and Derivatives Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Inc.=Vulcan Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3i=3i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Rock=Northern Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentax=Pentax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Hannifin=Parker Hannifin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Store=Apple Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troika_Games=Troika Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainforest_Cafe=Rainforest Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elders_Limited=Elders Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon's=Leon's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi_Strauss_&_Co.=Levi Strauss & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Semiconductor=Cypress Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logica=Logica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Entertainment=Phantom Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeapFrog_Enterprises=LeapFrog Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Corporation=Quantum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metlink=Metlink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Cruises=Crystal Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waffle_House=Waffle House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remington_Arms=Remington Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grolsch_Brewery=Grolsch Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_I.G=Production I.G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linksys=Linksys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostik=Bostik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leica_Geosystems=Leica Geosystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_%22R%22_Us=Toys "R" Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricoh=Ricoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Bank=Alpha Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agusta=Agusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AgustaWestland=AgustaWestland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infineon_Technologies=Infineon Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recreation_and_Amusement_Association=Recreation and Amusement Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Helicopter=Bell Helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PayPoint=PayPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulfstream_Aerospace=Gulfstream Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searoad_Ferries=Searoad Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bray_Productions=Bray Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight's_Armament_Company=Knight's Armament Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(supermarket)=Champion (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolworths_Limited=Woolworths Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagship_Studios=Flagship Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Games=Destination Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romtelecom=Romtelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodrich_Corporation=Goodrich Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairlight_(company)=Fairlight (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puch=Puch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_Media_Networks=Viacom Media Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMC_Corporation=EMC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Computers_Limited=International Computers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Games=Hero Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rootes_Group=Rootes Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Office_Ltd=Post Office Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_Systems=Pinnacle Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altera=Altera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MECC=MECC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magna_International=Magna International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talgo=Talgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_Bath_&_Beyond=Bed Bath & Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_(studio)=Bones (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julep=Julep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraft_Foods=Kraft Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganong_Bros.=Ganong Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebecor=Quebecor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Fair=Cedar Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Press=Beacon Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melpar=Melpar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHIndustries=NHIndustries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolce_&_Gabbana=Dolce & Gabbana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herpa_Wings=Herpa Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkeystone_Games=Monkeystone Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipercor=Hipercor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Tobacco=Japan Tobacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Coutu_Group=Jean Coutu Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isuzu_Motors=Isuzu Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Media=Liberty Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Bank=Deutsche Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dougall_Media=Dougall Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_River_(company)=Forest River (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CARNet=CARNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIG_Sauer=SIG Sauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYNEX=NYNEX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Aerospace=Bristol Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Louis_(glass_manufacturer)=Saint-Louis (glass manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temasek_Holdings=Temasek Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_Orient_Lines=Neptune Orient Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Ireland=Bank of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illwinter_Game_Design=Illwinter Game Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sberbank_of_Russia=Sberbank of Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timex_Group_USA=Timex Group USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterstones=Waterstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxottica=Luxottica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray-Ban=Ray-Ban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghirardelli_Chocolate_Company=Ghirardelli Chocolate Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LensCrafters=LensCrafters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XanGo=XanGo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battelle_Memorial_Institute=Battelle Memorial Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MindSpring=MindSpring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopCoder=TopCoder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_Group=Alfa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GT_Interactive_Software=GT Interactive Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorenstein_Company=Shorenstein Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creemore_Springs=Creemore Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Numismatic_Association=American Numismatic Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telmex=Telmex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nismo=Nismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Entertainment_Group=Fox Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Bell=Pacific Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batelco=Batelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azteca_(multimedia_conglomerate)=Azteca (multimedia conglomerate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haier=Haier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_Software=Opera Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapient_Corporation=Sapient Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaSalle_(automobile)=LaSalle (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotheby's=Sotheby's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cammell_Laird=Cammell Laird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoftBank_Telecom=SoftBank Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoftBank_Mobile=SoftBank Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winn-Dixie=Winn-Dixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg's=Kellogg's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_Limited=Vale Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publix=Publix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fendi=Fendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticketmaster=Ticketmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigor_Shipyards=Vigor Shipyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experian=Experian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagex=Jagex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expeditors_International=Expeditors International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newmarket_Films=Newmarket Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranium,_Inc.=Cranium, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIPE_Networks=PIPE Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Bauer=Eddie Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffmann-La_Roche=Hoffmann-La Roche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SC_Lithuanian_Radio_and_Television_Centre=SC Lithuanian Radio and Television Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Sportscars=Westfield Sportscars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilera=Gilera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rona,_Inc.=Rona, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Instruments=National Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiksilver=Quiksilver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iams=Iams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maytag=Maytag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Isle_Studios=Black Isle Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Khodro=Iran Khodro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Solutions=Network Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L_Brands=L Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coats_PLC=Coats PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Group=CITIC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Creek_Timber=Plum Creek Timber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeritalia=Aeritalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alenia_Aeronautica=Alenia Aeronautica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryder=Ryder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Video=Broadway Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Railways_Board=British Railways Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NECTEC=NECTEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MathWorks=MathWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft=Ubisoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newgrounds=Newgrounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Theatres=AMC Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Police_Security_Service=Norwegian Police Security Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Professional=Martin Professional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cara_Operations=Cara Operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTL_Group=RTL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1worldspace=1worldspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanofi=Sanofi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diners_Club_International=Diners Club International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academi=Academi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_of_Zeus=Wheels of Zeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Public_Television=American Public Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsukoshi=Mitsukoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finmeccanica=Finmeccanica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FleetBoston_Financial=FleetBoston Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway,_Inc.=Gateway, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesars_Entertainment_Corporation=Caesars Entertainment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouygues=Bouygues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbomeca=Turbomeca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_J.M._Smucker_Company=The J.M. Smucker Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEICO=GEICO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Engine_Company=Allison Engine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Future_Holdings=Energy Future Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H&R_Block=H&R Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Depot=Office Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Games=Epic Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staples_Inc.=Staples Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magyar_Telekom=Magyar Telekom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonka=Tonka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTU_Aero_Engines=MTU Aero Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiderweb_Software=Spiderweb Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukhoi=Sukhoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupolev=Tupolev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman's_Own=Newman's Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NGD_Studios=NGD Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marimekko=Marimekko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmonix=Harmonix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Television_(New_Zealand)=Sky Television (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austereo_Radio_Network=Austereo Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Chilsung=Lotte Chilsung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relic_Entertainment=Relic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVS_Pharmacy=CVS Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgreens=Walgreens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyocera=Kyocera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Bulmer=H. P. Bulmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IiNet=IiNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KPN=KPN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Alliance=Engine Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Worldwide=BBC Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Hydro=Ontario Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outokumpu=Outokumpu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressive_Enterprises=Progressive Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambus=Rambus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Greetings=American Greetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Street=Williams Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artistdirect=Artistdirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weatherby=Weatherby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOVA_Entertainment=NOVA Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holsten_Brewery=Holsten Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalashnikov_Concern=Kalashnikov Concern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fandango_(ticket_service)=Fandango (ticket service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Valley_(company)=Grass Valley (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Consumer_Electronics=Thomson Consumer Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanyo=Sanyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BNFL=BNFL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deloitte=Deloitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders-Roe=Saunders-Roe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieuport=Nieuport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCSOFT=NCSOFT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Rail_Services=Direct Rail Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freightliner_Group=Freightliner Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Schenker_Rail_(UK)=DB Schenker Rail (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Art_Company=Ohio Art Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_O_Tires=Big O Tires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Arts=Game Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nankai_Electric_Railway=Nankai Electric Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeport-McMoRan=Freeport-McMoRan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAe_Dynamics=BAe Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemento_Cruz_Azul=Cemento Cruz Azul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViewSonic=ViewSonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESET=ESET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trend_Micro=Trend Micro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euskaltel=Euskaltel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erdemir=Erdemir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cipla=Cipla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Buck_or_Two=A Buck or Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canwest=Canwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_Breweries=Pyramid Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_Electric=Automatic Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfram_Research=Wolfram Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight_Watchers=Weight Watchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebble_bed_modular_reactor=Pebble bed modular reactor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haworth_(company)=Haworth (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LenovoEMC=LenovoEMC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claire's=Claire's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Savings_Fund_Society=Philadelphia Savings Fund Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Sheffield_and_Lincolnshire_Railway=Manchester, Sheffield and Lincolnshire Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cigna=Cigna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabilis_(company)=Mirabilis (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becton_Dickinson=Becton Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litton_Industries=Litton Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOCTI=NOCTI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAN_Diesel=MAN Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_&_Buster's=Dave & Buster's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hy-Vee=Hy-Vee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crypto_AG=Crypto AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Atlantic=Marine Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-1=K-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAL_Laboratory=HAL Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocette=Velocette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinarello=Pinarello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomra=Tomra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Outcomes=Executive Outcomes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Space_Corporation=Swedish Space Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Red_Cross=Canadian Red Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajaj_Auto=Bajaj Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sysmex_Corporation=Sysmex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Communications=Reliance Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOA_Corp.=TOA Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Blue_Byte=Ubisoft Blue Byte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inslaw=Inslaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rankin/Bass_Productions=Rankin/Bass Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schnucks=Schnucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crytek=Crytek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_Game_Company=Daybreak Game Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vekoma=Vekoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadvision=Broadvision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawai_Musical_Instruments=Kawai Musical Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Train=Bee Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Animation=Toei Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBiquity=IBiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One.Tel=One.Tel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Airways_Ltd.=British Airways Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobb_and_Co=Cobb and Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam's_Club=Sam's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki=Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USG_Corporation=USG Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_House=Maxwell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_the_Aged=Help the Aged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Communications=Carlton Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egosoft=Egosoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Flyer=Radio Flyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathkit=Heathkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlliedSignal=AlliedSignal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetZero=NetZero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skis_Rossignol=Skis Rossignol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whole_Foods_Market=Whole Foods Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_Group=Camelot Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T_&_T_Supermarket=T & T Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Castle_(restaurant)=White Castle (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Communications=Morris Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Healthcare=Alliance Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathrow_Airport_Holdings=Heathrow Airport Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta-Tung=Ta-Tung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australia_Post=Australia Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UKTV=UKTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathclyde_Partnership_for_Transport=Strathclyde Partnership for Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNO_Financial_Group=CNO Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Games=Columbia Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donruss=Donruss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohler_Company=Kohler Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturm,_Ruger_&_Co.,_Inc.=Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Broadcast_Group=Sinclair Broadcast Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Hughes=Baker Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresser_Atlas=Dresser Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_Corporation=Boss Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodgers_Instruments=Rodgers Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Helicopter_Company=Robinson Helicopter Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Delight=Pizza Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Conservative_Union=American Conservative Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrs-Safeway=Carrs-Safeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_(mobile_network)=Meteor (mobile network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEG=AEG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_Brewery=Titanic Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake's=Drake's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Aviation=GE Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Market=Boston Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LexisNexis=LexisNexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldwyn_Pictures=Goldwyn Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Gibbons=Stanley Gibbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Japan_Pro_Wrestling=New Japan Pro Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WesternGeco=WesternGeco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spot_Image=Spot Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigitalGlobe=DigitalGlobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoZone=AutoZone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris-Craft_Industries=Chris-Craft Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honest_Ed's=Honest Ed's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Television=Atlantic Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Soda=Jones Soda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Television_Network=Asian Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corus_Entertainment=Corus Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parisian_(department_store)=Parisian (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissin_Foods=Nissin Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delvaux_(company)=Delvaux (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KrAZ=KrAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinsey_&_Company=McKinsey & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owens_Corning=Owens Corning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webvan=Webvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verenium_Corporation=Verenium Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Pharmacopeia=United States Pharmacopeia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analog_Devices=Analog Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SonicWall=SonicWall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MontaVista=MontaVista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PanAmSat=PanAmSat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESB_Group=ESB Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastman_Chemical_Company=Eastman Chemical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Corps=Apple Corps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincy_Newspapers=Quincy Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirokiya=Shirokiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Supermarkets=United Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhaize_Group=Delhaize Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Technologies_Corporation=United Technologies Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossil,_Inc.=Fossil, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_for_Reform_Judaism=Union for Reform Judaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBCUniversal=NBCUniversal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Elevator_Company=Otis Elevator Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AccuWeather=AccuWeather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetIQ=NetIQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rentokil_Initial=Rentokil Initial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Garden=Olive Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Steamship_Lines=Canada Steamship Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenstein_&_Koppel=Orenstein & Koppel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telefunken=Telefunken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashi_(company)=Kashi (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnicom_Group=Omnicom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WPP_plc=WPP plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Holdings_Company=Graham Holdings Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stern's=Stern's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Tobacco=Imperial Tobacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Railways=Indian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._H._Belo=A. H. Belo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belo=Belo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Electronics=LG Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRISA_TV=PRISA TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycoming_Engines=Lycoming Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Steel_Algoma=Essar Steel Algoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Oil=Imperial Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tektronix=Tektronix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sage_Group=Sage Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Match=Swedish Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TPG_Telecom=TPG Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SABMiller=SABMiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matson,_Inc.=Matson, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrossGen=CrossGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pep_Boys=Pep Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affymetrix=Affymetrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikkor=Nikkor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Motors,_Inc.=Continental Motors, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainmaker_Entertainment=Rainmaker Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilobyte=Trilobyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinetiq=Qinetiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornby_Railways=Hornby Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animusic=Animusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainsbury's_Bank=Sainsbury's Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Bank_of_Canada=National Bank of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriStar_Pictures=TriStar Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amblin_Entertainment=Amblin Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptic_Studios=Cryptic Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Steel=Tata Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CACI=CACI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollerblade=Rollerblade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_I-Lander=Coney I-Lander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Choppers=Orange County Choppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Fresh=Meadow Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindscape=Mindscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick_Corporation=Brunswick Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcom=Broadcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_Peralta=Powell Peralta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moosehead_Brewery=Moosehead Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IO_Interactive=IO Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Autonomy=HP Autonomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire_Bank=Yorkshire Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot,_Cabot_&_Forbes=Cabot, Cabot & Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden_Special_Vehicles=Holden Special Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTC_(software_company)=PTC (software company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fjord1_Nordvestlandske=Fjord1 Nordvestlandske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Wrestling_Alliance=Frontier Wrestling Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koss_Corporation=Koss Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Creek_Productions=Morgan Creek Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Rock_Entertainment=Castle Rock Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooters=Hooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquor_Control_Board_of_Ontario=Liquor Control Board of Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Racing_Association=New York Racing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernod_Ricard=Pernod Ricard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphone=Epiphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JFE_Holdings=JFE Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojitz=Sojitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Corporation=Sumitomo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Toboggan_Coasters=Philadelphia Toboggan Coasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juniper_Networks=Juniper Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Studios=Famous Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Cars=Lola Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear_Tire_and_Rubber_Company=Goodyear Tire and Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestone_Tire_and_Rubber_Company=Firestone Tire and Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmann=Karmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_Wrestling_Corporation=Capitol Wrestling Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSAB=SSAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/URS_Corporation=URS Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatton_National_Bank=Hatton National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawa_Inc.=Wawa Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Ceylon=Bank of Ceylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Bank_of_Ceylon=Commercial Bank of Ceylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Pictures=Hollywood Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANZ_Bank_New_Zealand=ANZ Bank New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimension_Films=Dimension Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_Automobile=Saab Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail_Boxes_Etc.=Mail Boxes Etc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressive_Corporation=Progressive Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barclaycard=Barclaycard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perodua=Perodua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fender_Musical_Instruments_Corporation=Fender Musical Instruments Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwell_UK=Blackwell UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny's=Denny's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrim's_Pride=Pilgrim's Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Store=Paris Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachmann_Industries=Bachmann Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Communications=Discovery Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanguard_Group=The Vanguard Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komatsu_Limited=Komatsu Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Gas_and_Electric_Company=Pacific Gas and Electric Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolyGram_Filmed_Entertainment=PolyGram Filmed Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_&_Sutherland=Evans & Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Automotive=Noble Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomniac_Games=Insomniac Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comico=Comico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bing_(company)=Bing (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ervia=Ervia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Video=Hollywood Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco_Ireland=Tesco Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tranz_Rail=Tranz Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eveready_Battery_Company=Eveready Battery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prada=Prada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensoniq=Ensoniq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxer_TV_Access=Boxer TV Access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Media_Network=All Media Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Surinaamsche_Bank=De Surinaamsche Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_wrestling_in_the_United_Kingdom=Professional wrestling in the United Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Diamond_Equipment=Black Diamond Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarra_Trams=Yarra Trams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BankBoston=BankBoston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Airport_Authority=Dublin Airport Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humana=Humana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Convention_Center_Corporation=San Diego Convention Center Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_System_Works=Arc System Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandalay_Resort_Group=Mandalay Resort Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Circle_Restaurants=Arctic Circle Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Watch_Company=International Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorinox=Victorinox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-Keisei_Electric_Railway=Shin-Keisei Electric Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_Online_Services=Juno Online Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflexive_Entertainment=Reflexive Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Orlando=Universal Orlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebco_Industries=Ebco Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombardier_Recreational_Products=Bombardier Recreational Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Enterprises=Joseph Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Sky_Golden_Harvest=Orange Sky Golden Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOS_Burger=MOS Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaskawa_Electric_Corporation=Yaskawa Electric Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Up_TV=Top Up TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artisan_Entertainment=Artisan Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba_Telecom_Services=Manitoba Telecom Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presto_Studios=Presto Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster's_Group=Foster's Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PR_Newswire=PR Newswire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_Coasters_International=Custom Coasters International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FleishmanHillard=FleishmanHillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenTV=OpenTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathis_(cars)=Mathis (cars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yang_Ming_Marine_Transport_Corporation=Yang Ming Marine Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTH_Electric_Trains=MTH Electric Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akella=Akella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Eagle_Outfitters=American Eagle Outfitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperion_Entertainment=Hyperion Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophos=Sophos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMG_Media=DMG Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Mail_and_General_Trust=Daily Mail and General Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby-Spears=Ruby-Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invensys=Invensys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyds_Bank=Lloyds Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YPF=YPF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEDITECH=MEDITECH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulton_and_Watt=Boulton and Watt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_Bus_&_Coach=Solaris Bus & Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens_Financial_Group=Citizens Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Television=Sony Pictures Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulzer_(manufacturer)=Sulzer (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uber_(company)=Uber (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Music=Dolphin Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Tuesday_(restaurant)=Ruby Tuesday (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_plc=Next plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maersk=Maersk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Power=Scottish Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Matter_Interactive=Gray Matter Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_Ward=Infinity Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neversoft=Neversoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaba_Games=Shaba Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treyarch=Treyarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_Development=Underground Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrik=Neutrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inditex=Inditex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skycity_Entertainment_Group=Skycity Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_Brewing_Company=Sierra Nevada Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHI_Corporation=IHI Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_&_Body_Works=Bath & Body Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eon_Productions=Eon Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teany=Teany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riggs_Bank=Riggs Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_Villages=Ten Thousand Villages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Maple=Waterloo Maple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poundstretcher=Poundstretcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbot=Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Arms=Savage Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magneti_Marelli=Magneti Marelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browning_Arms_Company=Browning Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occidental_Petroleum=Occidental Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_&_Dwight=Church & Dwight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagato=Zagato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanel=Chanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versace=Versace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panavia_Aircraft_GmbH=Panavia Aircraft GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keebler_Company=Keebler Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahold=Ahold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphenol=Amphenol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universum_Film_AG=Universum Film AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Trucks=Renault Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_Buses=Volvo Buses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_Aero=Volvo Aero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_State_Railways=Swedish State Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackhill_Enterprises=Blackhill Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractor_Supply_Company=Tractor Supply Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe's=Lowe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannon_Group=The Cannon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafael_Advanced_Defense_Systems=Rafael Advanced Defense Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HEMA_(store)=HEMA (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo_Irish_Bank=Anglo Irish Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Technologies=Baltimore Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greencore=Greencore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&C_Group=C&C Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtricity=Airtricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intel_Ireland=Intel Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbital_Sciences_Corporation=Orbital Sciences Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G&L_Musical_Instruments=G&L Musical Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Ward=Montgomery Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minerva_(automobile)=Minerva (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-R-I-T_Motor_Car_Company=K-R-I-T Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa-Bank=Alfa-Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novation_Digital_Music_Systems=Novation Digital Music Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoubleClick=DoubleClick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Atlantic_&_Pacific_Tea_Company=The Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_With_Scissors_(company)=Running With Scissors (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohl's=Kohl's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_West=US West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snecma=Snecma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iusacell=Iusacell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eversource_Energy=Eversource Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Arts_Centre=Chinese Arts Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brio_(company)=Brio (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_1_Imports=Pier 1 Imports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevska_pivara=Sarajevska pivara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Pen_Company=Parker Pen Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boddingtons_Brewery=Boddingtons Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbalife=Herbalife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tissot=Tissot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigelow_Aerospace=Bigelow Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_Watch_Company=Waltham Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Caribbean_International=Royal Caribbean International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Cruises=Celebrity Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company_of_Australia=Ford Motor Company of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancrase=Pancrase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_&_David=Harry & David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard-Brasier=Richard-Brasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasier=Brasier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Lilly_and_Company=Eli Lilly and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impressions_Games=Impressions Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilted_Mill_Entertainment=Tilted Mill Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilatus_Aircraft=Pilatus Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WakeMed=WakeMed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_South_Australia=Bank of South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIN_Media=LIN Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epyx=Epyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coopers_Brewery=Coopers Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Jack's=Hungry Jack's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Capital_Aviation_Services=GE Capital Aviation Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Televisa=Televisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbitz=Orbitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile=Virgin Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Bryant=Lane Bryant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krystal_(restaurant)=Krystal (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_New_Zealand=Bank of New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SanDisk=SanDisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radica_Games=Radica Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bally_Technologies=Bally Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Drinks=Virgin Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Railway=Sagami Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiko=Seiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barco_(manufacturer)=Barco (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_American_Medical_Colleges=Association of American Medical Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulova=Bulova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_Products=Linn Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinCo_Foods=WinCo Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiquita_Brands_International=Chiquita Brands International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Express=Panda Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenger=Wenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaupunkt=Blaupunkt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Military=Airbus Military
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Concepts=Visual Concepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognizant=Cognizant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyglass,_Inc.=Spyglass, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoss's_Steak_and_Sea_House=Hoss's Steak and Sea House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConAgra_Foods=ConAgra Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lundbeck=Lundbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uninett=Uninett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_Bytes=Piranha Bytes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NUMMI=NUMMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Corporation=West Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Integrated_Systems=Silicon Integrated Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Vision=Arts Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unic=Unic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AusRegistry=AusRegistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Markets=Acme Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_TV=Bell TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PizzaExpress=PizzaExpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elgin_National_Watch_Company=Elgin National Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buell_Motorcycle_Company=Buell Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animate=Animate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athletic_Model_Guild=Athletic Model Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesco=Genesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMC-Sierra=PMC-Sierra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dole_Food_Company=Dole Food Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swingline=Swingline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaia_Online=Gaia Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino's_Pizza=Domino's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunPass=SunPass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muntz_Car_Company=Muntz Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cracker_Barrel=Cracker Barrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Pont_Motors=Du Pont Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamiya=Mamiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELF_Corporation=ELF Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Inn=Holiday Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allstate=Allstate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Text_Corporation=Open Text Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hertz_Corporation=The Hertz Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchor_Brewing_Company=Anchor Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainless_Steel_Studios=Stainless Steel Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Post=Jersey Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamleys=Hamleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Seat_(store)=County Seat (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Brothers=Brooks Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensible_Software=Sensible Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaesu_(brand)=Yaesu (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lattelecom=Lattelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MikroTik=MikroTik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_S.A.=Total S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keikyu=Keikyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentiva_Health_Services=Gentiva Health Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_International=Waltham International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introversion_Software=Introversion Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvis_Car_and_Engineering_Company=Alvis Car and Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCNS_(company)=DCNS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockerill-Sambre=Cockerill-Sambre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinz_Heise=Heinz Heise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solutia=Solutia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._J._Hooker=L. J. Hooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohan_Meakin=Mohan Meakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company_of_New_Zealand=Ford Motor Company of New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Farm_Insurance=State Farm Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Specialist_Vehicles=Dennis Specialist Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeMoulas_Market_Basket=DeMoulas Market Basket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaren_Technology_Group=McLaren Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textron=Textron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydro_Tasmania=Hydro Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Energy=Aurora Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transend_Networks=Transend Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Star_Line=Blue Star Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Brewery=Swan Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaren_Automotive=McLaren Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xilinx=Xilinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OQO=OQO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold's_Gym=Gold's Gym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterman_pens=Waterman pens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAC_Limited=RAC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_South_Africa_Company=British South Africa Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canteen_Stores_Department_(India)=Canteen Stores Department (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralston_Purina=Ralston Purina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmenich=Firmenich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermountain_Manufacturing_Company=Intermountain Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breitling_SA=Breitling SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Corporation=Lionel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danske_Bank_(Ireland)=Danske Bank (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internode_(ISP)=Internode (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learjet=Learjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Ezy=Video Ezy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O2_(Ireland)=O2 (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.G._Barr=A.G. Barr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motel_6=Motel 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Averatec=Averatec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceX=SpaceX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Asset_Management=Brookfield Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Ireland=BT Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_(Japanese_company)=Leaf (Japanese company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_(company)=Key (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britvic=Britvic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Yip=Wing Yip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin_Aircraft_Industry_Group=Harbin Aircraft Industry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolith_Soft=Monolith Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmen_(company)=Holmen (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoddard-Dayton=Stoddard-Dayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squier=Squier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coles_Supermarkets=Coles Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JT_Group_Limited=JT Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_(footwear)=Buffalo (footwear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Irish_Banks=Allied Irish Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princeton_Review=The Princeton Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richemont=Richemont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alko=Alko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggly_Wiggly=Piggly Wiggly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xceed=Xceed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathmark=Pathmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zatarain's=Zatarain's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCormick_&_Company=McCormick & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Trust_Bank=First Trust Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhouse_(company)=Madhouse (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomingdale's=Bloomingdale's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telkom_Kenya=Telkom Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serotta=Serotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gucci=Gucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westvleteren_Brewery=Westvleteren Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Chocolate=Digital Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Press_Institute=International Press Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandai_Visual=Bandai Visual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagani_(automobile)=Pagani (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrero_SpA=Ferrero SpA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webley_&_Scott=Webley & Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Point_Brewery=Stevens Point Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alimentos_La_Giralda=Alimentos La Giralda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigo_Supermarkets=Amigo Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillsbury_Company=Pillsbury Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCI_Cinemas=UCI Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beer_Store=The Beer Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courvoisier=Courvoisier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nano-RAM=Nano-RAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Radionics=Sinclair Radionics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boo.com=Boo.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celesio=Celesio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott-Detroit=Abbott-Detroit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_(1906_automobile)=ABC (1906 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_(1922_automobile)=ABC (1922 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Clark_Productions=Dick Clark Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_(1920_automobile)=Ace (1920 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_(automobile)=Acme (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerocar_(1905_automobile)=Aerocar (1905 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenworth=Kenworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterbilt=Peterbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freightliner_Trucks=Freightliner Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2929_Entertainment=2929 Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cable_One=Cable One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jim_Henson_Company=The Jim Henson Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Engineers_Australia=Aero Engineers Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomos=Tomos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airway_(automobile)=Airway (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van's_Aircraft=Van's Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajax_(1921_automobile)=Ajax (1921 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aland_(automobile)=Aland (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AJS=AJS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeywell_Turbo_Technologies=Honeywell Turbo Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batesville_Casket_Company=Batesville Casket Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primus_Canada=Primus Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Vuitton=Louis Vuitton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecmo=Tecmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_Rail=Queensland Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alter_(automobile)=Alter (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazoli's=Fazoli's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amilcar=Amilcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Type_Founders=American Type Founders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Auto=Western Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Route_66_(company)=Route 66 (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstGroup=FirstGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timken_Company=Timken Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoover_Company=The Hoover Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexmark=Lexmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-AMG=Mercedes-AMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anadol=Anadol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivetti=Olivetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Media_Holdings=Crown Media Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetApp=NetApp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviton=Leviton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabacalera=Tabacalera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardsley_(automobile)=Ardsley (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Siddeley=Armstrong Siddeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Whitworth=Armstrong Whitworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot_Oil_&_Gas=Cabot Oil & Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compuware=Compuware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LVMH=LVMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry_Climax=Coventry Climax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennessy=Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_(restaurant)=Quick (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Casket_Company=Aurora Casket Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk_(motorcycle)=Minsk (motorcycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Instruments=Oxford Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Aircraft_Industries=Adam Aircraft Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moleskine=Moleskine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_SA=Omega SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterasys_Networks=Enterasys Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.L.Bean=L.L.Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telkom_(South_Africa)=Telkom (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aultman=Aultman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Publications=Advance Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Technologies=Renaissance Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati_Bell=Cincinnati Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballot_(automobile)=Ballot (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Botanical_Garden=Atlanta Botanical Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Engine_Alliance=Global Engine Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody's_Corporation=Moody's Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamix=Dynamix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MV_Agusta=MV Agusta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Head_Studios=Human Head Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_Corporation=ABS-CBN Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mausu_Promotion=Mausu Promotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Tomaso=De Tomaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_plc=Future plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Collins=Rockwell Collins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Motors=Tata Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Canada=Shell Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aastra_Technologies=Aastra Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrick_Gold=Barrick Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godrej_Group=Godrej Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Diamond_Corporation=Dominion Diamond Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATCO=ATCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brabus=Brabus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnico_Eagle_Mines_Limited=Agnico Eagle Mines Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrium=Agrium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Aliant=Bell Aliant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duesenberg=Duesenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanitarium_Health_and_Wellbeing_Company=Sanitarium Health and Wellbeing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEA_Technology=AEA Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flextronics=Flextronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanosys=Nanosys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landsvirkjun=Landsvirkjun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WMS_Industries=WMS Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_Development_Oman=Petroleum Development Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shire_(pharmaceutical_company)=Shire (pharmaceutical company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Gobain=Saint-Gobain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Outfitters=Urban Outfitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_Group=The Times Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Glarus_Brewing_Company=New Glarus Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluxys=Fluxys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimaru=Daimaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Commercial_Airplanes=Boeing Commercial Airplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Defense,_Space_&_Security=Boeing Defense, Space & Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angiotech_Pharmaceuticals=Angiotech Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitbank_Fort=Spitbank Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATS_Automation_Tooling_Systems=ATS Automation Tooling Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptalis=Aptalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Environmental=Bennett Environmental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Office_Properties=Brookfield Office Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Communications=Mercury Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAE_Inc.=CAE Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascades_(company)=Cascades (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCL_Industries=CCL Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConjuChem=ConjuChem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton_Petroleum=Compton Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Mitsui_Financial_Group=Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Trust_and_Banking=Sumitomo Trust and Banking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Younkers=Younkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFJ=UFJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RG_Line=RG Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kymco=Kymco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Healthcare=GE Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerJet=PowerJet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumberland_Ferries_Limited=Northumberland Ferries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaggia=Gaggia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvaco=Silvaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draper_Fisher_Jurvetson=Draper Fisher Jurvetson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Australia=Boeing Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Havilland_Australia=De Havilland Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Highway_Public_Corporation=Japan Highway Public Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swisher_Hygiene=Swisher Hygiene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinram=Cinram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognos=Cognos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolco_Pictures=Carolco Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Western_Bank=Canadian Western Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorel_Industries=Dorel Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Electric_Power_Company=Tokyo Electric Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geely=Geely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIC_Motor=SAIC Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_GM=Shanghai GM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changan_Ford_Mazda=Changan Ford Mazda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Group_China=Volkswagen Group China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangling_Motors=Jiangling Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Wireless=Rogers Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoldenPalace.com=GoldenPalace.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornsea_Pottery=Hornsea Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Enterprises=Cox Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan,_Inc.=Kaplan, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icos=Icos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attachmate=Attachmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Heavy_Electricals=Bharat Heavy Electricals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nardi=Nardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covance=Covance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Press=Black Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackstone_Group=The Blackstone Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehman_Brothers=Lehman Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Sammy_Holdings=Sega Sammy Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safeway_Inc.=Safeway Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berliet=Berliet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPL_Group=BPL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superquinn=Superquinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Communications=Cox Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionsgate_Television=Lionsgate Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Television_Studios=CBS Television Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Origin=Blue Origin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodstuffs=Foodstuffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Hunter=Swan Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruit_of_the_Loom=Fruit of the Loom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pampered_Chef=The Pampered Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See's_Candies=See's Candies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teledyne_Technologies=Teledyne Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GenCorp=GenCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Energy_of_Canada_Limited=Atomic Energy of Canada Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POSCO=POSCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elitegroup_Computer_Systems=Elitegroup Computer Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelco=Stelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuance_Communications=Nuance Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shubert_Organization=The Shubert Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danisco=Danisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emera=Emera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado_Gold=Eldorado Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Company=Empire Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratoires_Pierre_Fabre=Laboratoires Pierre Fabre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reitmans=Reitmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farfisa=Farfisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Tommy's=Original Tommy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magma_(company)=Magma (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubbard_Foods=Hubbard Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academic_Games=Academic Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Air_Seaplanes=Harbour Air Seaplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisco_Videoscape=Cisco Videoscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenor_Denmark=Telenor Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atos=Atos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_BMG=Sony BMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_News_&_Media=Independent News & Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verio=Verio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krups=Krups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Romania=Telekom Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Buffalo=Flying Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatix=Automatix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enbridge=Enbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_Financial=Fairfax Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont_Hotels_and_Resorts=Fairmont Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Edison=Consolidated Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recruit_(company)=Recruit (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots_Canada=Roots Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Electronics=Zenith Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickenbacker_(car)=Rickenbacker (car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martell_(cognac)=Martell (cognac)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderer_(car)=Wanderer (car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Track_&_Field=USA Track & Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo_Tobacco_Factory=Sarajevo Tobacco Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Levinson_Audio_Systems=Mark Levinson Audio Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krell_Industries=Krell Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aer_Rianta_International=Aer Rianta International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AviAlliance=AviAlliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucor=Nucor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AvCraft_Technical_Services=AvCraft Technical Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICA_AB=ICA AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESP_Guitars=ESP Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PPG_Industries=PPG Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Energy_Inc=Progress Energy Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._E._Shaw_&_Co.=D. E. Shaw & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlast_(boxing)=Everlast (boxing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawcett_Comics=Fawcett Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meijer=Meijer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Wireless_Corporation=Western Wireless Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAG_Heuer=TAG Heuer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnimEigo=AnimEigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_(company)=Look (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enwave=Enwave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Television=Hearst Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_Furniture_Mart=Nebraska Furniture Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magna_Steyr=Magna Steyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotteria=Lotteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington_Coat_Factory=Burlington Coat Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesco_Financial=Wesco Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurentian_Bank_of_Canada=Laurentian Bank of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molson_Bank=Molson Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Net=Health Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_Canada=HSBC Bank Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_Bank=Frost Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlainsCapital_Bank=PlainsCapital Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry's_Electronics=Fry's Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coca-Cola_Company=The Coca-Cola Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Archives=Video Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickies=Dickies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odwalla=Odwalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panera_Bread=Panera Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Areva=Areva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian-American_Company=Russian-American Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikon=Nikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutelsat=Eutelsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credit_Suisse_First_Boston=Credit Suisse First Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CN_Marine=CN Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EToro=EToro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duane_Reade=Duane Reade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrawest=Intrawest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsidian_Entertainment=Obsidian Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheinmetall=Rheinmetall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wienerschnitzel=Wienerschnitzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd's_Register=Lloyd's Register
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_Studios=Blue Sky Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Robot_Productions=Bad Robot Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Table_Pizza=Round Table Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diesel_Locomotive_Works=Diesel Locomotive Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Corporation=Pioneer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros.-Seven_Arts=Warner Bros.-Seven Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_Software=Rage Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHC_Helicopter=CHC Helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falconbridge_Ltd.=Falconbridge Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Quantum_Minerals=First Quantum Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man_Railway=Isle of Man Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denby_Pottery_Company=Denby Pottery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Hewitt=Jackson Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Solutions=Aker Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerys=Clerys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guineys=Guineys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magirus=Magirus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach,_Inc.=Coach, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Caribbean_Cruises_Ltd.=Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpoon_Brewery=Harpoon Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depository_Trust_&_Clearing_Corporation=Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabil_Circuit=Jabil Circuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Marketing=Vector Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick's_of_Hollywood=Frederick's of Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radisson_Hotels=Radisson Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behringer=Behringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaCorp=MediaCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Stearns=Bear Stearns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Search_&_Transfer=Fast Search & Transfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Records=Angel Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avco_Records=Avco Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkers_and_Rally's=Checkers and Rally's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4Licensing_Corporation=4Licensing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABKCO_Records=ABKCO Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigma_Records=Enigma Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rete_Ferroviaria_Italiana=Rete Ferroviaria Italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenitalia=Trenitalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Records=Homestead Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadra_FNX_Mining=Quadra FNX Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortis_Inc.=Fortis Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architecture_for_Humanity=Architecture for Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amgen=Amgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontline_Ltd.=Frontline Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savers=Savers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manpower_Inc.=Manpower Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steyr-Daimler-Puch=Steyr-Daimler-Puch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getty_Oil=Getty Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_Chopper_Supermarkets=Price Chopper Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudos_(production_company)=Kudos (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoni_Production=Aoni Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church's_Chicken=Church's Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napolact=Napolact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circuit_City=Circuit City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Storm_Entertainment=Red Storm Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Entertainment=Sony Pictures Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogeco=Cogeco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorus_Communications=Chorus Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro-Star_International=Micro-Star International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puma_SE=Puma SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birka_Line=Birka Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Sciences_Corporation=Computer Sciences Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThyssenKrupp=ThyssenKrupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt_&_Whitney_Canada=Pratt & Whitney Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_State_Logic=Solid State Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Bull=Groupe Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Studios=ABC Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_John=Sean John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Zone=Discovery Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlo_Worldwide_Logistics=Menlo Worldwide Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudioCanal=StudioCanal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsonite=Samsonite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go-Ahead_Group=Go-Ahead Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connex_Melbourne=Connex Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_Hall_of_Fame=Poker Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daewoo_Motors=Daewoo Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Armour=Under Armour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carling_brewery=Carling brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meow_Mix=Meow Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Films=Triumph Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_TriStar_Television=Columbia TriStar Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriStar_Television=TriStar Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Pictures_Television=Columbia Pictures Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Falcom=Nihon Falcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Cruise_Line=Disney Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrid=Torrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topshop=Topshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Acres_and_a_Mule_Filmworks=40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeman_Breweries=Sleeman Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFC_Enterprises=AFC Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinnabon=Cinnabon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popeyes_Louisiana_Kitchen=Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetley=Tetley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascual_Boing=Pascual Boing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascend_Communications=Ascend Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargill=Cargill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thus_(company)=Thus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forstmann_Little_&_Company=Forstmann Little & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Beuren_Studios=Van Beuren Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Communications=Shaw Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Australia=Thales Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-Ace=Tri-Ace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audiogram_(label)=Audiogram (label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vue_Cinemas=Vue Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In-Q-Tel=In-Q-Tel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Air_Defence=Thales Air Defence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTStarcom=UTStarcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_East_Asia=Bank of East Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Network=Century Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retro_Studios=Retro Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_&_Bingley=Bradford & Bingley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cable_&_Wireless_plc=Cable & Wireless plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boag's_Brewery=Boag's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Local_Radio_Company=The Local Radio Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minute_Maid=Minute Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Hills_Software=Green Hills Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnes_Stores=Dunnes Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadrolinija=Jadrolinija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson_Pictures=Jim Henson Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Television=Walt Disney Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Television=Universal Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fido_Solutions=Fido Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh-O-Gram_Studio=Laugh-O-Gram Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balabit=Balabit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equifax=Equifax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Lines=United States Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_PLC=Pearson PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCL_Business=UCL Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estes_Industries=Estes Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diesel_(brand)=Diesel (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Massive=Ubisoft Massive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Taco=Del Taco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premiere_Networks=Premiere Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohm=Rohm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CETME=CETME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Growth_Properties=General Growth Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotswold_Rail=Cotswold Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omidyar_Network=Omidyar Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepura=Sepura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBS_Broadcasting_Group=SBS Broadcasting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSA_(Kennedy_Center)=VSA (Kennedy Center)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognex_Corporation=Cognex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Marietta_Materials=Martin Marietta Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Italia=Telecom Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capgemini=Capgemini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edel_AG=Edel AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Shop=The Body Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UKRD_Group=UKRD Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMFM_(radio_network)=KMFM (radio network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porterbrook=Porterbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Roadshow=Village Roadshow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebellion_Developments=Rebellion Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Shoes=DC Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euroway=Euroway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryo_Interactive=Cryo Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Enfield=Royal Enfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emap_International_Limited=Emap International Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Print_Mint=Print Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Advisors=Wells Fargo Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEOC_Japan=LEOC Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenzing_AG=Lenzing AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenbauer=Rosenbauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayr-Melnhof=Mayr-Melnhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wienerberger=Wienerberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semperit=Semperit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palfinger=Palfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plansee_Group=Plansee Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Blum=Julius Blum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strabag=Strabag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Field's=Marshall Field's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Egg_Corporation_Limited=Australian Egg Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Electronics_Company_Limited=Advanced Electronics Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Ferries=Irish Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ling-Temco-Vought=Ling-Temco-Vought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noranda_(mining_company)=Noranda (mining company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilead_Sciences=Gilead Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogs_Back_Brewery=Hogs Back Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digicel=Digicel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Ireland_Electricity=Northern Ireland Electricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Food_Centers=Eagle Food Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatsunoko_Production=Tatsunoko Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_Leyland=Ashok Leyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._C._Johnson_&_Son=S. C. Johnson & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Energy=British Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipsos_MORI=Ipsos MORI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G2000=G2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krome_Studios_Melbourne=Krome Studios Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patek_Philippe_&_Co.=Patek Philippe & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armani=Armani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezaki_Glico=Ezaki Glico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixons_Retail=Dixons Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codelco=Codelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BREL=BREL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameSpot=GameSpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zee_Entertainment_Enterprises=Zee Entertainment Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Aerospace_and_Defence_Group=Marshall Aerospace and Defence Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Huge_Games=Big Huge Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Railways=Pakistan Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIA_Engineering_Company=SIA Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riviera_Trains=Riviera Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Railway_Company=West Coast Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Needle_Railroad_Company=Harry Needle Railroad Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Type-Moon=Type-Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameStop=GameStop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsuzakaya=Matsuzakaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_Brewery=Bass Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savi_Technology=Savi Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperValu_(Ireland)=SuperValu (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Oil=Irving Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions_Gate_Entertainment=Lions Gate Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundry_Networks=Foundry Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenovo=Lenovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scranton_Button_Company=Scranton Button Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskom=Eskom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meade_Instruments=Meade Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weis_Markets=Weis Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A.M.B.=L.A.M.B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Deck_Company=Upper Deck Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ComicsOne=ComicsOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Radio_Network=Student Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Biscuits=United Biscuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_McClatchy_Company=The McClatchy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transamerica_Corporation=Transamerica Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRH_plc=CRH plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Automobile=Auburn Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkin=Orkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owens-Illinois=Owens-Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BKV=BKV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntraCorp=IntraCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capstone_Software=Capstone Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QFC=QFC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermac's=Supermac's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayto_(Republic_of_Ireland)=Tayto (Republic of Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRobot=IRobot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCC_plc=DCC plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TPG_Capital=TPG Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristina_Cruises=Kristina Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JCB_(company)=JCB (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameSpy=GameSpy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelzoo=Travelzoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Systems=Daisy Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peavey_Electronics=Peavey Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despair,_Inc.=Despair, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Animation=Warner Bros. Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBCUniversal_Entertainment_Japan=NBCUniversal Entertainment Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Burnett_Worldwide=Leo Burnett Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiko_Instruments=Seiko Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospital_Corporation_of_America=Hospital Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBC_Root_Beer=IBC Root Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuborg_Brewery=Tuborg Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtronic=Medtronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seibu_Railway=Seibu Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTVE=RTVE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Behemoth=The Behemoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Sand_Fort=Horse Sand Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Gravity_Corporation=Zero Gravity Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Media_Group=Local Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investcorp=Investcorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfister_(firm)=Pfister (firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stock.xchng=Stock.xchng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC_Comics=AC Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Television=Gray Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Digital_Channels_Ltd=ITV Digital Channels Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walmart_Market=Walmart Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceDev=SpaceDev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OCBC_Wing_Hang_Bank=OCBC Wing Hang Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Real=Banco Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Aircraft=Murphy Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Bread_Company=Atlanta Bread Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Knights=Silicon Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbord=Norbord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowon=Cowon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty_Inc.=Ty Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voxx_International=Voxx International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuckey's=Stuckey's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spar_(retailer)=Spar (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatburger=Fatburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Research=Sinclair Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Commons=Arts Commons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordisk_Film=Nordisk Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Link=D-Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Cola=Double Cola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Consultants=Cambridge Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabiru_Aircraft=Jabiru Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Black_&_Decker=Stanley Black & Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Computer_Entertainment=Sony Computer Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Manufacturing=Dunlop Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurin_&_Klement=Laurin & Klement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idealab=Idealab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahoo!_Search_Marketing=Yahoo! Search Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft_Designs=Aircraft Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Interactive=Virgin Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukoil=Lukoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonex_Aircraft=Sonex Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Satyam=Mahindra Satyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Broadcasters=Grant Broadcasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COSCO=COSCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collector's_Mint=National Collector's Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_News=CBC News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placer_Dome=Placer Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Edison=Commonwealth Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerfer=Aerfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Einstein=Baby Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Lion=Food Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbrella_Corporation=Umbrella Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shop_Direct_Group=Shop Direct Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamm's_Brewery=Hamm's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagdasarian_Productions=Bagdasarian Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Harvester=International Harvester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerial_Service=Aerial Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Aircraft=Cirrus Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Ichi_Software=Nippon Ichi Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolliger_&_Mabillard=Bolliger & Mabillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphibian_Airplanes_of_Canada=Amphibian Airplanes of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._B._Rogers_Silver_Co.=F. B. Rogers Silver Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTS_(network_provider)=MTS (network provider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_Czech=2K Czech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulster_Transport_Authority=Ulster Transport Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Lots=Big Lots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_Group=Stagecoach Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollar_Tree=Dollar Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebMD=WebMD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient_Lines=Orient Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Cruise_Line=Norwegian Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aces_High_Light_Aircraft=Aces High Light Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKesson_Corporation=McKesson Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Health=Cardinal Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telehouse_Europe=Telehouse Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Trucks=Sterling Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Diesel=Detroit Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTU_Friedrichshafen=MTU Friedrichshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Electric_Motorcars=Global Electric Motorcars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setra=Setra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namesys=Namesys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMR_Corporation=AMR Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saks,_Inc.=Saks, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingles=Ingles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerce_Bancshares=Commerce Bancshares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Service_Enterprise_Group=Public Service Enterprise Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altran=Altran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diemaco=Diemaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Melli_Iran=Bank Melli Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._Torre_&_Company,_Inc.=R. Torre & Company, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Horsemen_Studios=Four Horsemen Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Cruises=Star Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosler_Automotive=Mosler Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Hellenic=Swan Hellenic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Foods=Post Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonex=Yonex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolseley_plc=Wolseley plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cendant=Cendant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macmillan_Publishers=Macmillan Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodham_Brothers=Woodham Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Examination_Debate_Association=Cross Examination Debate Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slimming_World=Slimming World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anschutz_Entertainment_Group=Anschutz Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technopark,_Trivandrum=Technopark, Trivandrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nacho_King!=Nacho King!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookville_Equipment_Corporation=Brookville Equipment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getrag=Getrag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_Ticonderoga_Company=Dixon Ticonderoga Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZF_Friedrichshafen=ZF Friedrichshafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutual_of_Omaha=Mutual of Omaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacuzzi=Jacuzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityNews=CityNews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Television=Warner Bros. Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rank_Group=The Rank Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobu_Railway=Tobu Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerry_Group=Kerry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battersea_Dogs_&_Cats_Home=Battersea Dogs & Cats Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Power=Paddy Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Cane's_Chicken_Fingers=Raising Cane's Chicken Fingers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KB_Kookmin_Bank=KB Kookmin Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwajimaya=Uwajimaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icom_Incorporated=Icom Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Soup_for_the_Soul=Chicken Soup for the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_Software_International=Delphine Software International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo_Nordisk=Novo Nordisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Networks=Terra Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braun_(company)=Braun (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebEx=WebEx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedEx_Ground=FedEx Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruti_Suzuki=Maruti Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SM_Supermalls=SM Supermalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofitel_Luxury_Hotels=Sofitel Luxury Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InFocus=InFocus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alienware=Alienware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Chilcott=Warner Chilcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodexo=Sodexo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loompanics=Loompanics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolworths_Group=Woolworths Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Heijn=Albert Heijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnock's=Tunnock's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuzmultfilm=Soyuzmultfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGC_(cinema_operator)=UGC (cinema operator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cummins=Cummins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softwin=Softwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Boero=Aero Boero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Group=S Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerocar_International=Aerocar International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Honor=Ring of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelephone=Pelephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deluxe_Records=Deluxe Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entergy=Entergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worth1000=Worth1000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lands'_End=Lands' End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TurboJET=TurboJET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Software=Progress Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Stewart_Living_Omnimedia=Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natsume_(company)=Natsume (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Music_Entertainment=Sony Music Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_of_the_Sea=Chicken of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AP_Films=AP Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkem=Elkem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Hollywood=Planet Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogares_CREA=Hogares CREA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interfleet_Technology_Limited=Interfleet Technology Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mott_MacDonald=Mott MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Triathlon_Corporation=World Triathlon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citi_Private_Bank=Citi Private Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nielsen_N.V.=Nielsen N.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burberry=Burberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtra-vision=Xtra-vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Studios=Marvel Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roto-Rooter=Roto-Rooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappan_(brand)=Tappan (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frigidaire=Frigidaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Electric=Mitsubishi Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvinator=Kelvinator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Reflections=Ubisoft Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoia_Capital=Sequoia Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repsol=Repsol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Maxell=Hitachi Maxell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardock=Stardock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steak_'n_Shake=Steak 'n Shake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiveText=LiveText
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enercon=Enercon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eos_Press=Eos Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSM_(company)=DSM (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_Unlimited=Spark Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Designers'_Workshop=Game Designers' Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiko_Epson=Seiko Epson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warp_Films=Warp Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_&_Taylor=Lord & Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Semiconductor=Nordic Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_D._Little=Arthur D. Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_River_Systems=Wind River Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remedy_Entertainment=Remedy Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_H._Soul_Pattinson=Washington H. Soul Pattinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrightbus=Wrightbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KlingStubbins=KlingStubbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Medical_Response=American Medical Response
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benchmade=Benchmade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merseytravel=Merseytravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&Q=B&Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Sound=Ministry of Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_(retailer)=Zara (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Store=Disney Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Bahama=Tommy Bahama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams-Sonoma=Williams-Sonoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avinor=Avinor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embraco=Embraco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norinco=Norinco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_Inn=Days Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSL_Limited=CSL Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_La_Rue=De La Rue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Dennis=Alexander Dennis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wightlink=Wightlink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komplett=Komplett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google=Google
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKN_Orlen=PKN Orlen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Post_Office=New Zealand Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwinn_Bicycle_Company=Schwinn Bicycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home_(store)=At Home (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_&_Associates=Johnny & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warehouse_Group=The Warehouse Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Motor_Bus=China Motor Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_First_Ferry=New World First Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Posts=India Posts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Funnel=Red Funnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_UPS_Store=The UPS Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Software_Design=Berkeley Software Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Tinto_Group=Rio Tinto Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Amatil=Coca-Cola Amatil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebMethods=WebMethods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carr's=Carr's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Motor_Company=Prince Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Aerospace_Industries=Israel Aerospace Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_Center=Guitar Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Creatures_Brewery=Little Creatures Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyson_Foods=Tyson Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargill_Cotton=Cargill Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiewit_Corporation=Kiewit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newmont_Mining_Corporation=Newmont Mining Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argonaut_Games=Argonaut Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuten=Rakuten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Prophecy=Voice of Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Roadshow_Pictures=Village Roadshow Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearers_and_Rural_Workers'_Union=Shearers and Rural Workers' Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyts=Hoyts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Angel=Digital Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Home_Stores=British Home Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Exchange=New Zealand Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene_King_Brewery=Greene King Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_Dynamics=Arrow Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F-Secure=F-Secure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Post=Picture Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vizrt=Vizrt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codemasters=Codemasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Tanabe_Pharma=Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Oriental_Hotel_Group=Mandarin Oriental Hotel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Entertainment_Resorts=Trump Entertainment Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABRSM=ABRSM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTR_Corporation=MTR Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenaga_Nasional=Tenaga Nasional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valid_(engraving_company)=Valid (engraving company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Equipment_Company=Associated Equipment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macintosh_Business_Unit=Macintosh Business Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Gino's=Papa Gino's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDU_University_College=KDU University College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey's_Neighbourhood_Bar_&_Grill=Kelsey's Neighbourhood Bar & Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana's_Cookhouse=Montana's Cookhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Security=Panda Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeline_Software_International=Adeline Software International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Automation=Rockwell Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Studios=WWE Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocom=Eurocom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candover_Investments=Candover Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austar=Austar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Union_of_Geological_Sciences=International Union of Geological Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hancock_Financial=John Hancock Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garmin=Garmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VTech=VTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakey's_Pizza=Shakey's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetDevil=NetDevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Electric=Lincoln Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangler_(jeans)=Wrangler (jeans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin's_Magic=Marvin's Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BusinessObjects=BusinessObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavin=Wavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythic_Entertainment=Mythic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronas=Petronas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noritake=Noritake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferranti=Ferranti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Hrvatski_Telekom=T-Hrvatski Telekom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlson_Companies=Carlson Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.G.I._Friday's=T.G.I. Friday's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Group_Holdings=Reynolds Group Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Man_(company)=Music Man (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_and_Data=Switch and Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_UFO_Research_Association=British UFO Research Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADC_Telecommunications=ADC Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novagen_Software=Novagen Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Dutch=Von Dutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_Factory=The Logic Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jouef=Jouef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Criterion_Collection=The Criterion Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Rubber=Avon Rubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gremlin_Interactive=Gremlin Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merv_Griffin_Enterprises=Merv Griffin Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klipsch_Audio_Technologies=Klipsch Audio Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivo_(telecommunications)=Vivo (telecommunications)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Dolomiti=Air Dolomiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&C_Comics=M&C Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGCO=AGCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K_Line=K Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marubeni=Marubeni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuho_Financial_Strategy=Mizuho Financial Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokio_Marine_Nichido=Tokio Marine Nichido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruchan=Maruchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokio_Marine=Tokio Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinamic_Multimedia=Dinamic Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinamic_Software=Dinamic Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenwood_Corporation=Kenwood Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_Development=Arrow Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterContinental_Hotels_Group=InterContinental Hotels Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SimEx-Iwerks=SimEx-Iwerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accor=Accor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S3_Graphics=S3 Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alps_Electric=Alps Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synaptics=Synaptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Pointe_Yacht_Club=Grosse Pointe Yacht Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Music_Electronic_Company=Orange Music Electronic Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_of_the_Unicorn=Mark of the Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vail_Resorts=Vail Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danjaq=Danjaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janus_Films=Janus Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Rent-A-Car=Enterprise Rent-A-Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Malaysia=Telekom Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bursa_Malaysia=Bursa Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MMM_(Ponzi_scheme_company)=MMM (Ponzi scheme company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mittal_Steel_Company=Mittal Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rouse_Company=The Rouse Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNL_Studios=SNL Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Classics=DreamWorks Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivendi=Vivendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asymmetric_Publications=Asymmetric Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_News=BBC News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd-AO=Todd-AO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revell=Revell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Gold=U.S. Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santos_(company)=Santos (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migros=Migros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On2_Technologies=On2 Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telcordia_Technologies=Telcordia Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UnionBanCal_Corporation=UnionBanCal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graftgold=Graftgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerfield=Somerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMV=HMV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Development_Bank=China Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_(Hong_Kong)=Bank of China (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganz_Works=Ganz Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunslet_Engine_Company=Hunslet Engine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V/Line=V/Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampers=Pampers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratfor=Stratfor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InXile_Entertainment=InXile Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Rotem=Hyundai Rotem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spode=Spode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Foundry=Vulcan Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Smith_(retailer)=Dick Smith (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aixam=Aixam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Management_Systems=American Management Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottega_Veneta=Bottega Veneta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansui_Electric=Sansui Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Dion-Bouton=De Dion-Bouton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Useful_Group=Really Useful Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brambles_Limited=Brambles Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabre_Corporation=Sabre Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teradyne=Teradyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briggs_&_Stratton=Briggs & Stratton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lik_Sang=Lik Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Corporation=Wayne Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McVitie's=McVitie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printronix=Printronix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_M=BMW M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaxton=Plaxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_Comics=Malibu Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augmentation_Research_Center=Augmentation Research Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Valley_Railway=Eden Valley Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Plus=E-Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marconi_Company=Marconi Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_Films=Carnival Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lobster_(restaurant)=Red Lobster (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Plastics=Mitsubishi Plastics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinker_Group=Rinker Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst,_Haggin,_Tevis_and_Co.=Hearst, Haggin, Tevis and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Comic_Distributors=Diamond Comic Distributors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengen_(company)=Tengen (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemco=Kemco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Teddy_Bear_Company=Vermont Teddy Bear Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunn_Poly=Lunn Poly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowne_Plaza=Crowne Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lend_Lease_Group=Lend Lease Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Extremes=Digital Extremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RentPath=RentPath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOMO=LOMO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drury_Hotels=Drury Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBCUniversal_Television_Group=NBCUniversal Television Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRS_Guitars=PRS Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Interactive_Studios=Disney Interactive Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orica=Orica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Schwab_Corporation=Charles Schwab Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._&_J._Clark=C. & J. Clark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadowsky=Sadowsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlemaine_Perkins=Castlemaine Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sergio_Rossi=Sergio Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boucheron=Boucheron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDA_Space_Missions=MDA Space Missions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra_State_Electricity_Board=Maharashtra State Electricity Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbox=Redbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubb_Corp.=Chubb Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_CheilJedang=CJ CheilJedang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimpton_Hotels_&_Restaurants=Kimpton Hotels & Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_California_Edison=Southern California Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlpool_Corporation=Whirlpool Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjin=Hanjin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chili's=Chili's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_Europe=Chrysler Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer_Motors=Singer Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbaud=Blackbaud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delage=Delage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Economic_Geologists=Society of Economic Geologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torstar=Torstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NovaLogic=NovaLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Group=SK Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerson_Electric=Emerson Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Comics=Pacific Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LDV_Group=LDV Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steyr_Tractor=Steyr Tractor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip_Skateboards=Flip Skateboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starblaze_Graphics=Starblaze Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darden_Restaurants=Darden Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Lux=Trans-Lux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederator_Studios=Frederator Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Circle_(company)=Golden Circle (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OXO_(brand)=OXO (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMP_Limited=AMP Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FremantleMedia=FremantleMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Augustine_Bridge_Company=St. Augustine Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnStar=OnStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JBL=JBL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Investment_Management=Generation Investment Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoverspeed=Hoverspeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JUSCO=JUSCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiron_Corporation=Chiron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Records_(defunct_record_label)=Universal Records (defunct record label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokogawa_Electric=Yokogawa Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuit=Intuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wurlitzer=Wurlitzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amcor=Amcor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_Canal_Company=Suez Canal Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIBC_World_Markets=CIBC World Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convergys=Convergys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkiv_Morozov_Machine_Building_Design_Bureau=Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodenbach_Brewery=Rodenbach Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrozzeria_Touring=Carrozzeria Touring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Bikes=Marin Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waves_Audio=Waves Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynegy=Dynegy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Lung_Bank=Wing Lung Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ComfortDelGro=ComfortDelGro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pi_Studios=Pi Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forum_Communications=Forum Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_Communications=Tokai Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Lore_Entertainment=Iron Lore Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IAC_(company)=IAC (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiffany_&_Co.=Tiffany & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underwood_Typewriter_Company=Underwood Typewriter Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodside_Petroleum=Woodside Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_Electric_Railways_and_Heliopolis_Oases_Company=Cairo Electric Railways and Heliopolis Oases Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacheron_Constantin=Vacheron Constantin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestige_Records=Prestige Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaget_SA=Piaget SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimps=Dimps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Software=Ocean Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeros=Aeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Off=Best Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_Order=Guardians of Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittaker's=Whittaker's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palladium_Books=Palladium Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netgear=Netgear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosler=Nosler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Remote_Control=Japan Remote Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.G._Conn=C.G. Conn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egg_Banking=Egg Banking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMC_Software=BMC Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peregrine_Systems=Peregrine Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PDVSA=PDVSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSX_Corporation=CSX Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuang_Yi=Chuang Yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VEF=VEF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Imagineering=Walt Disney Imagineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synanon=Synanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LKAB=LKAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carphone_Warehouse=Carphone Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Express=Vision Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Island=River Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specsavers=Specsavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Guitars=Jackson Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollei=Rollei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biba=Biba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DONG_Energy=DONG Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WaRP_Graphics=WaRP Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nav_Canada=Nav Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Industries=Santa Fe Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune_Broadcasting=Tribune Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemex=Cemex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedway_LLC=Speedway LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Petroleum=Marathon Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Imaging_Research=Wilhelm Imaging Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paiste=Paiste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tama_Drums=Tama Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Dutch_Foods=Old Dutch Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nat_Sherman=Nat Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AZLK=AZLK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Summers=Ann Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardent_Studios=Ardent Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navantia=Navantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar=Sinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevys_Fresh_Mex=Chevys Fresh Mex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADP,_LLC=ADP, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PepsiCo=PepsiCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loews_Corporation=Loews Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bend_Company=West Bend Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Radio_Network=Japan Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprecher_Brewery=Sprecher Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellona_Foundation=Bellona Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonzo_(company)=Gonzo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deseret_Management_Corporation=Deseret Management Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonneville_International=Bonneville International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_UK=Marvel UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathering_of_Developers=Gathering of Developers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Mobile=Siemens Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuanian_Railways=Lithuanian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Asia_Technical_Automotive_Center=Pan Asia Technical Automotive Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUI_Group=TUI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Cow_Productions=Baby Cow Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayres_Corporation=Ayres Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menards=Menards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Marui=Tokyo Marui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovation_Guitar_Company=Ovation Guitar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_Software_Planning=Camelot Software Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Corp=LG Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proto_Motors=Proto Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmor=Ilmor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordini=Gordini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repco=Repco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaycar=Jaycar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VM_Motori=VM Motori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixt=Sixt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hongkong_and_Shanghai_Banking_Corporation=The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilkington=Pilkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_Enterprises=Playboy Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Foods=General Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Element_14_(company)=Element 14 (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teledyne_DALSA=Teledyne DALSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LECO_Corporation=LECO Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Arms=Raven Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaDefender=MediaDefender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etoniah_Canal_and_Drainage_Company=Etoniah Canal and Drainage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beagle_Bros=Beagle Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binatone=Binatone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/989_Studios=989 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corporate_Executive_Board_Company=The Corporate Executive Board Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Teeter=Harris Teeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vans=Vans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Mountain_Sports=Eastern Mountain Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_International_Research=Institute for International Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legg_Mason=Legg Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offenhauser=Offenhauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_State_Railways=Polish State Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boost_Mobile=Boost Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_City=Party City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron's,_Inc.=Aaron's, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stinson_Aircraft_Company=Stinson Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeMade_Entertainment=WeMade Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARO=ARO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boscov's=Boscov's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicks=Vicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shasta_(soft_drink)=Shasta (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Broadcasting_System=Nippon Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OfficeMax=OfficeMax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_Club=Price Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonor=Sonor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretsch=Gretsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFIP=UFIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kino_International_(company)=Kino International (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Speedway_Corporation=International Speedway Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongkong_Post=Hongkong Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_Chef=Burger Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wychwood_Brewery=Wychwood Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillus_Cutlery_Company=Camillus Cutlery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Boy_Restaurants=Big Boy Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Barn_(restaurant)=Red Barn (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troublemaker_Studios=Troublemaker Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_Cabana=Taco Cabana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexel=Rexel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wrestling_All-Stars=World Wrestling All-Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datel=Datel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceline.com=Priceline.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_Gas_&_Electric=Oklahoma Gas & Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titleist=Titleist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_Entertainment=Kaleidoscope Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culver's=Culver's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Spot=White Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Digital_Cinema_Camera_Company=Red Digital Cinema Camera Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baja_Fresh=Baja Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RailAmerica=RailAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosley_Broadcasting_Corporation=Crosley Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clickteam=Clickteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohn_Pedersen_Fox=Kohn Pedersen Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba_Hydro=Manitoba Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versata=Versata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Home_Video=Warner Home Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckman_Coulter=Beckman Coulter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Foods=HP Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roke_Manor_Research=Roke Manor Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tellabs=Tellabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Air=Lion Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sesa_Sterlite_Limited=Sesa Sterlite Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermalright=Thermalright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norges_Bank=Norges Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAST_USA=JAST USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Drums=Rogers Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colnago=Colnago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_Squad=Geek Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accoona=Accoona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTR_plc=NTR plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt_Renfrew=Holt Renfrew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covansys_Corporation=Covansys Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheesecake_Factory=The Cheesecake Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcap_Radio=Newcap Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bpost=Bpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellasi=Bellasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Suzuki_Foundation=David Suzuki Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenaris=Tenaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Bank_of_Canada=Unity Bank of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_Face=The North Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker's_Supermarkets=Baker's Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intamin=Intamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Records=Tower Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Roman=Film Roman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factor_5=Factor 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcana_Studio=Arcana Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Megatrends=American Megatrends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fore_River_Shipyard=Fore River Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodrive=Prodrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Customs=West Coast Customs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinachem_Group=Chinachem Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Key_Comics=Gold Key Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximus_Inc.=Maximus Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puget_Sound_Energy=Puget Sound Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Rockets=Johnny Rockets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofmap=Sofmap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adtranz=Adtranz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathmos=Mathmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armitage_Shanks=Armitage Shanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empacher=Empacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Aylings=Lola Aylings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myspace=Myspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meralco=Meralco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EB_Games=EB Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perley_A._Thomas_Car_Works=Perley A. Thomas Car Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_(retailer)=Game (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Built_Buses=Thomas Built Buses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockland=Stockland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altec_Lansing=Altec Lansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lite-On=Lite-On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marantz=Marantz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powell_and_Pressburger=Powell and Pressburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenter_Body_Company=Carpenter Body Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Bus=Nova Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIPA=SAIPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_the_People=Bank of the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunns=Gunns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanx=Spanx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaji_Telefilms=Balaji Telefilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Lee_Corporation=Sara Lee Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acronis=Acronis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhn,_Loeb_&_Co.=Kuhn, Loeb & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benchmark_(venture_capital_firm)=Benchmark (venture capital firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Ad_Systems=Nihon Ad Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohner=Hohner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Gas_Light_Company=Australian Gas Light Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Industries=Brother Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_Steinar=Thor Steinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiny_Entertainment=Shiny Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's=Hudson's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Rocket's=Eddie Rocket's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Equipment_Co-op=Mountain Equipment Co-op
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makro=Makro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canopus_Corporation=Canopus Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Insurance_Company_of_China=People's Insurance Company of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daiwa_Securities_Group=Daiwa Securities Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venture_Stores=Venture Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Bank_International=CITIC Bank International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dun_&_Bradstreet=Dun & Bradstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Monte_Kenya=Del Monte Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayala_Corporation=Ayala Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play.com=Play.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroplan=Aeroplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ADT_Corporation=The ADT Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harveys_Supermarkets=Harveys Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny's_BBQ=Sonny's BBQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSC_Cruises=MSC Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PA_Consulting_Group=PA Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumulus_Media=Cumulus Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Motors=Asia Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiyu_(retailer)=Seiyu (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutz_AG=Deutz AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delahaye=Delahaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCL_Corporation=TCL Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cia._Hering=Cia. Hering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NFL_Films=NFL Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Group=Fairchild Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yara_International=Yara International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuraray=Kuraray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bi-Mart=Bi-Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Enterprises=Coca-Cola Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_HBC_AG=Coca-Cola HBC AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Senshu_Bank=The Senshu Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton's=Dayton's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PetroChina=PetroChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajinomoto=Ajinomoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNCASE=SNCASE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meitetsu=Meitetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMV=OMV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Japan=BBC Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuganskneftegaz=Yuganskneftegaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Cash_and_Carry=Metro Cash and Carry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Technologies=Allegheny Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gearbox_Software=Gearbox Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransMolecular=TransMolecular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exelixis=Exelixis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agip=Agip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Studios_(division)=The Walt Disney Studios (division)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Music_Group=Disney Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadia=Sadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motor_Sales,_U.S.A.,_Inc.=Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyder_Consulting=Hyder Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inotek=Inotek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmBev=AmBev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapporo_Brewery=Sapporo Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Animation_Studios=Walt Disney Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_Equity_Partners=Providence Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warburg_Pincus=Warburg Pincus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Sugar=Imperial Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P._F._Chang's_China_Bistro=P. F. Chang's China Bistro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Films=MTV Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickelodeon_Movies=Nickelodeon Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_(company)=Suez (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_N.V.=TNT N.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osram=Osram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infraero=Infraero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Am_Systems=Pan Am Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live365=Live365
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_Entertainment=Imagine Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicco=Chicco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&M_Meat_Shops=M&M Meat Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bitmap_Brothers=The Bitmap Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Entertainment_Analysis_&_Development=Nintendo Entertainment Analysis & Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janus_Capital_Group=Janus Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakks_Pacific=Jakks Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimbels=Gimbels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsman_Corporation=Huntsman Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emaar_Properties=Emaar Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAETEC_Holding_Corp.=PAETEC Holding Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muji=Muji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swatch=Swatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Dior_S.A.=Christian Dior S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gowlings=Gowlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosneft=Rosneft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashua_Corporation=Nashua Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Micro=Ingram Micro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Motor_Car_Company=Jordan Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Scientific=Boston Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlasic_Pickles=Vlasic Pickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Biggest_Bookstore=World's Biggest Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenham_Lake_Ice_Company=Wenham Lake Ice Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Broadcasting_Corporation=Asahi Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Industries=Toyota Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Grid_Corporation_of_China=State Grid Corporation of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naughty_Dog=Naughty Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_Tecnica_International=Subaru Tecnica International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arup_Group_Limited=Arup Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrof=Petrof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Rocketry=National Association of Rocketry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPI_Media_Group=MPI Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheraton_Hotels_and_Resorts=Sheraton Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interorbital_Systems=Interorbital Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satra=Satra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot_Creamery=Cabot Creamery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile_USA=Virgin Mobile USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siebel_Systems=Siebel Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perlan_Project=Perlan Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downer_EDI=Downer EDI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinopec=Sinopec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordion=Nordion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IronMind=IronMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesuvius_plc=Vesuvius plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai_Telecasting_Corporation=Kansai Telecasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tohoku_Broadcasting_Company=Tohoku Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_Radio_Broadcasting=Tokai Radio Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokuriku_Broadcasting_Company=Hokuriku Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainichi_Broadcasting_System=Mainichi Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yomiuri_Telecasting_Corporation=Yomiuri Telecasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresdner_Kleinwort=Dresdner Kleinwort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritter_Sport=Ritter Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Laser_Games=American Laser Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Theatres=Century Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shizuoka_Broadcasting_System=Shizuoka Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aomori_Broadcasting_Corporation=Aomori Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Broadcasting_System=Akita Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamagata_Broadcasting_Company=Yamagata Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Broadcasting_Corporation=Osaka Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Knives=Buck Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alumina_Limited=Alumina Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday_Morning=Tuesday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweizer_Aircraft=Schweizer Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Parks_and_Resorts=Walt Disney Parks and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessops=Jessops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPL_Communications=MPL Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautica_(clothing_company)=Nautica (clothing company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARINC=ARINC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rentrak=Rentrak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_the_Record_Man=Sam the Record Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Cultural_Broadcasting=Nippon Cultural Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCC_Ueshima_Coffee_Co.=UCC Ueshima Coffee Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransGaming=TransGaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroglyph_Games=Petroglyph Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Slovensko=Orange Slovensko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavic=Mavic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis_Car_Company=St. Louis Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipcar=Zipcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deckers_Outdoor_Corporation=Deckers Outdoor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Sands=Las Vegas Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbit_Systems=Elbit Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cablevision=Cablevision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Trustee_Services_Bank=Japan Trustee Services Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_Trust_Bank_of_Japan=The Master Trust Bank of Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Drums=Pearl Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCBY=TCBY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_Global_Services=IBM Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Games=Target Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elex_Media_Komputindo=Elex Media Komputindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_Bueno=Taco Bueno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo_American_plc=Anglo American plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Comics=Harvey Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Parks_&_Resorts=Universal Parks & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Hat_Brewing_Company=Magic Hat Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PopCap_Games=PopCap Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gammon_Construction=Gammon Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Intelligent_Platforms=GE Intelligent Platforms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yulon=Yulon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BP_Canada=BP Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Radio_Hong_Kong=Commercial Radio Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediterranean_Shipping_Company=Mediterranean Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_City_Corp.=National City Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BB&T=BB&T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toto_Ltd.=Toto Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penske_Truck_Leasing=Penske Truck Leasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParknShop=ParknShop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Home_Loans=Bank of America Home Loans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccarat_(company)=Baccarat (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantar_Worldpanel=Kantar Worldpanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Choppers=West Coast Choppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Telecom=Hong Kong Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messier-Bugatti-Dowty=Messier-Bugatti-Dowty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Board_Options_Exchange=Chicago Board Options Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonsdale_(clothing)=Lonsdale (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkin'_Brands=Dunkin' Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intellectual_Ventures=Intellectual Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Television_Stations=Fox Television Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoplait=Yoplait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huggies=Huggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VINCI=VINCI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countrywide=Countrywide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Systems=Berkeley Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Television=20th Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacia_Research=Acacia Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razorfish_(company)=Razorfish (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchards=Hatchards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEGA=WEGA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crombie_(clothing)=Crombie (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netto_(store)=Netto (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budgens=Budgens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unibanco=Unibanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GS_Yuasa=GS Yuasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Controls=Johnson Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amersham_plc=Amersham plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solectron=Solectron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Petroleum_Investment_Company=International Petroleum Investment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Train=M-Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chery=Chery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_Industrial_Development_Corporation=Aerospace Industrial Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsquare_Media=Townsquare Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bendix_Corporation=Bendix Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyr_Sport,_Inc.=Tyr Sport, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocado=Ocado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RS_McColl=RS McColl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Communications=Salem Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terma_A/S=Terma A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universo_Online=Universo Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WESCO_International=WESCO International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_Time=Burger Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purolator_Inc.=Purolator Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui_Sumitomo_Insurance_Group=Mitsui Sumitomo Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichi_Steel=Aichi Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educational_Media_Foundation=Educational Media Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acxiom=Acxiom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Radio=China National Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmarts=Karmarts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotta_Fraschini=Isotta Fraschini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Zone_Wrestling=Combat Zone Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaisala=Vaisala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshkosh_Corporation=Oshkosh Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Johnson=Doc Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_Tico=Taco Tico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baosteel=Baosteel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TimeGate_Studios=TimeGate Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booster_Juice=Booster Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morningstar,_Inc.=Morningstar, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETA_SA=ETA SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly's=Friendly's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_DIY=Focus DIY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collective,_Inc.=The Collective, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacom_(company)=Wacom (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkane_Studios=Arkane Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACE_Limited=ACE Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_North=Delaware North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodanyaku=Sodanyaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Studios_Australia=Fox Studios Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASICS=ASICS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Sports=Brooks Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circa_(company)=Circa (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carsey-Werner_Company=The Carsey-Werner Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_Mas_Group=Sinar Mas Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Comics=Raj Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooster_Teeth=Rooster Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montblanc_(company)=Montblanc (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PPL_(utility)=PPL (utility)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seibu_Kaihatsu=Seibu Kaihatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miele=Miele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoreStates_Financial_Corporation=CoreStates Financial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorris_Motors_Corporation=Dorris Motors Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterContinental=InterContinental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Leeds=Rockstar Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Toronto=Rockstar Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_San_Diego=Rockstar San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Corp.=Allied Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_University_Fund=Permanent University Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tastykake=Tastykake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Challenge=Fletcher Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digium=Digium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iiyama_(company)=Iiyama (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Ruin_Records=Man's Ruin Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickard_China=Pickard China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Minds=Applied Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Genome_Sciences=Human Genome Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equitrac=Equitrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Disneyland_Resort=Hong Kong Disneyland Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Schools_Foundation=English Schools Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Stewardship_Council=Marine Stewardship Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innis_&_Gunn=Innis & Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_&_Lyle=Tate & Lyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Century_Regional_Developments_Limited=Pacific Century Regional Developments Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gudang_Garam=Gudang Garam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigelow_Tea_Company=Bigelow Tea Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkinson_Sword=Wilkinson Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Hung_Kai_Properties=Sun Hung Kai Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsoft=Kingsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitec=Fujitec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.C._Rich=B.C. Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerojet=Aerojet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hovis=Hovis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamCatcher_Interactive=DreamCatcher Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamba_Juice=Jamba Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doner_Company=Doner Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beiersdorf=Beiersdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_D's=Captain D's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avid_Audio=Avid Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cineworld=Cineworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TBS_Radio_&_Communications=TBS Radio & Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Seasonings=Celestial Seasonings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McNally_Robinson=McNally Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana-Pacific=Louisiana-Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_British_East_Africa_Company=Imperial British East Africa Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisalign=Invisalign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldor=Caldor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Midland_Bank=Marine Midland Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeedFerries=SpeedFerries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shure=Shure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMG,_Inc.=EMG, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Dog_on_a_Stick=Hot Dog on a Stick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigabyte_Technology=Gigabyte Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradlees=Bradlees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrational_Games=Irrational Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Cars=Bitter Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampm=Ampm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Northwest=Falcon Northwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Aichi_Broadcasting=Television Aichi Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab_Initio_Software=Ab Initio Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotpoint=Hotpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peet's_Coffee_&_Tea=Peet's Coffee & Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Entertainment_Group=Regal Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loadhaul=Loadhaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transrail_Freight=Transrail Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainline_Freight=Mainline Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peerless_Motor_Company=Peerless Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Telegraphic_Agency=Jewish Telegraphic Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemic_Studios=Pandemic Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firehouse_Subs=Firehouse Subs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saber_Interactive=Saber Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Repeating_Arms_Company=U.S. Repeating Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordhavn_(yacht)=Nordhavn (yacht)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_&_Shop=Stop & Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banpresto=Banpresto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Television_Network=Odyssey Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Amplification=Marshall Amplification
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Railways_Organisation=Hellenic Railways Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodexo_Justice_Services=Sodexo Justice Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobby_Lobby=Hobby Lobby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balenciaga=Balenciaga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_Roadhouse=Logan's Roadhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Market_(Texas)=Central Market (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterdisk=Masterdisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Assurance_International=Quality Assurance International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strider_Knives=Strider Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Gold_USA=Harmony Gold USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondragon_Corporation=Mondragon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SubLOGIC=SubLOGIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Motor_Corporation=China Motor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babolat=Babolat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrill=Skrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TDC_A/S=TDC A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FANUC=FANUC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eniro=Eniro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&S_Worldwide=S&S Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Boogie=Mesa Boogie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LifeWay_Christian_Resources=LifeWay Christian Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Bach_Corporation=Vincent Bach Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus_Cards_Limited=Octopus Cards Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru_of_America=Subaru of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeyman_Pictures=Journeyman Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Electric=Schneider Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thwaites_Brewery=Thwaites Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welch's=Welch's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMG_Radio=GMG Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weihrauch=Weihrauch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyworks_Solutions=Skyworks Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afilias=Afilias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GCI_(company)=GCI (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oris_(company)=Oris (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godiva_Chocolatier=Godiva Chocolatier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwait_Oil_Company=Kuwait Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genes_Reunited=Genes Reunited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Associates=Extreme Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrotrin=Petrotrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspyr=Aspyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpetual_Entertainment=Perpetual Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbach_Flugmotoren=Limbach Flugmotoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Metro=Seoul Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuller's_Brewery=Fuller's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_International_Employers=Federation of International Employers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oi_(telecommunications)=Oi (telecommunications)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telasi=Telasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FranklinCovey=FranklinCovey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versatile_(company)=Versatile (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermenegildo_Zegna=Ermenegildo Zegna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Brewing_Company=Victory Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herman_Miller_(manufacturer)=Herman Miller (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ableton=Ableton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JCDecaux=JCDecaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Blues=House of Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmerisourceBergen=AmerisourceBergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuller_Brush_Company=Fuller Brush Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha_Steaks=Omaha Steaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronto_Pup=Pronto Pup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_19=Building 19
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Angel=Sky Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAKO=SAKO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-CAS=B-CAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Uberti,_Srl.=A. Uberti, Srl.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kid_Brands=Kid Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gargoyle_Games=Gargoyle Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Oil=Marathon Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroStrategy=MicroStrategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_Ranch=Burger Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D&W_Fresh_Market=D&W Fresh Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Ami_Company=Bon Ami Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayfinder=Wayfinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_(company)=Gravity (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Selangor=Royal Selangor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwik_Save=Kwik Save
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAMI_Automotive=CAMI Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daktronics=Daktronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno-Watch_Basel=Zeno-Watch Basel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu_Siemens_Computers=Fujitsu Siemens Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Power_Corporation=National Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_Bank_of_the_Philippines=Development Bank of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Telecom=Globe Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstream_Concord_Telephone=Windstream Concord Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amblimation=Amblimation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alken-Maes=Alken-Maes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Bank_of_the_Philippines=Land Bank of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindred_Healthcare=Kindred Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spudulike=Spudulike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattersalls=Tattersalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Investment_Authority=Abu Dhabi Investment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlitz_Corporation=Berlitz Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Central_Huijin=China Central Huijin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Farms=Cumberland Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dippin'_Dots=Dippin' Dots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Family_Insurance=American Family Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiba_Bank=Chiba Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliance_Auto=Brilliance Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYD_Auto=BYD Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okayama_Broadcasting=Okayama Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slingerland_Drum_Company=Slingerland Drum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stayhealthy=Stayhealthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turck=Turck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrica=Centrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent_Seven_Seas_Cruises=Regent Seven Seas Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimota=Bimota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Atomics=General Atomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_(eikaiwa)=Nova (eikaiwa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEOS_(eikaiwa)=GEOS (eikaiwa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShopRite_(United_States)=ShopRite (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukuxumusu=Kukuxumusu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_Pictures=Company Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrandov_Studios=Barrandov Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.J._Newberry=J.J. Newberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_&_Company=New York & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweizerische_Industrie_Gesellschaft=Schweizerische Industrie Gesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartz=Dartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Arms=Olympic Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimber_Manufacturing=Kimber Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Incorporated=Cotton Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agropur=Agropur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRJ_Group=NRJ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_Power_&_Light=Indianapolis Power & Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populous_(company)=Populous (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_Motion_Pictures=Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitr_Phol=Mitr Phol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster's_Brewery=Webster's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Internet_City=Dubai Internet City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smit_International=Smit International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scott_Motorcycle_Company=The Scott Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnsaldoBreda=AnsaldoBreda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Greenland=Air Greenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Haul=U-Haul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Petroleum=Hellenic Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakarta_Stock_Exchange=Jakarta Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soltam_Systems=Soltam Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektron_(company)=Elektron (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Software=Superior Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castorama=Castorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_UK=Vodafone UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirin_Company=Kirin Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubycon_Corporation=Rubycon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKee_Foods=McKee Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Software_Technology=Nintendo Software Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Aluminum_Co.=Mitsubishi Aluminum Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Gas_Chemical_Company=Mitsubishi Gas Chemical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Chemical_Corporation=Mitsubishi Chemical Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_General=Media General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Seas_Entertainment=Seven Seas Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfair_Games=Mayfair Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansk_Supermarked_A/S=Dansk Supermarked A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisin_Seiki_Co.=Aisin Seiki Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwig_Drums=Ludwig Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conn-Selmer=Conn-Selmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGA_(supermarkets)=IGA (supermarkets)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formosa_Plastics_Group=Formosa Plastics Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nero_AG=Nero AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateme=Ateme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Corp_Australia=News Corp Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Sanchar_Nigam_Limited=Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allders=Allders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Group=Toll Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_&_United_Breweries=Carlton & United Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMG_(company)=IMG (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich_Union=Norwich Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Oil=Nippon Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redpath_Sugar=Redpath Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Cellular=Houston Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semantic_Research=Semantic Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemesis=Gemesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagasaki_Smart_Card=Nagasaki Smart Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napster_(pay_service)=Napster (pay service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_&_Olufsen=Bang & Olufsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Percussion=Premier Percussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeCODE_genetics=DeCODE genetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Maps=Google Maps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Guitars=Dean Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongkong_Land=Hongkong Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EdCast=EdCast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Diagnostics=Quest Diagnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucky_Foot_Productions=Mucky Foot Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_(watchmaker)=Zenith (watchmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spector=Spector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transocean=Transocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Logic=Animal Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSA_International=PSA International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borsheim's_Fine_Jewelry=Borsheim's Fine Jewelry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Drug=Mercury Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuros_Technology=Neuros Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Abril=Grupo Abril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breguet_Aviation=Breguet Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obolon_CJSC=Obolon CJSC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland_Motor_Car_Company=Oakland Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonstone_Books=Moonstone Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edutopia=Edutopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Comics=Broadway Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplot=Simplot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Line_(ferry_operator)=Color Line (ferry operator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procor=Procor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Trust=Carbon Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierrot_(company)=Pierrot (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopko=Shopko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saleen=Saleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Plessey=Siemens Plessey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navistar_International=Navistar International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IC_Bus=IC Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washburn_Guitars=Washburn Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Arts_Guitar=Valley Arts Guitar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKY_PerfecTV!=SKY PerfecTV!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conexant=Conexant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SingleTrac=SingleTrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Animation=DreamWorks Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEC_Plessey_Telecommunications=GEC Plessey Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marconi_Communications=Marconi Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xcel_Energy=Xcel Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAS_Group=SAS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Metropolitan_Rapid_Transit_Corporation=Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchum_Inc.=Ketchum Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_Mifflin_Harcourt_Learning_Technology=Houghton Mifflin Harcourt Learning Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_Software=Imagine Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HealthSouth=HealthSouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolters_Kluwer=Wolters Kluwer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillard's=Dillard's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donaldson,_Lufkin_&_Jenrette=Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonmin=Lonmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazprom_Neft=Gazprom Neft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TDK=TDK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PacSun=PacSun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ILo_Technologies=ILo Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St-Hubert=St-Hubert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMS_Neve=AMS Neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pace_plc=Pace plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinjiang_Production_and_Construction_Corps=Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoover's=Hoover's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laforet=Laforet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperValu_(United_States)=SuperValu (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimurti_Films=Trimurti Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruei=Maruei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEAC_Corporation=TEAC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etnies=Etnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levant_Company=Levant Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michaels=Michaels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polikarpov=Polikarpov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surreal_Software=Surreal Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Life=Sony Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Chemicals=Sony Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carvin_Corporation=Carvin Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rieter=Rieter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XM_Radio_Canada=XM Radio Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enoki_Films=Enoki Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikegami_Tsushinki=Ikegami Tsushinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Thornton_LLP=Grant Thornton LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TED_(conference)=TED (conference)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winchester_Repeating_Arms_Company=Winchester Repeating Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nomura_Trust_&_Banking_Co.=The Nomura Trust & Banking Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planar_Systems=Planar Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry_Health_Care=Coventry Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Yard_Burgers=Back Yard Burgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiji_Yasuda_Life=Meiji Yasuda Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsuya_(department_store)=Matsuya (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finning=Finning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homebase=Homebase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italdesign_Giugiaro=Italdesign Giugiaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Axle=American Axle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman_Entertainment=Madman Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargaming_Seattle=Wargaming Seattle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocketplane_Limited,_Inc.=Rocketplane Limited, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Global=Liberty Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoei=Shoei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DrMaster=DrMaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Industrial_Development_Corporation=Tamil Nadu Industrial Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_France=Radio France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creative_Assembly=The Creative Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corgi_Classics=Corgi Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filofax=Filofax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Magic=Holiday Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odex=Odex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Nine_Visual_Technology=Number Nine Visual Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Mutual=Liberty Mutual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappa_(company)=Kappa (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Tahiti=Air Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-UP_Studio=1-UP Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner-Amex_Satellite_Entertainment=Warner-Amex Satellite Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyro_Studios=Pyro Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaquinto_Publications=Yaquinto Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufkin_Industries=Lufkin Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Broadcasting=Westinghouse Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMI_Music_Japan=EMI Music Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Cartoons=Warner Bros. Cartoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Skis=Atomic Skis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamesway=Jamesway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pita_Pit=Pita Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gottschalks=Gottschalks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTV_Ignition_Entertainment=UTV Ignition Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tosoh=Tosoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq_Petroleum_Company=Iraq Petroleum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Gulf_Corporation=Georgia Gulf Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiskars=Fiskars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Draft_Studios=Rough Draft Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cub_Foods=Cub Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shop_'n_Save=Shop 'n Save
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Italia=Sky Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Champlain_Transportation_Company=Lake Champlain Transportation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasol=Sasol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skatopia=Skatopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayre=Zayre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvertone_(instruments)=Silvertone (instruments)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Corporation=Mills Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele2=Tele2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Broadcast_Services=Shaw Broadcast Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortum=Fortum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TradeSports=TradeSports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_Company=Shane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obayashi_Corporation=Obayashi Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradewest=Tradewest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charter_Communications=Charter Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armscor_(Philippines)=Armscor (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armscor_(South_Africa)=Armscor (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_(India)=Orange (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duvel_Moortgat_Brewery=Duvel Moortgat Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimay_Brewery=Chimay Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metronet=Metronet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmalle_Brewery=Westmalle Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Music=Entertainment One Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Company=Coleman Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elron_(rail_transit)=Elron (rail transit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyson_(company)=Dyson (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_and_Air_Force_Exchange_Service=Army and Air Force Exchange Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Werft=Meyer Werft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Studios_and_Post_Production=BBC Studios and Post Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediaset=Mediaset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno_Chicago_Grill=Uno Chicago Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Dreams=Color Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Pictures=Magnolia Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IFC_Films=IFC Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Teleservices=Tata Teleservices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Infrastructure=Reliance Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Kay=Mary Kay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Motor_Manufacturing_Alabama=Hyundai Motor Manufacturing Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Manufacturing_of_Alabama=Honda Manufacturing of Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_U.S._International=Mercedes-Benz U.S. International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selig_Polyscope_Company=Selig Polyscope Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNY_Technologies=PNY Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Systems_Inc.=BAE Systems Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlliedBarton=AlliedBarton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Score_Media=Score Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rave_Cinemas=Rave Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scantron_Corporation=Scantron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beard_Papa's=Beard Papa's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosse_&_Blackwell=Crosse & Blackwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_Automobile_Corporation=Ukrainian Automobile Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MeMZ=MeMZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIU_Hotels=RIU Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahanagar_Telephone_Nigam=Mahanagar Telephone Nigam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Sport=Renault Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SugarCRM=SugarCRM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einstein_Bros._Bagels=Einstein Bros. Bagels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monogram_Pictures=Monogram Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Industries=World Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Electric_Traction=British Electric Traction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_National_Corporation=Lincoln National Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telesat=Telesat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fnac=Fnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Eagle=Giant Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Pizza_Kitchen=California Pizza Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokenbok=Rokenbok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samuel_Goldwyn_Company=The Samuel Goldwyn Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEC_Display_Solutions=NEC Display Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbinger_Corp.=Harbinger Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation_Airlines=Constellation Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DisneyToon_Studios=DisneyToon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spearmint_Rhino=Spearmint Rhino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAVE_(company)=CAVE (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apricot_Computers=Apricot Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keppel_Corporation=Keppel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM-AvtoVAZ=GM-AvtoVAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_(vehicle_manufacturer)=Roman (vehicle manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy_Corporation=Sammy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bear_Stores=Big Bear Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunnings_Warehouse=Bunnings Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swarovski=Swarovski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai_Electric_Power_Company=Kansai Electric Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grado_Labs=Grado Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kmart_Australia=Kmart Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_&_Baldwin=Alexander & Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textron_Marine_&_Land_Systems=Textron Marine & Land Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrela_(company)=Estrela (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_&_DeLuca=Dean & DeLuca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Madden=Steve Madden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Corporation=Patrick Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_AG=Continental AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bushmills_Distillery=Old Bushmills Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Unity_Foundation_Inc.=G-Unity Foundation Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinhiroshima_Telecasting=Shinhiroshima Telecasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medieval_Times=Medieval Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoal_(tobacco)=Skoal (tobacco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainload_Freight=Trainload Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealed_Air=Sealed Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas/Seaboard_Comics=Atlas/Seaboard Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Fashion=Venus Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThoughtWorks=ThoughtWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versaterm=Versaterm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Aircraft=Extra Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GfK=GfK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N._W._Ayer_&_Son=N. W. Ayer & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMAG_Automobil-_und_Motoren=AMAG Automobil- und Motoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMAG_Austria_Metall_AG=AMAG Austria Metall AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plusnet=Plusnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Lottery_Fund=Big Lottery Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campmor=Campmor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfather's_Pizza=Godfather's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbios_Logic=Symbios Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MartinLogan=MartinLogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Metal_Industries=Sumitomo Metal Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastenal=Fastenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McFarlane_Toys=McFarlane Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQue=IQue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panini_Comics=Panini Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauntlet_(body_piercing_studio)=Gauntlet (body piercing studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiji_Seika=Meiji Seika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potbelly_Sandwich_Works=Potbelly Sandwich Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Raven,_Inc.=Glen Raven, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joplings=Joplings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAO_UES=RAO UES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Tiger=Giant Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maisto=Maisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picsearch=Picsearch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odigo_Messenger=Odigo Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moog_Music=Moog Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isles_of_Scilly_Skybus=Isles of Scilly Skybus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Reddy's_Laboratories=Dr. Reddy's Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheetz=Sheetz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_5_Sporting_Goods=Big 5 Sporting Goods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPC_Romania=UPC Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bojangles'_Famous_Chicken_'n_Biscuits=Bojangles' Famous Chicken 'n Biscuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Dynamics=Crystal Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyo_Yuden=Taiyo Yuden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omron=Omron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graeter's=Graeter's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Rings_Design=Three Rings Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsoil=Amsoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bus=Bang Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juicy_Couture=Juicy Couture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawes_Cycles=Dawes Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Roof_Inn=Red Roof Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeneca=Zeneca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAECO=HAECO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Electric=Johnson Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramada=Ramada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Clad=All-Clad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorn_EMI=Thorn EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbro=Umbro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archies_Ltd=Archies Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Chocolate=Divine Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_(clothing)=Guess (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seminis=Seminis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesian_Airlines=Indonesian Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Yorkshire_Metro=West Yorkshire Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Cargo=Orange Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashdown_Engineering=Ashdown Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carfax_(company)=Carfax (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Small_Arms_Factory=Royal Small Arms Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aetos_Security_Management=Aetos Security Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_Brewery_Hong_Kong=San Miguel Brewery Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booz_Allen_Hamilton=Booz Allen Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespoli=Vespoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics_Land_Systems=General Dynamics Land Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gericom=Gericom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CanalDigitaal=CanalDigitaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandvine=Sandvine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeon_(language_school)=Aeon (language school)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Power_Authority=New York Power Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mather_Stock_Car_Company=Mather Stock Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Petroleum_Company=Phillips Petroleum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_River_Project=Salt River Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numenta=Numenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Publishing=Warren Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joint_Commission=Joint Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xerox_DocuShare=Xerox DocuShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogfish_Head_Brewery=Dogfish Head Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koury_Corporation=Koury Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayrak=Bayrak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventful=Eventful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Books-A-Million=Books-A-Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xara=Xara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Electric_Power=American Electric Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbreeze_Studios=Starbreeze Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reser's_Fine_Foods=Reser's Fine Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MKS_Inc.=MKS Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SureFire=SureFire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorion_(company)=Chorion (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Timberland_Company=The Timberland Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TracFone_Wireless=TracFone Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_Time=Taco Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samick=Samick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Power_and_Associates=J. D. Power and Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Motorcycles=Victory Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daelim=Daelim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Wire=Business Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Securitas_(Swiss_security_company)=Securitas (Swiss security company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Canada_Brewing_Company=Upper Canada Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Machine_and_Foundry=American Machine and Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permabit=Permabit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albanian_Mobile_Communications=Albanian Mobile Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum_Workshop=Drum Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citysuper_(supermarket)=Citysuper (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Born=Just Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAACO=MAACO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AAMCO_Transmissions=AAMCO Transmissions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assembly_Line=The Assembly Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ongamenet=Ongamenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tazo=Tazo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiji_Dairies=Meiji Dairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley's=Foley's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovation_Brands=Ovation Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._D._Irving=J. D. Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rite_Aid=Rite Aid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIMOS=MIMOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EQT_Partners=EQT Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playskool=Playskool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunGard=SunGard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CombiMatrix=CombiMatrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autodesk_Media_and_Entertainment=Autodesk Media and Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Combinator_(company)=Y Combinator (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panavision=Panavision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baume_et_Mercier=Baume et Mercier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KiwiRail_Scenic_Journeys=KiwiRail Scenic Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EHarmony=EHarmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArenaNet=ArenaNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Am_Railways=Pan Am Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallax_Software=Parallax Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Systems_Biology=Institute for Systems Biology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._M._Warburg_&_Co.=M. M. Warburg & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schott_AG=Schott AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariolasoft=Ariolasoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_Miniatures=Citadel Miniatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Kreuznach=Schneider Kreuznach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Bus=Mid Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Corporation=Harris Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBSCO_Information_Services=EBSCO Information Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baidu=Baidu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sohu=Sohu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth's_Chris_Steak_House=Ruth's Chris Steak House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Air_Group=Mesa Air Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellow_Mushroom=Mellow Mushroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clorox=Clorox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyphony_Digital=Polyphony Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeronca_Aircraft=Aeronca Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_Transport_Corporation=Delhi Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illy=Illy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landry's,_Inc.=Landry's, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Fish_Brewing=Flying Fish Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Broadband=You Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Sports=NBC Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Dennison=Avery Dennison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc's=Marc's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsen_Verlag=Carlsen Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Dog_Brewery=Flying Dog Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M1_Limited=M1 Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Media_Distribution=International Media Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burdines=Burdines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagoya_Broadcasting_Network=Nagoya Broadcasting Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Logic=Cirrus Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argos_(retailer)=Argos (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydro_One=Hydro One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempur-Pedic=Tempur-Pedic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Bicycles=Giant Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sephora=Sephora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APN_News_&_Media=APN News & Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futuremark=Futuremark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal_Telecom=Nepal Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Broadcasting_Corporation=Granite Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGEM=SAGEM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairtrade_Foundation=The Fairtrade Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tnuva=Tnuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_66=Phillips 66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexall=Rexall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Sail_Brewing_Company=Full Sail Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TF1_Group=TF1 Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Aerospace=Pacific Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_Aviation=Eclipse Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_Interactive=Paradox Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Editora_Abril=Editora Abril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Enterprises=Wells Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Boss=Hugo Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GarageGames=GarageGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrop's_Food_Group=Ukrop's Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufone=Ufone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_Financial_Group=Hana Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeechFX=SpeechFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco_Lotus=Tesco Lotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaheim_Sports=Anaheim Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Waffen_und_Munitionsfabriken=Deutsche Waffen und Munitionsfabriken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOpen=AOpen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shangri-La_Hotels_and_Resorts=Shangri-La Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucasfilm_Animation=Lucasfilm Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_John's=Jimmy John's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunway_Group=Sunway Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YTL_Corporation=YTL Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sime_Darby=Sime Darby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guthrie_(company)=Guthrie (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiGi_Telecommunications=DiGi Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunlun_Energy=Kunlun Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransCanada_Corporation=TransCanada Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody's_Investors_Service=Moody's Investors Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxis_Communications=Maxis Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TM_Net=TM Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DRB-HICOM=DRB-HICOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcraft=Carcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electroputere=Electroputere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSL_Mobile_Limited=CSL Mobile Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douwe_Egberts=Douwe Egberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visteon=Visteon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphi_Automotive=Delphi Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Power_&_Light=Florida Power & Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyco_Toys=Tyco Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Networks=Bay Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Energy=Duke Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SynOptics=SynOptics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Point_Studios=Junction Point Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telepictures=Telepictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_California_Gas_Company=Southern California Gas Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealink=Sealink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamiya_Corporation=Tamiya Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Bigg's=Mr Bigg's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_seen_on_TV=As seen on TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simtex=Simtex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acushnet_Company=Acushnet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telltale_Games=Telltale Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogilvy_&_Mather=Ogilvy & Mather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alesis=Alesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PepsiAmericas=PepsiAmericas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Sportswear=Columbia Sportswear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algoma_Central=Algoma Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Jack=Farmer Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Park_Media=Central Park Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_&_Nelson=Frederick & Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey's=Harvey's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Harvey_&_Sons=John Harvey & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinberger=Steinberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutan_Broadcasting_Service=Bhutan Broadcasting Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IParty=IParty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widmer_Brothers_Brewery=Widmer Brothers Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_(store)=Bloom (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efes_Beverage_Group=Efes Beverage Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changhe=Changhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Sons_&_Co.=Marshall, Sons & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_Brewery=Black Sheep Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Brewery=Guinness Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picturehouse_Cinemas=Picturehouse Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Trust_of_India=Press Trust of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncor_Energy=Suncor Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Armory,_Inc.=Springfield Armory, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neyveli_Lignite_Corporation=Neyveli Lignite Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakuhodo=Hakuhodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teck_Resources=Teck Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beximco=Beximco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braum's=Braum's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartier_(jeweler)=Cartier (jeweler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Company=Kirby Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuit_Canada=Intuit Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazer=Fazer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Leinenkugel_Brewing_Company=Jacob Leinenkugel Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Brains=Best Brains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qdoba_Mexican_Grill=Qdoba Mexican Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyglass_Entertainment=Spyglass Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasserstein_Perella_&_Co.=Wasserstein Perella & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crytek_UK=Crytek UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capstone_Turbine=Capstone Turbine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_Group=Compass Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TJX_Companies=TJX Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pabst_Brewing_Company=Pabst Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Automotive_Parts_Association=National Automotive Parts Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoetzl_Brewery=Spoetzl Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Belgium_Brewing_Company=New Belgium Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolseley_Motors=Wolseley Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._H._Wheeler=A. H. Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EmCare=EmCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Metro=Rural Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Enix_Europe=Square Enix Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investment_AB_Kinnevik=Investment AB Kinnevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitplane=Bitplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHK_Spring_Company=NHK Spring Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alltel=Alltel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debswana=Debswana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techniques_d'Avant_Garde=Techniques d'Avant Garde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitbread=Whitbread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antarctic_Press=Antarctic Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Sporting_Goods=Wilson Sporting Goods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium_Technologies=Lithium Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_the_Greek_(restaurant)=Jimmy the Greek (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Meyer=Fred Meyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco_Bank=Tesco Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Registro_Italiano_Navale=Registro Italiano Navale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Airways=Atlantic Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENAIRE=ENAIRE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Brewery=Capital Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Joe's=Happy Joe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Arcor=Grupo Arcor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTM_Enterprises=MTM Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedia,_Inc.=Expedia, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonatrach=Sonatrach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox_Home_Entertainment=20th Century Fox Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trident_Microsystems=Trident Microsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascaron=Ascaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babcock_&_Wilcox=Babcock & Wilcox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Student_Publications_Limited=Oxford Student Publications Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Entertainment_Rating_Organization=Computer Entertainment Rating Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primm_Valley_Resorts=Primm Valley Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.P._Morgan_&_Co.=J.P. Morgan & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Instrument=General Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_British_Foods=Associated British Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixons_(online)=Dixons (online)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTS_(sound_system)=DTS (sound system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DormAid=DormAid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitto_Denko=Nitto Denko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NB_Power=NB Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Corporation=CBS Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equity_Media_Holdings=Equity Media Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Cellular=U.S. Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con-way=Con-way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bain_Capital=Bain Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TippingPoint=TippingPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AsureQuality_Limited=AsureQuality Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meredith_Corporation=Meredith Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcend_Information=Transcend Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GCap_Media=GCap Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_Company=The Adventure Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortnum_&_Mason=Fortnum & Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_&_Woodhouse=Hall & Woodhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_Manufacturing=Pierce Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BJ's_Restaurant_&_Brewery=BJ's Restaurant & Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrobras=Petrobras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation_Brands=Constellation Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethicon_Endo-Surgery=Ethicon Endo-Surgery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Modelo=Grupo Modelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Cellular=Sun Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhythm_and_Hues_Studios=Rhythm and Hues Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TECO_Energy=TECO Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroLink=MicroLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intergraph=Intergraph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Robin=Red Robin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivid_Entertainment=Vivid Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Canadian_Superstore=Real Canadian Superstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Goldwyn_Films=Samuel Goldwyn Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Land=British Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BG_Group=BG Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIntosh_Laboratory=McIntosh Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Huber_Brewing_Company=Joseph Huber Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubota=Kubota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campsa=Campsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Nigeria=Guinness Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movistar=Movistar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli_Rocketry_Association=Tripoli Rocketry Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilchester_Cheese_Company=Ilchester Cheese Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Nawas=Abu Nawas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy_First=Strategy First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey's_General_Stores=Casey's General Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hahn_Brewery=Hahn Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Market_(US_grocery_store_chain)=City Market (US grocery store chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantronics=Plantronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havas_Worldwide=Havas Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British-India_Steam_Navigation_Company=British-India Steam Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Design=Core Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Weinhard's=Henry Weinhard's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Catz=Mad Catz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrainPop=BrainPop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognito_Entertainment=Incognito Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_News=ITV News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peninsular_and_Oriental_Steam_Navigation_Company=Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_National_Oil_Company=Philippine National Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralink=Ralink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thielert=Thielert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZTE=ZTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webcor_Builders=Webcor Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisa_(company)=Elisa (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realtek=Realtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Animation_Studios=Fox Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Rent_a_Car=Alamo Rent a Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antofagasta_PLC=Antofagasta PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Garden_Inn=Hilton Garden Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interface,_Inc.=Interface, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaxo=Plaxo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LyondellBasell=LyondellBasell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intersil=Intersil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sligo,_Leitrim_and_Northern_Counties_Railway=Sligo, Leitrim and Northern Counties Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_Communications=Vertical Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skechers=Skechers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_GmbH=Otto GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Steamship_Company=African Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carulla=Carulla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_African_Development_Bank=East African Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Caesars=Little Caesars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_6_(company)=Line 6 (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movado=Movado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medco_Health_Solutions=Medco Health Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Power=Alabama Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wazap!=Wazap!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genting_Group=Genting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Western_Recorders=United Western Recorders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys'_Brigade,_Hong_Kong=Boys' Brigade, Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Chemicals=Nova Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croteam=Croteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archos=Archos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinergy=Cinergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcrest_Mining=Newcrest Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soribada=Soribada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbeach_Recorders=Westbeach Recorders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Biersch_Brewing_Company=Gordon Biersch Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_(company)=Lulu (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unum=Unum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmways=Filmways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straphangers_Campaign=Straphangers Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroVironment=AeroVironment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucker_Punch_Productions=Sucker Punch Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arri=Arri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedeon_Richter=Gedeon Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Research_Institute=Southwest Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yards_Brewing_Company=Yards Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QAD_Inc=QAD Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Resources=Paramount Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexagon_AB=Hexagon AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Flyer=New Flyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prevost_Car=Prevost Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Telecom_(Hong_Kong)=City Telecom (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_International=Orion International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Petroleum_Producers=Canadian Association of Petroleum Producers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DINA_S.A.=DINA S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navman=Navman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVSL=CVSL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna's_Taqueria=Anna's Taqueria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Pools=Singapore Pools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Hool=Van Hool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhiraagu=Dhiraagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Miller's=Anna Miller's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_Software=Palace Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Industry_Computer-Based_Training_Committee=Aviation Industry Computer-Based Training Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy's_Frozen_Custard_&_Steakburgers=Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steam_Whistle_Brewing=Steam Whistle Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellar_Stone=Stellar Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_Theatres=Landmark Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elixir_Studios=Elixir Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentel=Pentel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modenas=Modenas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikarus_Bus=Ikarus Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Barclay_Sons_&_Co.=Andrew Barclay Sons & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaCie=LaCie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintet_(company)=Quintet (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Rubber_Company=New York Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Atlanta=Scientific Atlanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOW_Comics=NOW Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampeg=Ampeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comodo_Group=Comodo Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Torpedo_Boat=Lake Torpedo Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbogast_&_Bastian=Arbogast & Bastian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medion=Medion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girardin_Minibus=Girardin Minibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutong=Yutong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Railways_of_Zimbabwe=National Railways of Zimbabwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coffee_Bean_&_Tea_Leaf=The Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biwako_Broadcasting=Biwako Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_(telecommunications_Poland)=Plus (telecommunications Poland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Selmer_Paris=Henri Selmer Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpo_Productions=Harpo Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmons_Media_Group=Simmons Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company_Philippines=Ford Motor Company Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZiL=ZiL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gust_Co._Ltd.=Gust Co. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonian_Brewery=Caledonian Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Addario=D'Addario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sumitomo_Bank=The Sumitomo Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sakura_Bank=The Sakura Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_Group=Crossroads Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruegger's=Bruegger's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cross-Harbour_(Holdings)=The Cross-Harbour (Holdings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barneys_New_York=Barneys New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabaya=Kabaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criterion_Games=Criterion Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brady_Drum_Company=Brady Drum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Entertainment=Rogue Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxio=Roxio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._G._Brill_Company=J. G. Brill Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FitzJohn=FitzJohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Trading_Company=North West Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson_(store)=Lawson (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Animation=Sony Pictures Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Devices=United Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venturi_Automobiles=Venturi Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameco=Cameco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Wing_Shoes=Red Wing Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Power_Corporation_of_Greece=Public Power Corporation of Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoolBrands_International=CoolBrands International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Network_Rings=Fighting Network Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland_Inc.=Ashland Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ithaca_Gun_Company=Ithaca Gun Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_at_Dawn=Ready at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LandAmerica_Financial_Group=LandAmerica Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.T._Kearney=A.T. Kearney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNC_(store)=GNC (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Yamazaki=Daily Yamazaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_House_(comedy_club)=The Ice House (comedy club)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohrbach's=Ohrbach's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_&_Holland=Holland & Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandwidth.com=Bandwidth.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Music_Publishing_Group=Universal Music Publishing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UnitedHealth_Group=UnitedHealth Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Schmitt_Architects=Diamond Schmitt Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Source_(retailer)=The Source (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evisu=Evisu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domark_Software=Domark Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._W._Scripps_Company=E. W. Scripps Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bufori=Bufori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naza=Naza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pennsylvania_Health_System=University of Pennsylvania Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alembic_Inc=Alembic Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiesmann=Wiesmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuno_Corporation=Mizuno Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choice_Hotels=Choice Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howaldtswerke-Deutsche_Werft=Howaldtswerke-Deutsche Werft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Multimedia=Diamond Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Asia_Regional_Economic_Cooperation_Program=Central Asia Regional Economic Cooperation Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safran=Safran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Trail_Brewing_Company=Long Trail Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Brewery=Brooklyn Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_Press_Agency=Polish Press Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Radio=Roberts Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Givenchy=Givenchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_3_Communications=Level 3 Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weinstein_Company=The Weinstein Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NICE_Systems=NICE Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Commodity_Exchange=Tokyo Commodity Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_Casinos=Station Casinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bontempi=Bontempi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portal_Software=Portal Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Typewriter_Company=Royal Typewriter Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Hovercraft_Corporation=British Hovercraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aztar=Aztar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neutrogena=Neutrogena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministop=Ministop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_K_Sunkus=Circle K Sunkus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entercom=Entercom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Designs=Working Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_&_Kowloon_Ferry=Hong Kong & Kowloon Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handmark=Handmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malin_Space_Science_Systems=Malin Space Science Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageia=Ageia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_&_Custody_Services_Bank=Trust & Custody Services Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbeil_Bus_Corporation=Corbeil Bus Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRAM_Corporation=SRAM Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aracruz_Celulose=Aracruz Celulose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Utilities=United Utilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Inn_Express=Holiday Inn Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinemark_Theatres=Cinemark Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creditanstalt=Creditanstalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langenscheidt=Langenscheidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_Comics=Icon Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACE_Aviation_Holdings=ACE Aviation Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosta_Glasbruk=Kosta Glasbruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gritty_McDuff's_Brewing_Company=Gritty McDuff's Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allagash_Brewing_Company=Allagash Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net_(telecommunications)=Net (telecommunications)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Learning_Centre=Early Learning Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Basics=Food Basics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_IT=Melbourne IT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.C.Staff=J.C.Staff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gildan_Activewear=Gildan Activewear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jebel_Ali_Free_Zone=Jebel Ali Free Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshawa_Group=Oshawa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Diamond=Apollo Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradespar=Bradespar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_(mining_company)=Vale (mining company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braskem=Braskem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Demant=William Demant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delrina=Delrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Telecom=Rogers Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagamama=Wagamama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_FM=Tokyo FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugatti_Automobiles=Bugatti Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varian_Medical_Systems=Varian Medical Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Lottery_and_Gaming_Corporation=Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endace=Endace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri_Tac_Games=Tri Tac Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Loafing=Creative Loafing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasil_Telecom=Brasil Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embratel=Embratel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony_Capital=Colony Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Sussex=Columbia Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_Entertainment=Pinnacle Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syntel=Syntel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Entertainment=Red Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neways=Neways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufthansa_Systems=Lufthansa Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_American_Transportation_Systems=Canadian American Transportation Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roche-Dinkeloo=Roche-Dinkeloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Life=Asahi Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oto_Melara=Oto Melara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallaher_Group=Gallaher Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenet_(Belgium)=Telenet (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Era_Cap_Company=New Era Cap Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia_Interactive=Bohemia Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanola=Giovanola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Aircraft=Tiger Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shubb=Shubb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobeXplorer=GlobeXplorer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBK_(Scooter_manufacturer)=MBK (Scooter manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three-Nations_Research_Institute=Three-Nations Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Playground=Digital Playground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ameristar_Casinos=Ameristar Casinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keltron=Keltron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC_World_(retailer)=PC World (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Management_Company=Harvard Management Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LMAB-Group=LMAB-Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Corporation_of_America=Sony Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapInfo_Corporation=MapInfo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Shipyards_Co.=Hellenic Shipyards Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameloft=Gameloft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Barakat=Al-Barakat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoi=Enjoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taurus_(manufacturer)=Taurus (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celesc=Celesc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakleaf_Brewery=Oakleaf Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energis=Energis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Records=DB Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_India_Pariwar=Sahara India Pariwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineers_India=Engineers India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditya_Birla_Group=Aditya Birla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Company=Titan Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabur=Dabur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esurance=Esurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagiva=Cagiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BreadTalk=BreadTalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Leong_Bank=Hong Leong Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gevalia=Gevalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaguti=Malaguti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITC_Limited=ITC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindalco_Industries=Hindalco Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biocon=Biocon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic_Programming_Associates=Logic Programming Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jindal_Steel_and_Power=Jindal Steel and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eicher_Motors=Eicher Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaraj_Mazda=Swaraj Mazda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molex=Molex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Marine=Evergreen Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractebel_Energia=Tractebel Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Julius=Orange Julius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMA_CGM=CMA CGM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Industries=Collins Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Coach_Company=Superior Coach Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Coach_Corporation=Crown Coach Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Life=Sumitomo Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Shipping_Container_Lines=China Shipping Container Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Performance_Vehicles=Ford Performance Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allis-Chalmers=Allis-Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumo_Digital=Sumo Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibu=Hibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snap-on=Snap-on
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_American_Line=Swedish American Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShopHQ=ShopHQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_Provocateur_(lingerie)=Agent Provocateur (lingerie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEMIG=CEMIG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruehl_No.925=Ruehl No.925
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladbrokes=Ladbrokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFDS=DFDS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburg_America_Line=Hamburg America Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_New_Zealand=Vodafone New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IOI_Group=IOI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osim_International=Osim International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travelers_Companies=The Travelers Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Internet=Pacific Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brinker_International=Brinker International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayerische_Oberlandbahn=Bayerische Oberlandbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zetor=Zetor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THQ_Digital_Studios_UK=THQ Digital Studios UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investment_Canada=Investment Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gul_Ahmed_Group=Gul Ahmed Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klabin=Klabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._A._Henckels=J. A. Henckels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sethusamudram_Shipping_Canal_Project=Sethusamudram Shipping Canal Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Mate=Paper Mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertex_Pharmaceuticals=Vertex Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Packo's_Cafe=Tony Packo's Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediacom=Mediacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Hill_(bookmaker)=William Hill (bookmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pininfarina=Pininfarina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SGS_S.A.=SGS S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retlaw_Enterprises=Retlaw Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Linear_Systems=Non-Linear Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Biscuits=Sunshine Biscuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacker-Pschorr_Brewery=Hacker-Pschorr Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDNow=CDNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirTran_Holdings=AirTran Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koegel_Meat_Company=Koegel Meat Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyoness=Lyoness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Pictures=Digital Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schroders=Schroders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KUKA=KUKA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FON=FON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Murphy's=Papa Murphy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Technology=Castle Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundig=Grundig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_James_Financial=Raymond James Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetAbstract=GetAbstract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Linde_Group=The Linde Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Bros.=Grace Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitrogen=Invitrogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIC_Private_Limited=GIC Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semiconductor_Manufacturing_International_Corporation=Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ya_Kun_Kaya_Toast=Ya Kun Kaya Toast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calumet_Farm=Calumet Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Instruments=Native Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_Games=Guerrilla Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dapol=Dapol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NStigate_Games=NStigate Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Generation_Inc.=Seventh Generation Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongrentang=Tongrentang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruston_(engine_builder)=Ruston (engine builder)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle_&_Carriage=Cycle & Carriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SABIC=SABIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jardine_Cycle_&_Carriage=Jardine Cycle & Carriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Real_Estate_Investment_Trust=Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_'n_Now=Hot 'n Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siam_Cement=Siam Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Game_Technology=International Game Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Company=Toei Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintoho=Shintoho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantech=Pantech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadokawa_Pictures=Kadokawa Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Toronto_Airports_Authority=Greater Toronto Airports Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_and_Houses=Land and Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaicom_(company)=Thaicom (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Systems=Elite Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Group=Noble Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SembCorp_Marine=SembCorp Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autocar_Company=Autocar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Motor_Vehicle=Baker Motor Vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenhuth_Horseless_Vehicle_Company=Eisenhuth Horseless Vehicle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covert_(automobile)=Covert (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grout_(automobile)=Grout (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmore_(automobile)=Elmore (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_Automobile_Company=Knox Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Motor_Vehicle_Company=National Motor Vehicle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_Manufacturing_Company=Waltham Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_(automobile)=Northern (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Motor_Company=Royal Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens-Duryea=Stevens-Duryea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis_Motor_Company=St. Louis Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stearns_(automobile)=Stearns (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_(automobile)=Yale (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestel=Northwestel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outfront_Media=Outfront Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Med=Club Med
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristocrat_Leisure=Aristocrat Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Weston_Foods=George Weston Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optare=Optare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Elm=West Elm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunbeam_Products=Sunbeam Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedOctane=RedOctane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kojima_Productions=Kojima Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cains_Brewery=Cains Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Energy=Chesapeake Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIPCO=KIPCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SembCorp_Logistics=SembCorp Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durell_Software=Durell Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charoen_Pokphand=Charoen Pokphand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charoen_Pokphand_Foods=Charoen Pokphand Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Products_&_Chemicals=Air Products & Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P4_Radio_Hele_Norge=P4 Radio Hele Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SATS_Security_Services=SATS Security Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borregaard=Borregaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orkla_Group=Orkla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe's_Southwest_Grill=Moe's Southwest Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trees_for_Life_(Scotland)=Trees for Life (Scotland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metso=Metso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransACT=TransACT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odeon_Cinemas=Odeon Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverball_Studios=Silverball Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MWM_International_Motores=MWM International Motores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_Suites_Hotels=Embassy Suites Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wattie's=Wattie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inghams_Enterprises=Inghams Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Smith_Brewery=Samuel Smith Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Airlines=Sky Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_New_Zealand=Fairfax New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TelstraClear=TelstraClear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APC_by_Schneider_Electric=APC by Schneider Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currys=Currys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stillen=Stillen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segerstrom=Segerstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Steel=Nippon Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergdorf_Goodman=Bergdorf Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Holding_Company=Kingdom Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Chen_Enterprise=Thin Chen Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxy_Engineering=Moxy Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfoundland_and_Labrador_Hydro=Newfoundland and Labrador Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw's_and_Star_Market=Shaw's and Star Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanner_Films=Spanner Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfoundland_Power_Inc.=Newfoundland Power Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Brewery=Penn Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickering_and_Sons=Chickering and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckett_Comics=Beckett Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AAR_Corp=AAR Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendai_Television=Sendai Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombardier_Transportation=Bombardier Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HCL_Technologies=HCL Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestron=Celestron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTC=HTC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTN_Group=MTN Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prometheus_Radio_Project=Prometheus Radio Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codan=Codan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Developments=Frontier Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCP_Games=CCP Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Island_Brewing=Granville Island Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimized_Systems_Software=Optimized Systems Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comercial_Mexicana=Comercial Mexicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_House=Columbia House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Area_News_Group=Bay Area News Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Tyres=Apollo Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiserv=Fiserv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Bay_Seasoning=Old Bay Seasoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Motive_Diesel=Electro-Motive Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naim_Audio=Naim Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axfood=Axfood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexstar_Broadcasting_Group=Nexstar Broadcasting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boliden_AB=Boliden AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Natural_Tobacco_Company=Santa Fe Natural Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_Publishing=Dennis Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendo=Vendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cullinet=Cullinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecklermedia=Mecklermedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSTelcom=MSTelcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonangol_Group=Sonangol Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Infrastructure_Company=Macquarie Infrastructure Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caraceni=Caraceni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brioni_(fashion)=Brioni (fashion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankers_Life=Bankers Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiton=Kiton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oki_Electric_Industry=Oki Electric Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_People=Free People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantel=Quantel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwality_Wall's=Kwality Wall's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habitat_(retailer)=Habitat (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesko=Kesko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norddeutscher_Lloyd=Norddeutscher Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyan=Tyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharfedale_(company)=Wharfedale (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgari=Bulgari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellcom_(Israel)=Cellcom (Israel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimpoint_AB=Aimpoint AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auchan=Auchan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techland=Techland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point72_Asset_Management=Point72 Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saucony=Saucony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li_&_Fung=Li & Fung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staedtler=Staedtler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransomes,_Sims_&_Jefferies=Ransomes, Sims & Jefferies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trump_Entrepreneur_Initiative=The Trump Entrepreneur Initiative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Underground_(weather_service)=Weather Underground (weather service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arburg=Arburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bwin.Party_Digital_Entertainment=Bwin.Party Digital Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veikkaus=Veikkaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economist_Group=Economist Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commissioners_of_Irish_Lights=Commissioners of Irish Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Television_Corporation=Pakistan Television Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Steel=Republic Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesdome_Gold_Mines=Wesdome Gold Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&E_Networks=A&E Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeo_Hiap_Seng=Yeo Hiap Seng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Industries=Lucas Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatung_Company=Tatung Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8x8=8x8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwyer_Brothers_Stable=Dwyer Brothers Stable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohm_and_Haas=Rohm and Haas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amkor_Technology=Amkor Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entenmann's=Entenmann's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Cruises=Princess Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-VA-T_Food_City=K-VA-T Food City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Tongue_Entertainment=Blue Tongue Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Networks=AMC Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Entertainment_Suppliers=Home Entertainment Suppliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckle_(clothing_retailer)=Buckle (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factiva=Factiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certis_CISCO=Certis CISCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primark=Primark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greentree_Stable=Greentree Stable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Dreams_Studio=Silicon Dreams Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intu_Properties=Intu Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebird_Toys=Bluebird Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business.com=Business.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montegrappa=Montegrappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unterhaltungssoftware_Selbstkontrolle=Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commerzbank=Commerzbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Sail_Training_Association=American Sail Training Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beate_Uhse_AG=Beate Uhse AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_Enterprises=Alias Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tru_Blu_Entertainment=Tru Blu Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Losi=Team Losi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FABRAP=FABRAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnBW=EnBW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Hotels=Delta Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JC_Comics=JC Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookshire_Grocery_Company=Brookshire Grocery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabela's=Cabela's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrimeCo=PrimeCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Rail_Track_Corporation=Australian Rail Track Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Petroleum=Regal Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redback_Networks=Redback Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Properties=Home Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitney_Bowes=Pitney Bowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHS_Inc.=CHS Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeverse=Freeverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansys=Ansys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interdnestrcom=Interdnestrcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessella=Tessella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNOOC_Limited=CNOOC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renys=Renys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Creative_Entertainment=Walt Disney Creative Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_Quest=Laser Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast_Cable=Comcast Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vixen_(telescopes)=Vixen (telescopes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_Standard=Ideal Standard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croker=Croker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._P._Dutton=E. P. Dutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brita=Brita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_Mobility=Telus Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandem_Productions=Tandem Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELP_Communications=ELP Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolo.com=Nolo.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benihana=Benihana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xstrata=Xstrata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capita=Capita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belk=Belk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proffitt's=Proffitt's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick's_Sporting_Goods=Dick's Sporting Goods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caliber_Comics=Caliber Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSC_Media_Group=CSC Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Select_Comfort=Select Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Airways_Group=US Airways Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denon=Denon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Security=GE Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Iranian_Oil_Company=National Iranian Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnier=Garnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YoGo=YoGo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasus_Software=Pegasus Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snack_Brands_Australia=Snack Brands Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zushi_Games=Zushi Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnotts_(Ireland)=Arnotts (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyosung=Hyosung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&T_Motors=S&T Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart's_Shops=Stewart's Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPB_plc=BPB plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi-Chi's=Chi-Chi's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H-E-B=H-E-B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Networks=Newport Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westat=Westat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior's=Junior's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckitt_Benckiser=Reckitt Benckiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunications_Services_of_Trinidad_and_Tobago=Telecommunications Services of Trinidad and Tobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Film_Development_Corporation_of_India=National Film Development Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selex_ES=Selex ES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentinel_Waggon_Works=Sentinel Waggon Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lister_Cars=Lister Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Theatrical_Productions=Disney Theatrical Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Government_Telephones=Alberta Government Telephones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony/ATV_Music_Publishing=Sony/ATV Music Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECCO=ECCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooredoo=Ooredoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Group=Evergreen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_n_Pay_Stores=Pick n Pay Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Koningshoeven_Brewery=De Koningshoeven Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dempster_Brothers=Dempster Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Wrightson=Head Wrightson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster.com=Monster.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_New_Brunswick=Service New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelleborg_AB=Trelleborg AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Matthey=Johnson Matthey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sold-Out_Software=Sold-Out Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Securities=Land Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matalan=Matalan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konkan_Railway_Corporation=Konkan Railway Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moog_Inc.=Moog Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronco=Ronco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMX_LLC=AMX LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaskTel=SaskTel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Menzies=John Menzies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midcontinent_Communications=Midcontinent Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruf_Automobile=Ruf Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Soft_Drinks=Asahi Soft Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_Availability_Forum=Service Availability Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energias_de_Portugal=Energias de Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaton_Digital=Aaton Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portucel_Soporcel=Portucel Soporcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lactogal=Lactogal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimpor=Cimpor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolly_Parton's_Dixie_Stampede=Dolly Parton's Dixie Stampede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_on_Ice=Disney on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Fraser=House of Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renntech=Renntech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastlink_(company)=Eastlink (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAHER-SOCATA=DAHER-SOCATA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allstream_Inc.=Allstream Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRL_Group=CRL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_the_Philippine_Islands=Bank of the Philippine Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_Brewery=San Miguel Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uralvagonzavod=Uralvagonzavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grob_Aircraft=Grob Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transurban=Transurban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airware=Airware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsoft=Tamsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Materials_Company=Vulcan Materials Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodenstock_GmbH=Rodenstock GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_and_Telecom_of_Kosovo=Post and Telecom of Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Home_Entertainment=Sony Pictures Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anivision=Anivision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlin_Firearms=Marlin Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Capri_Casinos=Isle of Capri Casinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VDL_Bus_Chassis=VDL Bus Chassis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namiki=Namiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Satellite_Technology=Surrey Satellite Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malley's_Chocolates=Malley's Chocolates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudin_Bakery=Boudin Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TTX_Company=TTX Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bally_Shoe=Bally Shoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Behavior_Analysis_International=Association for Behavior Analysis International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Computing=New World Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Digital_Networks=Discovery Digital Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonae=Sonae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyana_Telephone_and_Telegraph_Company=Guyana Telephone and Telegraph Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athearn=Athearn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameFly=GameFly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcom=Volcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level-5_(video_game_company)=Level-5 (video game company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Apparel=American Apparel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Proof_House=Birmingham Proof House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manischewitz=Manischewitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amdocs=Amdocs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VG-62=VG-62
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Railway_Catering_and_Tourism_Corporation=Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoney's=Shoney's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RITES=RITES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBDO=BBDO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casady_&_Greene=Casady & Greene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wako_(retailer)=Wako (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyager_Company=Voyager Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SITA_(IT_company)=SITA (IT company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ircon_International=Ircon International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia_Records=Croatia Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Long_Distance_Telephone_Company=Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hess_Corporation=Hess Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransAlta=TransAlta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Steel_and_Shipbuilding_Company=National Steel and Shipbuilding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Watch_Company=Hamilton Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U3=U3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Tyres=Dunlop Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gayfers=Gayfers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Entertainment=Regal Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes_Racing=Sykes Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clover_Studio=Clover Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.ON=E.ON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWE=RWE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altana=Altana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HypoVereinsbank=HypoVereinsbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresenius_(company)=Fresenius (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henkel=Henkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamamatsu_Photonics=Hamamatsu Photonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BDO_Unibank=BDO Unibank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrovie_dello_Stato_Italiane=Ferrovie dello Stato Italiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortinet=Fortinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LRG_Capital_Funds=LRG Capital Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_&_Hope=Ann & Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OshKosh_B'Gosh=OshKosh B'Gosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_Taylor_Brewery=Timothy Taylor Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurofen=Nurofen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cineplex_Entertainment=Cineplex Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_to_Wall_(production_company)=Wall to Wall (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Cinemas=Alliance Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Harmonix=Electro-Harmonix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaRosa's_Pizzeria=LaRosa's Pizzeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mischief_Makers=The Mischief Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arqiva=Arqiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattem=Chattem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elan_(company)=Elan (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumstix=Gumstix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_International=York International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANEST_IWATA=ANEST IWATA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Aircraft=United Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providian=Providian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crate_&_Barrel=Crate & Barrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewery_Ommegang=Brewery Ommegang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendition_(company)=Rendition (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowes_Foods=Lowes Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith's_Food_and_Drug=Smith's Food and Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Eater=Happy Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Silver=Deep Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantia_(company)=Atlantia (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_Arts=Software Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swecoin=Swecoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woot=Woot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuraya=Thuraya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_Spire_Wireless=C Spire Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Floyds_Brewing=Three Floyds Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Sam_Cereal=Uncle Sam Cereal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_James_Morgan_Keegan=Raymond James Morgan Keegan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koenig_&_Bauer=Koenig & Bauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Pharmacopoeia=British Pharmacopoeia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimar=Cimar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient_Overseas_Container_Line=Orient Overseas Container Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilotfish_(company)=Pilotfish (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillons=Dillons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Rights_Congress=Civil Rights Congress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Beta=Alpha Beta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_OneWorld_Health=Institute for OneWorld Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Applied_Communication_Laboratory=Network Applied Communication Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSB_Bank_(New_Zealand)=TSB Bank (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Man=Red Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Systems_Land_&_Armaments=BAE Systems Land & Armaments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PerkinElmer=PerkinElmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BKN=BKN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttle_Inc.=Shuttle Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Pennsylvania=Verizon Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenZap=GreenZap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ore-Ida=Ore-Ida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TASCAM=TASCAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SM_Prime_Holdings=SM Prime Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradera=Tradera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boll_Weevil_(restaurant)=Boll Weevil (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_Coin_Grading_Service=Professional Coin Grading Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Amusement_and_Gaming_Corporation=Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Texas_Church_of_Freethought=North Texas Church of Freethought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garoto=Garoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plextor=Plextor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinano_Kenshi=Shinano Kenshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponderosa_Steakhouse_and_Bonanza_Steakhouse=Ponderosa Steakhouse and Bonanza Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Pictures=World Wide Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Universe=Incredible Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaWind_Line=SeaWind Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRISIL=CRISIL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller's_Tales=Traveller's Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Living_Products=Forever Living Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_Information_and_Image_Management=Association for Information and Image Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_World_Skies=SES World Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecolab=Ecolab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie-Narco=Dixie-Narco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_Eye=Birds Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam-Son_Farm=Sam-Son Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Leaf_Sports_&_Entertainment=Maple Leaf Sports & Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moto_Hospitality=Moto Hospitality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldbaum's=Waldbaum's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Properties=Boston Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habib's=Habib's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorn_Electrical_Industries=Thorn Electrical Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonelgaz=Sonelgaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snyder's_of_Hanover=Snyder's of Hanover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_Group=Arcadia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDS_America=MDS America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railpower_Technologies=Railpower Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingo_Doce=Pingo Doce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onex_Corporation=Onex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prometric=Prometric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_railway_stations=UK railway stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getronics=Getronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptec=Adaptec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_n_Suds=Dog n Suds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashas'=Bashas'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenzer_&_Company=Kenzer & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Fries=New York Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cree_Inc.=Cree Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maranatha_Volunteers_International=Maranatha Volunteers International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Trading=Twin Trading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.Crew=J.Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadchef=Roadchef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Coasters_International=Great Coasters International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Guys_(American_company)=Good Guys (American company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson's=Carson's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permal_Group=Permal Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booth_Newspapers=Booth Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skip_Barber_Racing_School=Skip Barber Racing School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthetic_Genomics=Synthetic Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elva_(car_manufacturer)=Elva (car manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNAV=GNAV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menart_Records=Menart Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOOMA=NOOMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Garry_Brewing_Company=Fort Garry Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackRock=BlackRock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Webbing=Digital Webbing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallink=Tallink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Evans_Restaurants=Bob Evans Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoInk=NanoInk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NDTV=NDTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charvel=Charvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Charley's=O'Charley's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vista_Alegre_(company)=Vista Alegre (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialtext=Socialtext
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Energy=Direct Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Pittsburgh_Medical_Center=University of Pittsburgh Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vons=Vons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Television_Animation=Disney Television Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hispasat=Hispasat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainu_Times=Ainu Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Products=Rich Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accuracy_International=Accuracy International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lego_Group=The Lego Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Telecom=People Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Hardware=Home Hardware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Management_Systems=Sterling Management Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspur=Inspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Canada=EA Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabre_Airline_Solutions=Sabre Airline Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M5_Industries=M5 Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerlain=Guerlain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysse_Nardin=Ulysse Nardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Madison_Productions=Happy Madison Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Store=Boston Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benesse=Benesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odense_Steel_Shipyard=Odense Steel Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Beverage_Company=Arizona Beverage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhenus_(company)=Rhenus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire,_Buckinghamshire_and_Oxfordshire_Wildlife_Trust=Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire Wildlife Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribou_Coffee=Caribou Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.M._&_M._TV_Corporation=U.M. & M. TV Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGP_Corporation=PGP Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorton's_of_Gloucester=Gorton's of Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Corporation=Ball Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuters_Group=Reuters Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Jones_IXL=Henry Jones IXL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winners=Winners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragon_Software=Paragon Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetThere=GetThere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorlu_Holding=Zorlu Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carddass=Carddass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RaceTrac=RaceTrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volition_(company)=Volition (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodrich_Quality_Theaters=Goodrich Quality Theaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vhi_Healthcare=Vhi Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion_Motors=Albion Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dainese=Dainese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse_China=Syracuse China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Motors=Vector Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_assets_owned_by_Berkshire_Hathaway=List of assets owned by Berkshire Hathaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payless_ShoeSource=Payless ShoeSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Theatres=Empire Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_&_Toy=Grand & Toy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newell_Rubbermaid=Newell Rubbermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubbermaid=Rubbermaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_TV=Rogers TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Star_Wrestling=All Star Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Investigations_Committee_On_Aerial_Phenomena=National Investigations Committee On Aerial Phenomena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_UFO_Studies=Center for UFO Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NDO=NDO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrellgas=Ferrellgas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinique=Clinique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTECH_S.p.A.=GTECH S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udon_Entertainment=Udon Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishi-Nippon_Railroad=Nishi-Nippon Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagemeyer=Hagemeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Weather_Stations=Social Weather Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numico=Numico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClickStar=ClickStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelley_Blue_Book=Kelley Blue Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_Entertainment=Revelations Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquafresh=Aquafresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonova=Sonova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boylan_Bottling_Company=Boylan Bottling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anschutz_Corporation=The Anschutz Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_Communications=Access Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihonkai_Telecasting=Nihonkai Telecasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Vision=Urban Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSCI=MSCI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publishers_Clearing_House=Publishers Clearing House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SFR=SFR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transdev_(historic)=Transdev (historic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tube_Lines=Tube Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpie_(marker)=Sharpie (marker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fopp_(retailer)=Fopp (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PS_Classics=PS Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saffire_(video_game_developer)=Saffire (video game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island_Power_Authority=Long Island Power Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadeo=Nadeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterVarsity_Press=InterVarsity Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donaudampfschiffahrtsgesellschaft=Donaudampfschiffahrtsgesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exelon=Exelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgie_Pie=Georgie Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Video_Entertainment=American Video Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Bimbo=Grupo Bimbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipper_Interactive=Zipper Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleperformance=Teleperformance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Continents=Six Continents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchells_&_Butlers=Mitchells & Butlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AU_Optronics=AU Optronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sharper_Image=The Sharper Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrods_Estates=Harrods Estates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrods_Aviation=Harrods Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Ronin_Publishing=Green Ronin Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSJ_Media=TSJ Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Island_Brewery=Goose Island Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conaco=Conaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmSouth_Bancorporation=AmSouth Bancorporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBVA_Compass=BBVA Compass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_Drums=Yamaha Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation_Energy=Constellation Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiscoveRx=DiscoveRx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revco=Revco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net2Phone=Net2Phone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracinda=Tracinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargotec=Cargotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Phantom_Works=Boeing Phantom Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fosters_Freeze=Fosters Freeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Steel_Europe=Tata Steel Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Telecom=Smart Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Swiss=K-Swiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roksan_Audio=Roksan Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightfall_Games=Nightfall Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senomyx=Senomyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorex=Memorex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skype_Technologies=Skype Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Technology_Corporation=Storage Technology Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Baseball_Advanced_Media=Major League Baseball Advanced Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaNews_Group=MediaNews Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_Bell=Nevada Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstEnergy=FirstEnergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gospel_Communications_International=Gospel Communications International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Tronic=Key Tronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Brands=Fortune Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Bus_Service=Singapore Bus Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_Hockey=England Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EPoX=EPoX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_TV_Network=Sun TV Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Page_Brewing_Company=James Page Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuckerman_Brewing_Company=Tuckerman Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_Point=Check Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Brewing_Company=Genesee Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syncrude=Syncrude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digi_International=Digi International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoran_Corporation=Zoran Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Hale=Parker Hale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eroski=Eroski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Oil=Frontier Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AllianceBernstein=AllianceBernstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brocade_Communications_Systems=Brocade Communications Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slug_and_Lettuce=Slug and Lettuce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richer_Sounds=Richer Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ergon,_Inc.=Ergon, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISS_A/S=ISS A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horch=Horch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trijicon=Trijicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirTouch=AirTouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carvel_(restaurant)=Carvel (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Prima=Media Prima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwik_Shop=Kwik Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklins=Franklins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joslins=Joslins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canucks_Sports_&_Entertainment=Canucks Sports & Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alacritech=Alacritech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafei=Hafei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Software=Titus Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Verkehrsverbund=Hamburger Verkehrsverbund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paktel=Paktel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berghaus=Berghaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tootsie_Roll_Industries=Tootsie Roll Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natura=Natura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calumet_Lubricants=Calumet Lubricants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Inc.=Lance Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Industries=Marine Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JumpTV=JumpTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Animation=Kyoto Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Holdings=Citizen Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Rail_Research_Division=British Rail Research Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_I._Thornycroft_&_Company=John I. Thornycroft & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comdial=Comdial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holcim=Holcim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBAHN=IBAHN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Partnership_Programme=University Partnership Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEK_Studio=SEK Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Kunovice=Let Kunovice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evektor-Aerotechnik=Evektor-Aerotechnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Village=Golden Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich_Pizza=Greenwich Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreyer's=Dreyer's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorf_Clark_Industries=Dorf Clark Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Marine=Mercury Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyence=Keyence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opinion_Research_Corporation=Opinion Research Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PartyPoker=PartyPoker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinkorswim=Thinkorswim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markel_Corporation=Markel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Life_Insurance_Company=New York Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wang_Film_Productions=Wang Film Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art._Lebedev_Studio=Art. Lebedev Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kroll_Inc.=Kroll Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traxxas=Traxxas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AngloGold_Ashanti=AngloGold Ashanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Broadcasting_System=Spanish Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtransse=Airtransse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_News_Today=Medical News Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyivstar=Kyivstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brick=The Brick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiths_Group=Smiths Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Software=From Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altiris=Altiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soriana=Soriana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAuslan_Brewing=McAuslan Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitrends=Unitrends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HOK_(firm)=HOK (firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanshin_Department_Store=Hanshin Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disinfo=Disinfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grocery_Gateway=Grocery Gateway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harveys_Brewery=Harveys Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Maur=Von Maur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Binladin_Group=Saudi Binladin Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noodles_&_Company=Noodles & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biacore=Biacore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holton_(Leblanc)=Holton (Leblanc)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Post=Singapore Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowrance_Electronics=Lowrance Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teisco=Teisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Tsusho=Toyota Tsusho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie_Jar_Group=Cookie Jar Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Research_Systems=Stanford Research Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Power_Corporation_of_India=Nuclear Power Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypermart_USA=Hypermart USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raley's_Supermarkets=Raley's Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sporveien=Sporveien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esquires=Esquires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totally_Games=Totally Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N-Space=N-Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldmund=Goldmund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Bank=Urban Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Pictures=Lime Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_21_Television_Studios=Fox 21 Television Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKOM=AKOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal/One=Signal/One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Street_Brewery=Mill Street Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekornes=Ekornes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Yachts=Freedom Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toon_City=Toon City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Breweries=DB Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animax_Entertainment=Animax Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reg_Grundy_Organisation=Reg Grundy Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris-Craft_Boats=Chris-Craft Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matahari_(department_store)=Matahari (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampan_(newspaper)=Sampan (newspaper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedImmune=MedImmune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurostar_International_Limited=Eurostar International Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_Aerospace=Zodiac Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_Damage=Splash Damage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandals_Resorts=Sandals Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warsaw_Stock_Exchange=Warsaw Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Madison_Group=Mitchell Madison Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldcrest_Films=Goldcrest Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotia_Prince_Cruises=Scotia Prince Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyday_Films=Heyday Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Adams_(handgun_designer)=Robert Adams (handgun designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Rikagaku_Kenkyusho=Toyo Rikagaku Kenkyusho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Automobile=Nanjing Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FJ_Management=FJ Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Illinois=Continental Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inotera=Inotera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwebel's_Bakery=Schwebel's Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Dairy_Development_Board=National Dairy Development Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramco_Systems=Ramco Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Whip=Miracle Whip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodacom=Vodacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stew_Leonard's=Stew Leonard's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attic_Entertainment_Software=Attic Entertainment Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Active=Virgin Active
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibris=Alibris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apax_Partners=Apax Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Media=21st Century Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tynesoft=Tynesoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_der_Giessen_de_Noord=Van der Giessen de Noord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippo_Karawaci=Lippo Karawaci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmTran=AmTran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guittard_Chocolate_Company=Guittard Chocolate Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_(retailer)=Burton (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_(clothing)=Evans (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniden=Uniden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kering=Kering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magyar_Posta=Magyar Posta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhlsport=Uhlsport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECC_(eikaiwa)=ECC (eikaiwa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkcell=Turkcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Australia=Target Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown-Forman=Brown-Forman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlaceWare=PlaceWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Fish_Pictures=Go Fish Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterCraft=MasterCraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HiteJinro=HiteJinro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Hawaii=Bank of Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Spain=Vodafone Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham's_Ice_Cream=Brigham's Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unified_EFI_Forum=Unified EFI Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeoMagic=NeoMagic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micrel=Micrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Media=Greater Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpartanNash=SpartanNash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olde_Towne_Brewing_Company=Olde Towne Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weatherbys=Weatherbys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isetan=Isetan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SimplexGrinnell=SimplexGrinnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabel_Deutschland=Kabel Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_(jeans)=Lee (jeans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publicis=Publicis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filene's=Filene's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Coffee=Costa Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centra=Centra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DStv=DStv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBK_Investments=HBK Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Angelo_Sandwich_Shops=D'Angelo Sandwich Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Falls=Hawaiian Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totes_Isotoner=Totes Isotoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maschinenbau_Kiel=Maschinenbau Kiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vossloh=Vossloh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookshire_Brothers=Brookshire Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humpty_Dumpty_Snack_Foods=Humpty Dumpty Snack Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncoast_Motion_Picture_Company=Suncoast Motion Picture Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Def_Jam_Recordings=Def Jam Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_Corning=Dow Corning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Telephone=New York Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakers_Square=Bakers Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Inn=Village Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syngenta=Syngenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwin-Williams=Sherwin-Williams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tieto=Tieto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daiso=Daiso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville_Water_Company=Louisville Water Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANF_Industrie=ANF Industrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philco=Philco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Something=Do Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugen_Systems=Eugen Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Wells_Ltd=Charles Wells Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trident_Comics=Trident Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Storage=Public Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Publishing_Company=Johnson Publishing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_National=Air National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_Digital=Canal Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._S._Ayres=L. S. Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MASTV=MASTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinelli=Cinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meier_&_Frank=Meier & Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Ore_Company_of_Canada=Iron Ore Company of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincom_Systems=Cincom Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABA_Games=ABA Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexen=Nexen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beasley_Broadcast_Group=Beasley Broadcast Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lozier=Lozier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilshire_Associates=Wilshire Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etec_Systems,_Inc.=Etec Systems, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Rail_Journeys=Great Rail Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Japan_Pro_Wrestling_roster=All Japan Pro Wrestling roster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danaher_Corporation=Danaher Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Tobacco=China Tobacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massey_Energy=Massey Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowers_&_Wilkins=Bowers & Wilkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diadora=Diadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VT_Group=VT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combe_Incorporated=Combe Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NV_Energy=NV Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamHost=DreamHost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brick_Brewing_Company=Brick Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razer_Inc.=Razer Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grote_&_Weigel=Grote & Weigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Louis_Brewery=Saint Louis Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANTEL=ANTEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeant_Pharmaceuticals=Valeant Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Beach_Brands=Hamilton Beach Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterball=Butterball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollabRx=CollabRx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Entertainment=Victor Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cintas=Cintas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeos=Zeos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CouchSurfing=CouchSurfing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movie_Gallery=Movie Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Frills_(grocery_store)=No Frills (grocery store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomeka_Press=Atomeka Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murata_Manufacturing=Murata Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit_Irrigation_Products=Orbit Irrigation Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Bird=Rain Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Media=Viva Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Armoury_Company=London Armoury Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persol=Persol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asurion=Asurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerber_Legendary_Blades=Gerber Legendary Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iranian_Aluminium_Company=Iranian Aluminium Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Pars=Wagon Pars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kru_Interactive=Kru Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stila=Stila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Cities_Communications=Capital Cities Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinco=Shinco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naugles=Naugles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Econet_Wireless=Econet Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Vehicles_Factory=Heavy Vehicles Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Board_of_Secondary_Education=Tamil Nadu Board of Secondary Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebra_Technologies=Zebra Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsons-May=Robinsons-May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrow_Sewing_Machine_Company=Merrow Sewing Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZipRealty=ZipRealty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batjac_Productions=Batjac Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumbelows=Rumbelows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlphaDream_Corporation=AlphaDream Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aral_AG=Aral AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setanta_Sports=Setanta Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamares_Real_Estate_Investments=Tamares Real Estate Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Mex_Restaurants=Real Mex Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANA_Aeroportos_de_Portugal=ANA Aeroportos de Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EID_Parry=EID Parry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Financial_Services_Software=Oracle Financial Services Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COSI_Columbus=COSI Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundfos=Grundfos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billabong_(clothing)=Billabong (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teijin=Teijin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Corporation=Mozilla Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Interactive_Entertainment=Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramoji_Film_City=Ramoji Film City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramoji_Group=Ramoji Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blimpie=Blimpie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Earth_Performing_Arts=Native Earth Performing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provogue=Provogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grolier_Poetry_Bookshop=Grolier Poetry Bookshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Bilad_Bank=Al Bilad Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VoodooPC=VoodooPC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raycom_Media=Raycom Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sun_Press=Black Sun Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMARC=BMARC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestas=Vestas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmos_Energy=Atmos Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquila,_Inc.=Aquila, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Research_&_Development_1=Nintendo Research & Development 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Starch_Press=No Starch Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazzaroni=Lazzaroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwan-Stabilo=Schwan-Stabilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deluxe_Distribution=Deluxe Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_Corporation=Sprint Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTL_Ireland=NTL Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos!_Comics=Chaos! Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordsee=Nordsee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Scene=Clean Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zip.ca=Zip.ca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Crawford=Lane Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motor_Manufacturing_Texas=Toyota Motor Manufacturing Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_International=Tower International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Snowboards=Burton Snowboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Television_Network=Raj Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DD_Free_Dish=DD Free Dish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event_Cinemas=Event Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry's_Ice_Cream=Perry's Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astex=Astex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Reality=Terminal Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circumvesuviana=Circumvesuviana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Italia_Mobile=Telecom Italia Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastline=Fastline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTC_Aerospace_Systems=UTC Aerospace Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cintra=Cintra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hook's_Drug_Stores=Hook's Drug Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hathway=Hathway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wataniya_Telecom_Maldives=Wataniya Telecom Maldives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_Electronics=Alpine Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoveFilm=LoveFilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldcorp=Goldcorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanium_Metals=Titanium Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyn_(company)=Dyn (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptech=Aptech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimco=Aimco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACME_Communications=ACME Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_International_Airport_Authority=Halifax International Airport Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citysearch=Citysearch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_National=Schneider National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Television=MGM Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sysco=Sysco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenet_Healthcare=Tenet Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PetSmart=PetSmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projects_and_Development_India_Limited=Projects and Development India Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tops_Friendly_Markets=Tops Friendly Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACC_Limited=ACC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSC_Inc.=PSC Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_Broadcasting=Citadel Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BJ's_Wholesale_Club=BJ's Wholesale Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Rubber_Company=United States Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservancy_Association=Conservancy Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_(department_store)=Liberty (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomy=Tomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bazaar=Big Bazaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Ash=Sam Ash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Park_Concrete=Mountain Park Concrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slazenger=Slazenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunoff=Fortunoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazioli=Fazioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Today=Empire Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaren_Applied_Technologies=McLaren Applied Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Theatres=New Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDEC_Corporation=IDEC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proactiv=Proactiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantega=Kantega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Trading_Organization=State Trading Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Boutique=Apple Boutique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Liquide=Air Liquide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sbarro=Sbarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_John's=Taco John's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Fresh=Super Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECI_Telecom=ECI Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_Media_Enterprises=Landmark Media Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peco=Peco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntley_&_Palmers=Huntley & Palmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pull_&_Bear=Pull & Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Donut=Mister Donut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMSHost=HMSHost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Sonority=Genius Sonority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Mohn=Frank Mohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Songs=Northern Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_S.A.=SES S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTV_News=CTV News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio-Rad_Laboratories=Bio-Rad Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platts=Platts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Traffic=Penn Traffic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girard-Perregaux=Girard-Perregaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strand_Releasing=Strand Releasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icahn_Enterprises=Icahn Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audiogenic=Audiogenic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormfront_Studios=Stormfront Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basecamp_(company)=Basecamp (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinix=Equinix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesforce.com=Salesforce.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Knights=British Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Policy_Association=Foreign Policy Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabash_National=Wabash National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimball_International=Kimball International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_Americom=SES Americom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aerospace_Corporation=The Aerospace Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willcom=Willcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Motorcycles=Vincent Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiber-Optic_Link_Around_the_Globe=Fiber-Optic Link Around the Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edu-Ware=Edu-Ware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenSkills=OpenSkills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Brewing_Co.=Stone Brewing Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Communications=Smart Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Ales=Rogue Ales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Occitane_en_Provence=L'Occitane en Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Digital_Press=Indigo Digital Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearle_Opticians=Pearle Opticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerner=Cerner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alibaba_Group=Alibaba Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Candy=Mind Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hino_Motors=Hino Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter_International=Baxter International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorman_Long=Dorman Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Milner_Casgrain=Fraser Milner Casgrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Program_Exchange=The Program Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stirling_Energy_Systems=Stirling Energy Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundstone=Foundstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quad_Electroacoustics=Quad Electroacoustics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meo_(mobile_phone_company)=Meo (mobile phone company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Breweries_Group=United Breweries Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelme_(company)=Kelme (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Pharmaceuticals=King Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevylor=Sevylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Combine_Manufacturing_Company=Iran Combine Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizet=Wizet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analysis_Group=Analysis Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kynoch=Kynoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yugoslav_Railways=Yugoslav Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_Commerce=Click Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNCM=SNCM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Rey_Books=Del Rey Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Mitchell_Restaurants=Cameron Mitchell Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskoka_Cottage_Brewery=Muskoka Cottage Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAD_Electronics=NAD Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landwind=Landwind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceridian=Ceridian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PriceRite=PriceRite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripplewood_Holdings=Ripplewood Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTC_(Bahamas)=BTC (Bahamas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Computing_Centre=National Computing Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royce'=Royce'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R-Kioski=R-Kioski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantic_Dream=Quantic Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collier_Motors=Collier Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Lee_Music=Tom Lee Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExecPC_BBS=ExecPC BBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Brewing_Company=Michigan Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spaceship_Company=The Spaceship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roussel_Uclaf=Roussel Uclaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Home_Entertainment=MGM Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RE/Search=RE/Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Weird_Video=Something Weird Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Power=Micro Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnsonville_Foods=Johnsonville Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iogen_Corporation=Iogen Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intellisync=Intellisync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Indigo=Hotel Indigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selecta_(dairy_products)=Selecta (dairy products)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haigh's_Chocolates=Haigh's Chocolates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HKS,_Inc.=HKS, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMEinfo.com=AMEinfo.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighting=Eighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wiz_(store)=The Wiz (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Skateboards=Blind Skateboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Music_Entertainment_Japan=Sony Music Entertainment Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpina=Alpina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazama_Corporation=Hazama Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitburger_brewery=Bitburger brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung=Samsung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Audio=Wilson Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LuAZ=LuAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Path,_Inc.=Critical Path, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Generation_Advisory_Council=Space Generation Advisory Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okaya_Optical=Okaya Optical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hella_(company)=Hella (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantest=Advantest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_Land_Trust=Waltham Land Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfords=Halfords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PVH_(company)=PVH (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmike_Cinemas=Carmike Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Aerospace_Science_and_Technology_Corporation=China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPIC=SPIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Rail=Brookfield Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshen=Roshen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lensbaby=Lensbaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julien_Inc.=Julien Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leucadia_National=Leucadia National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch_Beverage_Company=Monarch Beverage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_Fried_Chicken=Kennedy Fried Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emprise_Bank=Emprise Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilley's=Tilley's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorola_Solutions=Motorola Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Spur_Rail_Services=South Spur Rail Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_National=Pacific National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Railroad_Group=Australian Railroad Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesfarmers=Wesfarmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Cloud_Xchange=Global Cloud Xchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OM_Group=OM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Steel_Group=International Steel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megatech_(Indonesian_company)=Megatech (Indonesian company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonat=Sonat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ImageMovers=ImageMovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freenet_AG=Freenet AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_for_Reform_Judaism=Movement for Reform Judaism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laqtel=Laqtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RBC_Bank=RBC Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonbeam_Entertainment=Moonbeam Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equitable_PCI_Bank=Equitable PCI Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Indian_Peninsula_Railway=Great Indian Peninsula Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballistic_Recovery_Systems=Ballistic Recovery Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Market=Open Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Red=Midland Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillig_Corporation=Gillig Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costcutter=Costcutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_(company)=Panic (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubio's_Fresh_Mexican_Grill=Rubio's Fresh Mexican Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boffo_Games=Boffo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Casino=Groupe Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breguet_(watch)=Breguet (watch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Hochbahn=Hamburger Hochbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_International_Media_Networks_(Europe)=Viacom International Media Networks (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Power_Corporation=Western Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affiliated_Computer_Services=Affiliated Computer Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Motor_Manufacturing_UK=Nissan Motor Manufacturing UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soap_(shoes)=Soap (shoes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt's_Bees=Burt's Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.rev=G.rev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewitt_Associates=Hewitt Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Television=China Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CGI_Group=CGI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Services=Kelly Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RVCA=RVCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtutech=Virtutech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheese_Nips=Cheese Nips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NICTA=NICTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandlines=Scandlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techint=Techint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LSG_Sky_Chefs=LSG Sky Chefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weblogs,_Inc.=Weblogs, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lian_Li=Lian Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrania=Ferrania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Mart=Mammoth Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horipro=Horipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberman_Broadcasting=Liberman Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otter_Creek_Brewing=Otter Creek Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save-On-Foods=Save-On-Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgewater_Associates=Bridgewater Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrifty_Foods=Thrifty Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buca_di_Beppo=Buca di Beppo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Jeans=Just Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawa_Moto=Jawa Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avis_Rent_a_Car_System=Avis Rent a Car System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indica_Gallery=Indica Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brembo=Brembo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollo_Tropical=Pollo Tropical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipley_Do-Nuts=Shipley Do-Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayto_(Northern_Ireland)=Tayto (Northern Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_(mobile_phone_company)=Au (mobile phone company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candlewood_Suites=Candlewood Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Givaudan=Givaudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuk2=Timbuk2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Interactive=Mercury Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia_Marine_and_Heavy_Engineering=Malaysia Marine and Heavy Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sock_Shop=Sock Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyne_and_Wear_Passenger_Transport_Executive=Tyne and Wear Passenger Transport Executive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerber_Scientific=Gerber Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaper_Miniatures=Reaper Miniatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-mart=E-mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khazanah_Nasional=Khazanah Nasional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_&_Black's=Green & Black's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matchless=Matchless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_Gourmet=Gate Gourmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopard=Chopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Power=Tata Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Stock_Exchange=Cyprus Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zim_Integrated_Shipping_Services=Zim Integrated Shipping Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujikon=Fujikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-drive=I-drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fincantieri=Fincantieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Buchman=Dana Buchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenny_Rogers_Roasters=Kenny Rogers Roasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerostar=Aerostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephone_and_Data_Systems=Telephone and Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_International_Capital=Dubai International Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilsner_Urquell_Brewery=Pilsner Urquell Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Champion=American Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_of_New_Zealand=Canterbury of New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinetic_Honda=Kinetic Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Industries_Taxila=Heavy Industries Taxila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Fat=Full Fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posten_AB=Posten AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posten_Norge=Posten Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portillo's_Restaurants=Portillo's Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debenhams_Ireland=Debenhams Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Aircraft=Columbia Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Guys=Five Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Valley_Tools=Lee Valley Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KingsIsle_Entertainment=KingsIsle Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamit_Company=Lamit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Interactive=Her Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Freight_Tools=Harbor Freight Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreyfus_Corporation=Dreyfus Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TelecityGroup=TelecityGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru.com=Guru.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highmark=Highmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/84_Lumber=84 Lumber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahaha_Joint_Venture_Company=Wahaha Joint Venture Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outerwall=Outerwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KinderCare_Learning_Centers=KinderCare Learning Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telcel=Telcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia_Radio_Corporation=West Virginia Radio Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trump_Organization=The Trump Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet_Group=Comet Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Energy=Allegheny Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mylan=Mylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pen_&_Pencil_Club=Pen & Pencil Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebMoney=WebMoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport_Research_Laboratory=Transport Research Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOHAB=NOHAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MARC_USA=MARC USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F5_Networks=F5 Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D&M_Holdings=D&M Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Northwest_Bell=Pacific Northwest Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Standards_Project=Web Standards Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathan's_Famous=Nathan's Famous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoco=Sonoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnergyAustralia_(state_government_enterprise)=EnergyAustralia (state government enterprise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Brands=Energy Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospace_Industries_Association=Aerospace Industries Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryzta=Aryzta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelcase=Steelcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Machinery=Delta Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentair=Pentair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finos_Film=Finos Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjin_Shipping=Hanjin Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITEC_City=HITEC City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal-Mogul=Federal-Mogul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Grid_Corporation_of_India=Power Grid Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MegaFon=MegaFon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresenius_Medical_Care=Fresenius Medical Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applix=Applix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keolis=Keolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETECSA=ETECSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Insurance_Group=RSA Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZF_Electronics=ZF Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potash_Corporation_of_Saskatchewan=Potash Corporation of Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginetta_Cars=Ginetta Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talisman_Energy=Talisman Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_24=Planet 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Voice_Media=Village Voice Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hovertravel=Hovertravel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrocaribe=Petrocaribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ResMed=ResMed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_Bones=Smokey Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discount_Drug_Mart=Discount Drug Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larsen_&_Toubro=Larsen & Toubro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longines=Longines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eizo=Eizo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Productions=Crawford Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEVA_Logistics=CEVA Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyrodyne_Company_of_America=Gyrodyne Company of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propaganda_Games=Propaganda Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrotech_Corporation=Astrotech Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCE_Santa_Monica_Studio=SCE Santa Monica Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intralot=Intralot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neste_Oil=Neste Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDO_Corporation=EDO Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Teachers'_Pension_Plan=Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correios=Correios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Salt=Morton Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_&_I_Holdings_Co.=Seven & I Holdings Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radvision=Radvision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peach-Pit=Peach-Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkback_(production_company)=Talkback (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AbeBooks=AbeBooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compal_Electronics=Compal Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedford_Vehicles=Bedford Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERF_(truck_manufacturer)=ERF (truck manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_American=Reynolds American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Players=Famous Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luby's=Luby's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Group=Salomon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REFER=REFER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Data_Corporation=International Data Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis's=Lewis's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yum-Yum_Donuts=Yum-Yum Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Artists_Productions=Associated Artists Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_MotoCorp=Hero MotoCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linx_(railway_company)=Linx (railway company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POM_Wonderful=POM Wonderful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balmer_Lawrie=Balmer Lawrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryman_Hospitality_Properties=Ryman Hospitality Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_Shopping_America_Trust=Centro Shopping America Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Transit_Services=Millennium Transit Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Foods=Diamond Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Sports=Prince Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurasia_Group=Eurasia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housemarque=Housemarque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stocznia_Gdynia=Stocznia Gdynia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCB_(company)=UCB (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_World_Entertainment=Trans World Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayflower_Transit=Mayflower Transit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Van_Lines=United Van Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Van_Lines=Global Van Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Van_Lines=Atlas Van Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniGroup=UniGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Solutions=Sonic Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sizzler=Sizzler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Steakhouse_&_Saloon=Lone Star Steakhouse & Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Postbank=Deutsche Postbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FTSE_Group=FTSE Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.M._Entertainment=S.M. Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackthorne_Publishing=Blackthorne Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGames=EGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_Broadcasting_Company=Capitol Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_Caetano=Salvador Caetano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chas._T._Main=Chas. T. Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bekins_Van_Lines,_Inc.=Bekins Van Lines, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budget_Rent_a_Car=Budget Rent a Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RadiSys=RadiSys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company_of_Canada=Ford Motor Company of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_Telco=Southern Cross Telco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin.net=Virgin.net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_River=Digital River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACCO_Brands=ACCO Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwan_Food_Company=Schwan Food Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Holdings=Crown Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_Rents=Volvo Rents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outerlight=Outerlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Motor_Manufacturing_Company=Premier Motor Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Beardmore_and_Company=William Beardmore and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Group=Santander Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Display_Works=International Display Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Weis_Productions=Margaret Weis Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Insurance_Group=Erie Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lear_Corporation=Lear Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freesat=Freesat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Santander_Totta=Banco Santander Totta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldar_Properties=Aldar Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goznak=Goznak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITA_Software=ITA Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_LaFrance=American LaFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICA_Banken=ICA Banken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earl_of_Sandwich_(restaurant)=Earl of Sandwich (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XCOR_Aerospace=XCOR Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portugal_Telecom=Portugal Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Pacific=Ocean Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Aluminium_Company=National Aluminium Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masco=Masco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picatinny_Arsenal=Picatinny Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namesco=Namesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geron_Corporation=Geron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manufacturers_Hanover_Corporation=Manufacturers Hanover Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Oil=Lucas Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Power=International Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralliart=Ralliart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasshopper_Manufacture=Grasshopper Manufacture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SESAC=SESAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_Public_Affairs_Committee_UK=Muslim Public Affairs Committee UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Petroleum_Corporation=China National Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Oilfield_Services=China Oilfield Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexar=Lexar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Natural_Gas=Phoenix Natural Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiseido=Shiseido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobe_Steel=Kobe Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marui=Marui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikko_Cordial=Nikko Cordial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BelAZ=BelAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Flour_Mills=Nippon Flour Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTE_Energy=DTE Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TigerDirect=TigerDirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Thumb_Food_&_Pharmacy=Tom Thumb Food & Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cressi-Sub=Cressi-Sub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Cinema=Star Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4Frontiers_Corporation=4Frontiers Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Car_Rental=National Car Rental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Energy=Devon Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Grid_plc=National Grid plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD_Baby=CD Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amec_Foster_Wheeler=Amec Foster Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Press=J. Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vultee_Aircraft=Vultee Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallis_(retailer)=Wallis (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duple_Metsec=Duple Metsec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamod=Mamod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetroPCS=MetroPCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Companies=Williams Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Band_Instrument_Company=Martin Band Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGERPRES=AGERPRES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftal=Naftal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empyrean_Brewing_Company=Empyrean Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gravity_Group=The Gravity Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VertigoXmedia=VertigoXmedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Polska=Orange Polska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenrin=Zenrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymer=Hymer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Keizai=Toyo Keizai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikkei_Business_Publications=Nikkei Business Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toys_for_Bob=Toys for Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_(models)=Arnold (models)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMS_Entertainment=TMS Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickfords=Pickfords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASmallWorld=ASmallWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuanian_National_Radio_and_Television=Lithuanian National Radio and Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacenet=Spacenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazelden_Foundation=Hazelden Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audemars_Piguet=Audemars Piguet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECosCentric=ECosCentric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkway_Pantai=Parkway Pantai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglian_Water=Anglian Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airhitch=Airhitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edelbrock=Edelbrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Underground=Blue Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetEase=NetEase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_American_Transportation_Corporation=General American Transportation Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_&_Dean=Pearl & Dean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coty,_Inc.=Coty, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Property_Group=Simon Property Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meebo=Meebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Society_of_Human_Reproduction_and_Embryology=European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_Publishing,_Inc.=ABS-CBN Publishing, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_5_Studios=Red 5 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Central_Arkansas_Electric_Cooperative=South Central Arkansas Electric Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COMSAT=COMSAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craighead_Electric_Cooperative=Craighead Electric Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leung_So_Kee=Leung So Kee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Leaf_Foods=Maple Leaf Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane_Co.=Crane Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primus_Telecom=Primus Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Education_Group=Apollo Education Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webfoot_Technologies=Webfoot Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_&_J_Snack_Foods=J & J Snack Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tetris_Company=The Tetris Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUSE=SUSE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlson_Wagonlit_Travel=Carlson Wagonlit Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Data_Images=Pacific Data Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Baer=Les Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trophogen=Trophogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylorcraft_Aircraft=Taylorcraft Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immediate_Music=Immediate Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovum_Ltd.=Ovum Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangea_Software=Pangea Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Santander=Banco Santander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrocentro=Metrocentro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VF_Corporation=VF Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Armament_Co.=Robinson Armament Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Jones_Investments=Edward Jones Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ameritech_Cellular=Ameritech Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiftPort_Group=LiftPort Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Aircraft=Titan Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loehle_Aircraft=Loehle Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._W._Spear_&_Sons=J. W. Spear & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eni=Eni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enarsa=Enarsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantagram=Phantagram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_Games=2K Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Limited=Vector Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Bank_of_the_Philippines=Union Bank of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttle_Japan=Shuttle Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credence_Systems=Credence Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animax=Animax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Game_Studios=Beautiful Game Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esprit_Holdings=Esprit Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeSoto_(automobile)=DeSoto (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivisimo=Vivisimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overstock.com=Overstock.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvelous_USA=Marvelous USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobal_Orning=Lobal Orning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roche_Diagnostics=Roche Diagnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarillo_National_Bank=Amarillo National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoigo=Yoigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JW_Marriott_Hotels=JW Marriott Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zehrs_Markets=Zehrs Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precious_Moments,_Inc.=Precious Moments, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_State_Telephone=Diamond State Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_Corporation=Carrier Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brit_plc=Brit plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittaranjan_Locomotive_Works=Chittaranjan Locomotive Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_Percussion_(company)=Latin Percussion (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSHEAN=OSHEAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaSentry=MediaSentry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile_Canada=Virgin Mobile Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Management_College_of_Southern_Africa=Management College of Southern Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_&_Company=Crawford & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Manuals_Development_Group=Precision Manuals Development Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewland=Hewland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rediffusion_Television=Rediffusion Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinnell=Vinnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Discs=Golden Discs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dryden_Municipal_Telephone_Service=Dryden Municipal Telephone Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_Corporation=Dial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meinl_Percussion=Meinl Percussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Gates_&_Ellis=Preston Gates & Ellis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_Studios=Evolution Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staples_Advantage=Staples Advantage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qulliq_Energy=Qulliq Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhilai_Steel_Plant=Bhilai Steel Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarkLogic=MarkLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susan_G._Komen_for_the_Cure=Susan G. Komen for the Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telemedia=Telemedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raincoast_Books=Raincoast Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZyLAB_Technologies=ZyLAB Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinney_Parking_Company=Kinney Parking Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbea=Orbea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence_Health_&_Services=Providence Health & Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houchens_Industries=Houchens Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_of_National_Affairs=Bureau of National Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrections_Corporation_of_America=Corrections Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EasyHotel=EasyHotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JBS_USA=JBS USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_&_Paykel=Fisher & Paykel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirloskar_Group=Kirloskar Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valrhona=Valrhona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_21_Real_Estate=Century 21 Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oricon=Oricon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coillte=Coillte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videocon=Videocon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowring_Brothers=Bowring Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takaya=Takaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screen_Gems=Screen Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubin_Design_Bureau=Rubin Design Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Arithmometer_Company=American Arithmometer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Yanjing_Brewery=Beijing Yanjing Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avex_Group=Avex Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Guitars=House of Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarusfilm=Belarusfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Brewing_Company=Frederick Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threadless=Threadless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transnet=Transnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Chemicals=Sterling Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Entertainment=ABC Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Worldwide_Television=MGM Worldwide Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulaner_Brewery=Paulaner Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionsgate_Home_Entertainment=Lionsgate Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stix_Baer_&_Fuller=Stix Baer & Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_Merchandise=Service Merchandise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ncell=Ncell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axalto=Axalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Air_Group=Alaska Air Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Nephew=Smith & Nephew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Gold_(mining)=Harmony Gold (mining)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Capital=Boeing Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Un_Limited=Be Un Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Parking_Authority=Toronto Parking Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GippsAero=GippsAero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluor_Corporation=Fluor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrom=Petrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Brothers_Productions=King Brothers Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invista=Invista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compile_(publisher)=Compile (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modulus_Guitars=Modulus Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_French_Ltd.=Samuel French Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Capital_Partners=Butler Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOW_HD=WOW HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSP_Media=DSP Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaskPower=SaskPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platform_Computing=Platform Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Cage=King of the Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xebec_(studio)=Xebec (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrovietnam=Petrovietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fareway=Fareway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_(IBM)=Think (IBM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusted_Computing_Group=Trusted Computing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Dimplex=Glen Dimplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emulex=Emulex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Blasters=Media Blasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickelodeon_Animation_Studio=Nickelodeon Animation Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voestalpine=Voestalpine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RE/MAX=RE/MAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_8_Motels=Super 8 Motels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinizing_Dry_Cleaning=Martinizing Dry Cleaning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldwell_Banker=Coldwell Banker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton_Inn=Hampton Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ActewAGL=ActewAGL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COMSOL_Multiphysics=COMSOL Multiphysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upromise=Upromise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7-Eleven_Speak_Out_Wireless=7-Eleven Speak Out Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Telematics=Tiger Telematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinemex=Cinemex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digiweb=Digiweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BudgeCo=BudgeCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_National_Gaming=Penn National Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glu_Mobile=Glu Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razorline=Razorline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryland_Homes=Ryland Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Hynix=SK Hynix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Data_Systems=Zenith Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sili_Bank=Sili Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Pictures=Wicked Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judd_(engine)=Judd (engine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Sherman=Ben Sherman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai-ichi_Life=Dai-ichi Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane's_Combat_Simulations=Jane's Combat Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairn_Energy=Cairn Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOWER_Software=TOWER Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECW_Press=ECW Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KCC_Corporation=KCC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Boots=Alliance Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Public_Schools=Denver Public Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roku,_Inc.=Roku, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Safety_Research=Mountain Safety Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wharf_(Holdings)=The Wharf (Holdings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Hat_Harry_Productions=Bad Hat Harry Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Natural=New Zealand Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toe_Rag_Studios=Toe Rag Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnoldo_Mondadori_Editore=Arnoldo Mondadori Editore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepper_Lunch=Pepper Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Softee=Mister Softee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Dave's=Famous Dave's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamboni_Company=Zamboni Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slim_Devices=Slim Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamFactory=DreamFactory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Studios_Austin=Acclaim Studios Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HB_Studios=HB Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadline_Games=Deadline Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Ninja=Team Ninja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bessemer_Venture_Partners=Bessemer Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaiian_Telcom=Hawaiian Telcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentalog=Pentalog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ning_(website)=Ning (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Island=Stone Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europcar=Europcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdaCore=AdaCore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Sport_Karate_Association=International Sport Karate Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avibras=Avibras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Racing_League=Rocket Racing League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexam=Rexam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenterPoint_Energy=CenterPoint Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Schilling_&_Company=A. Schilling & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raging_Stallion_Studios=Raging Stallion Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericsson_Mobile_Platforms=Ericsson Mobile Platforms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Hospitals=Apollo Hospitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK-II=SK-II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VocalTec=VocalTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Worcester=Royal Worcester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederegger=Niederegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brompton_Bicycle=Brompton Bicycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Canada_Communications=Mid-Canada Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaly's=Isaly's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_Missile=Model Missile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunCom=SunCom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadtek=Leadtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BFG_Technologies=BFG Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogent_Communications=Cogent Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Telecom_Holding=Global Telecom Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detica=Detica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psygnosis=Psygnosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QLogic=QLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avio=Avio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Forgemasters=Sheffield Forgemasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Enterprise=Mega Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinkx=Blinkx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyulka=Lyulka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intertrust_Technologies_Corporation=Intertrust Technologies Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savvis=Savvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Pizza=Boston Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbo_Video=Jumbo Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugal=Brugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_'n_Save=Pay 'n Save
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Link_(company)=City Link (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Ears=Ultimate Ears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frucor=Frucor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_Creators=The Game Creators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saku_Brewery=Saku Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_F_Booth=C F Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIBC_FirstCaribbean_International_Bank=CIBC FirstCaribbean International Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morinda_Bioactives=Morinda Bioactives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Techwin=Samsung Techwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Broadcast_Corporation=Metro Broadcast Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliath_(car)=Goliath (car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket_Wireless=Cricket Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobart_Group=Stobart Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CarMax=CarMax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoNation=AutoNation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Oilwell_Varco=National Oilwell Varco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Presto_Industries=National Presto Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agetec=Agetec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamm_AG=Hamm AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centaline_Property_Agency=Centaline Property Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ineos=Ineos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebird_Film_Company=Bluebird Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhmys=Kazakhmys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BorgWarner=BorgWarner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyker_Cars=Spyker Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gala_Coral_Group=Gala Coral Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Family_Publishers=American Family Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Broadband_Network=Hong Kong Broadband Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artoon=Artoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hapoel_Tel_Aviv=Hapoel Tel Aviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoGet=GoGet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panalpina=Panalpina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longs_Drugs=Longs Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Employees'_Provident_Fund_Organisation_of_India=Employees' Provident Fund Organisation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calleva=Calleva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cytec_Industries=Cytec Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aramex=Aramex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STX_Corporation=STX Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Grocers_of_Florida=Associated Grocers of Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamada_Denki=Yamada Denki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ams_AG=Ams AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copernic=Copernic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgepoint_Capital=Bridgepoint Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_International_Pictures=United International Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_City_Software=Frog City Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_Foods=Pinnacle Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saban_Entertainment=Saban Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Reserve=Gold Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun_Pictures=Rising Sun Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orcon_Internet_Limited=Orcon Internet Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soup2Nuts=Soup2Nuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reef_(company)=Reef (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_Tower_Bible_and_Tract_Society_of_Pennsylvania=Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saitek=Saitek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedior=Vedior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBM_Offshore=SBM Offshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIT_Group=CIT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuyorican_Productions=Nuyorican Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentino's=Valentino's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arturia=Arturia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_For_Teaching_Entrepreneurship=Network For Teaching Entrepreneurship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maltron=Maltron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellcom_(United_States)=Cellcom (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life:)_Ukraine=Life:) Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tohato=Tohato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennelec=Tennelec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itera=Itera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayer_Corporation=Bayer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visma=Visma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biomet=Biomet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDW=CDW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidere=Solidere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Stores=Ross Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinven=Cinven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunovion=Sunovion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma-Aldrich=Sigma-Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufry=Dufry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celgene=Celgene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Education_Corporation=Career Education Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancol_Dreamland=Ancol Dreamland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comverse_Technology=Comverse Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wataniya_Telecom=Wataniya Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusted_Information_Systems=Trusted Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune_Entertainment=Tribune Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Television_Network=Independent Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Japan=Microsoft Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VARTA=VARTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotring=Rotring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provigo=Provigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferies_Group=Jefferies Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Creuset=Le Creuset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayonier=Rayonier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandhills_Publishing_Company=Sandhills Publishing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incorporated_Council_of_Law_Reporting=Incorporated Council of Law Reporting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieft_Cars=Kieft Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geniki_Bank=Geniki Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeg_(appliances)=Smeg (appliances)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raindance_Communications=Raindance Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Bruxelles_Lambert=Groupe Bruxelles Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamron=Tamron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockta=Cockta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEITEC=CEITEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net*One=Net*One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LXD_Incorporated=LXD Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Trading=Cook Trading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torys=Torys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRA_International=SRA International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manroland=Manroland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inxight=Inxight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Authority=Sports Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSK_Holdings_Corporation=CSK Holdings Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watanabe_Productions=Watanabe Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_Americas=Claro Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_Alternatives_Incorporated=Development Alternatives Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartge=Hartge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenEye_Scientific_Software=OpenEye Scientific Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACTEW_Corporation=ACTEW Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Comics_(1950s)=Atlas Comics (1950s)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Corona=Smith Corona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media.Vision=Media.Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuddruckers=Fuddruckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanmina_Corporation=Sanmina Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anadarko_Petroleum=Anadarko Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCORE!_Educational_Centers=SCORE! Educational Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exetel=Exetel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Channel=West Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farm_Boy=Farm Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ID&T=ID&T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Food_Stores=Associated Food Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affiliated_Foods_Midwest=Affiliated Foods Midwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kofax=Kofax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antara_(news_agency)=Antara (news agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WingNut_Films=WingNut Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_Canada=General Motors Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Candle=Yankee Candle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insightec=Insightec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugbear_Entertainment=Bugbear Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetbay_Supermarket=Sweetbay Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cub_Crafters=Cub Crafters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Wholesalers=Associated Wholesalers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_(supermarket)=Wong (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mengniu_Dairy=Mengniu Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Builders_Square=Builders Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavilions_(supermarket)=Pavilions (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Communications=Alaska Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_International=Globe International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerson=Hammerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualitynet=Qualitynet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shout!_Factory=Shout! Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpublic_Group_of_Companies=Interpublic Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Coffee=Mr. Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancestry.com=Ancestry.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarden=Jarden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_AeroSystems=Spirit AeroSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feinwerkbau=Feinwerkbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bekaert=Bekaert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoJack=LoJack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printers_Inc._Bookstore=Printers Inc. Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bial=Bial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTT_Correios_de_Portugal,_S.A.=CTT Correios de Portugal, S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holdsworth=Holdsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_UFJ_Capital=Mitsubishi UFJ Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGF_(company)=AGF (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockabout_Comics=Knockabout Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Balance=New Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affiliated_Foods_Southwest=Affiliated Foods Southwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Ward_Productions=Jay Ward Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openwave=Openwave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/URM_Stores=URM Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topper_(sports)=Topper (sports)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moodyz=Moodyz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actimel=Actimel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feral_Interactive=Feral Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennigan's=Bennigan's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romano's_Macaroni_Grill=Romano's Macaroni Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_Sea_Foods=Legal Sea Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snapfish=Snapfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutterfly=Shutterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Power_Shovel_Company=Marion Power Shovel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanda=Shanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Online=United Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertu=Vertu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchibo=Tchibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amtelco=Amtelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botswana_Stock_Exchange=Botswana Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaziland_Stock_Exchange=Swaziland Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Productions=Ocean Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_Securities_Exchange=Uganda Securities Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahoo!_HotJobs=Yahoo! HotJobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire_Water=Yorkshire Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foot_Locker=Foot Locker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AsiaSoft=AsiaSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamania=Gamania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derbi=Derbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lao_Brewery_Company=Lao Brewery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_watches=Vostok watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosiden=Hosiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man_Steam_Packet_Company=Isle of Man Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HID_Global=HID Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Rail_(Australia)=Great Southern Rail (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_Tavern=Blue Moon Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenneco=Tenneco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utilimaster_Corporation=Utilimaster Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Best_Comics=America's Best Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welsh_Water=Welsh Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Morris_International=Philip Morris International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Telecommunications=Fast Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rysher_Entertainment=Rysher Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlotzsky's=Schlotzsky's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Boston=First Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_&_Ness=Mitchell & Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K&W_Cafeterias=K&W Cafeterias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motive,_Inc=Motive, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Queen=Speed Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientigo=Scientigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Price_Books=Half Price Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNH_Global=CNH Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotel=Rotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOL_Group=MOL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barracuda_Networks=Barracuda Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallow_Sidecar_Company=Swallow Sidecar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_Adams_Shoe_Company=Stacy Adams Shoe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VoicePulse=VoicePulse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancake_Parlour=Pancake Parlour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Corporation=Case Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DST_Systems=DST Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasarana_Malaysia=Prasarana Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Supply=ABC Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townsend_Thoresen=Townsend Thoresen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATMNet=ATMNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner_Cable=Time Warner Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adecco=Adecco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Cable_Internet=Aurora Cable Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrock_Holdings=Shamrock Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_Interactive=ABS-CBN Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terayon=Terayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Studios=Rainbow Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacon=Vacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maas_Brothers=Maas Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarillo_Design_Bureau=Amarillo Design Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SureWest=SureWest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abercrombie_kids=Abercrombie kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFI=DFI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bembos=Bembos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweitzer_Engineering_Laboratories=Schweitzer Engineering Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prismacolor=Prismacolor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Brewery,_Inc.=Lion Brewery, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Enterprise_Research_Institute=Digital Enterprise Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArcelorMittal_Kryvyi_Rih=ArcelorMittal Kryvyi Rih
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EOTech=EOTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ORLEN_Lietuva=ORLEN Lietuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brantly_International=Brantly International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Publishing_Worldwide=Disney Publishing Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cablevision_(Canada)=Cablevision (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telent=Telent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyCable=SkyCable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerberos_Productions=Kerberos Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dymocks_Booksellers=Dymocks Booksellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarecraft=Clarecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Geotechnical_Institute=Norwegian Geotechnical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Bechstein_Pianofortefabrik=C. Bechstein Pianofortefabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin'en_Multimedia=Shin'en Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubuisson_Brewery=Dubuisson Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumpert=Gumpert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Finance=Intelligent Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_&_West=Bristol & West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felpausch=Felpausch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apatin_Brewery=Apatin Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Clyde=Radio Clyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenwick_(department_store)=Fenwick (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider's_Bakery=Schneider's Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceradyne=Ceradyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men's_Wearhouse=Men's Wearhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_Gump_Shrimp_Company=Bubba Gump Shrimp Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpaso_Productions=Malpaso Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Union_(supermarket)=Grand Union (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busboy_Productions=Busboy Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styria_Media_Group=Styria Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framus=Framus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie_du_Bocq=Brasserie du Bocq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arush_Entertainment=Arush Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahama_Breeze=Bahama Breeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VWR_International=VWR International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Midshires=Birmingham Midshires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeppesen=Jeppesen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxconn=Foxconn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorillard_Tobacco_Company=Lorillard Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsair_Components=Corsair Components
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londonderry_and_Lough_Swilly_Railway=Londonderry and Lough Swilly Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBA_Aviation=BBA Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UST_Global=UST Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujita_(company)=Fujita (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thames_Water=Thames Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyevale_Garden_Centres=Wyevale Garden Centres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Home_Centers=Ernst Home Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZST=ZST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_Supply_Chain=DHL Supply Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Brands=Internet Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gieves_&_Hawkes=Gieves & Hawkes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Alexander_Coachbuilders=Walter Alexander Coachbuilders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krombacher_Brauerei=Krombacher Brauerei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XFX=XFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFS_(British_retailer)=DFS (British retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Maryja=Radio Maryja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabeel_Ecumenical_Liberation_Theology_Center=Sabeel Ecumenical Liberation Theology Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heineken_Asia_Pacific=Heineken Asia Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homewood_Suites_by_Hilton=Homewood Suites by Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Inns=Enterprise Inns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cofinimmo=Cofinimmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colruyt_Group=Colruyt Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisker_Coachbuild=Fisker Coachbuild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenair=Zenair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENSOC=ENSOC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermountain_Healthcare=Intermountain Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Technologies=Phoenix Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military.com=Military.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifetime_Entertainment_Services=Lifetime Entertainment Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedcoEnergi=MedcoEnergi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonhams=Bonhams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esure=Esure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempinski=Kempinski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAL_Corporation=UAL Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennzoil=Pennzoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_British_Ports=Associated British Ports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_Group_S.A.=Colt Group S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Medien=Constantin Medien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocock_Racing_Shells=Pocock Racing Shells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zany_Brainy=Zany Brainy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britannia_Industries=Britannia Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Cycles=Hero Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OHB_System=OHB System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Containers=Sea Containers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Elektra=Grupo Elektra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimmel=Rimmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galderma=Galderma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco_Corporation=Tesco Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moixa=Moixa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSDC,_Inc.=SSDC, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyo_Bank=Joyo Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisters=Twisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Image=Silicon Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacMillan_Bloedel=MacMillan Bloedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_I/O=Data I/O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterVideo=InterVideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Yard=12 Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallberg-Rassy=Hallberg-Rassy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Skateboards=Almost Skateboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Hornsby_&_Sons=Richard Hornsby & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Digital=Walker Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Univar_Canada=Univar Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Holidays=Thomson Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denso=Denso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomberg_News=Bloomberg News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Boshoku=Toyota Boshoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_Commodity_Exchange=Yokohama Commodity Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monogram_models=Monogram models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trustpower=Trustpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polferries=Polferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kullen=King Kullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nongshim=Nongshim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greggs=Greggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEMATECH=SEMATECH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Botanical_Garden=Idaho Botanical Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Rights=Entertainment Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Power_International=British Power International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Hoare_&_Co=C. Hoare & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humax=Humax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxi_(Canadian_supermarket)=Maxi (Canadian supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webshots=Webshots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dual_(brand)=Dual (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassano's_Pizza_King=Cassano's Pizza King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topps_Tiles=Topps Tiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ynet=Ynet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhino_Video_Games=Rhino Video Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_Honda=Dongfeng Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_Motor_Company=Dongfeng Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_Yueda_Kia=Dongfeng Yueda Kia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Rock_Girl_Guitars=Daisy Rock Girl Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_A_Lister_and_Company=R A Lister and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenko_(company)=Kenko (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slingsby_Aviation=Slingsby Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_France=HSBC France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_(Turkey)=HSBC Bank (Turkey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_Australia=HSBC Bank Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_(Europe)=HSBC Bank (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allbritton_Communications=Allbritton Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randstad_Holding=Randstad Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginebra_San_Miguel=Ginebra San Miguel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altadis=Altadis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauer_Hockey=Bauer Hockey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Center_Arms=Thompson Center Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Level_Games=Next Level Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printemps=Printemps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KT_Corporation=KT Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkermes_(company)=Alkermes (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_TriStar_Motion_Picture_Group=Columbia TriStar Motion Picture Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peckham's=Peckham's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MICROS_Systems=MICROS Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakers_Delight=Bakers Delight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurley_International=Hurley International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picturehouse_(company)=Picturehouse (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domo_Gasoline=Domo Gasoline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBBJ=NBBJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CROTRAM=CROTRAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosoboronexport=Rosoboronexport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEMSA=TEMSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrigo=Perrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Sales_Group=Music Sales Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Sport=BBC Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forum_Snowboarding=Forum Snowboarding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._G._Bagnall=W. G. Bagnall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build-A-Bear_Workshop=Build-A-Bear Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millstream_Brewing=Millstream Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Roadshow_Theme_Parks=Village Roadshow Theme Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Roma's=Tony Roma's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yandex=Yandex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GS_Group=GS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacoal=Wacoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolford=Wolford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaboard_Corporation=Seaboard Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Danmark=Post Danmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Entertainment=Liquid Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Communications=Fisher Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibis_(bicycles)=Ibis (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Park=Inter Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCIX_(Company)=NCIX (Company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Market=G-Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WildTangent=WildTangent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Del_Monte_Produce=Fresh Del Monte Produce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Monte_Foods=Del Monte Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Uplus=LG Uplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framnaes=Framnaes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombow=Tombow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faber-Castell=Faber-Castell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Entertainment=Radical Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AtomicPark.com=AtomicPark.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_&_Knowlton=Hill & Knowlton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JC_Royal=JC Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daigaku_Honyaku_Center=Daigaku Honyaku Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delsey=Delsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat'n_Park=Eat'n Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumho_Tires=Kumho Tires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Quinta_Inns_&_Suites=La Quinta Inns & Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Card=Hyundai Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Capital=Hyundai Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAWAG_P.S.K.=BAWAG P.S.K.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordseewerke=Nordseewerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MW_Tux=MW Tux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meters/bonwe=Meters/bonwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David's_Bridal=David's Bridal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAS_Shoemakers=SAS Shoemakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Sports_Cars=Turner Sports Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_21=Forever 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Otosan=Ford Otosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Animation=Nippon Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfast_Ferries=Superfast Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bally_Total_Fitness=Bally Total Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaeger_(clothing)=Jaeger (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russo-Balt=Russo-Balt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford-Vairogs=Ford-Vairogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvest_Bank=Arvest Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herschend_Family_Entertainment=Herschend Family Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backbone_Entertainment=Backbone Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campagna_Corporation=Campagna Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flunch=Flunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Four_Television_Corporation=Channel Four Television Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RightNow_Technologies=RightNow Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_and_Youth=Nature and Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Invention_Network=Open Invention Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Diet=Science Diet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zipp=Zipp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinepolis=Kinepolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Bank=Bangkok Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Properties=Colonial Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozenbyte=Frozenbyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barratt_Developments=Barratt Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metavante=Metavante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Energy_International=Panda Energy International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fran's_Restaurant=Fran's Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendleton_Woolen_Mills=Pendleton Woolen Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu_Skin_Enterprises=Nu Skin Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ito-Yokado=Ito-Yokado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipsos=Ipsos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Television_plc=Sky Television plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Chocolate_Company=Wilbur Chocolate Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorola_Mobility=Motorola Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Daddy's_BBQ_Sauce=Big Daddy's BBQ Sauce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telerama=Telerama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persimmon_plc=Persimmon plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travis_Perkins=Travis Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Group=Admiral Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConnectEast=ConnectEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indesit_Company=Indesit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosser_Glass=Mosser Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGMA=OGMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_Railways=Ukrainian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carhartt=Carhartt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Hamburgers=Max Hamburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekly_ST=Weekly ST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Drums_and_Percussion=Pacific Drums and Percussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Wonder=Sony Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AWB_Limited=AWB Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercheap_Auto=Supercheap Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_to_Door_Storage=Door to Door Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushes_Postproduction=Rushes Postproduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Living=Hi-Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Mart=Hi-Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boehringer_Ingelheim=Boehringer Ingelheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carillion=Carillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_Roshen_Factory=Kiev Roshen Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackburn_Radio=Blackburn Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCL_Construction=PCL Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Hardcore=Masters of Hardcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Weather=BBC Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellis_Group=Constellis Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun-Rype=Sun-Rype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Hotels_&_Resorts=Wyndham Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_Entertainment=Image Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Berger_Strategy_Consultants=Roland Berger Strategy Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Electrostatics_Corporation=National Electrostatics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Norman=Harvey Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Silver=Arctic Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ion_Media_Networks=Ion Media Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Pigeon=Flying Pigeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_(bicycles)=Robin Hood (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motor_Engineering_&_Manufacturing_North_America=Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komori=Komori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLA-Tencor=KLA-Tencor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCM_Holdings=SCM Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somec=Somec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griptonite_Games=Griptonite Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blundstone_Footwear=Blundstone Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_J._Gallagher_&_Co.=Arthur J. Gallagher & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bon-Ton=The Bon-Ton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VicRoads=VicRoads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ynetnews=Ynetnews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldsmith's=Goldsmith's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AWG_plc=AWG plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtel=Celtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Nelson_Sofres=Taylor Nelson Sofres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suunto=Suunto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Crust_(restaurant_chain)=Upper Crust (restaurant chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerruti=Cerruti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Czech_Republic=Vodafone Czech Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentano's=Brentano's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizitz=Pizitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foo_Go=Foo Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginsters=Ginsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberdrola=Iberdrola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLeodUSA=McLeodUSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PJ_Media=PJ Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_International_Pictures=Action International Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggreko=Aggreko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestax=Vestax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Splash=Urban Splash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Econo_Lodge=Econo Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHEP=CHEP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commission_Junction=Commission Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Wheeler=Foster Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Switch_&_Signal=Union Switch & Signal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safetran=Safetran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changan_Suzuki=Changan Suzuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang'an_Automobile_Group=Chang'an Automobile Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_Dyeing=Bombay Dyeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bible_Broadcasting_Network=Bible Broadcasting Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Segal=Fred Segal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Gas=Union Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Mining_Machinery=Joy Mining Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMG_(company)=CMG (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer_of_New_York=Kramer of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.B._Mason=W.B. Mason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darashaw=Darashaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geokinetics=Geokinetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SelecTV_(Australian_television)=SelecTV (Australian television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiga,_Inc.=Amiga, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Computing_Services=Radio Computing Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEMA=KEMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_Sports=2K Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noweco=Noweco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Environnement=Veolia Environnement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kum_&_Go=Kum & Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham_plc=Cobham plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdan_group=Bogdan group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramly_Burger=Ramly Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour_Beatty=Balfour Beatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Laing_plc=John Laing plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BSS_Industrial=BSS Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premium_Standard_Farms=Premium Standard Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa-Beta_Vassilopoulos=Alfa-Beta Vassilopoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeling-Pittsburgh_Steel=Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consol_Energy=Consol Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mine_Safety_Appliances=Mine Safety Appliances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarris_Candies=Sarris Candies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Development=Oxford Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Bank_Limited_Pakistan=United Bank Limited Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shilo_Inns=Shilo Inns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Group=Henderson Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grameenphone=Grameenphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promina_Group=Promina Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Foods=Northern Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costain_Group=Costain Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simson_(company)=Simson (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant_Homes=Bryant Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Woodrow=Taylor Woodrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Oil=Murphy Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Matthews_Farms=Bernard Matthews Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Baik=Al Baik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essilor=Essilor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seymour_Duncan=Seymour Duncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infratil=Infratil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HQM_Sachsenring_GmbH=HQM Sachsenring GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ribbon_(software_house)=Blue Ribbon (software house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBDA_Deutschland_GmbH=MBDA Deutschland GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redrow_plc=Redrow plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarthy_&_Stone=McCarthy & Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradivari_Society=Stradivari Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quepasa=Quepasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Business_Services=Orange Business Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Thrills=Raw Thrills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotto_Sport_Italia=Lotto Sport Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FKI=FKI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxol=Maxol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venrock=Venrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Markt=Media Markt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Water=United Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliamentarians_for_Global_Action=Parliamentarians for Global Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Spade_&_Company=Kate Spade & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_(company)=Creatures (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Central_Bell=South Central Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(sportswear)=Champion (sportswear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MYOB_(company)=MYOB (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solvay_(company)=Solvay (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inchcape_plc=Inchcape plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_(restaurant)=Eat (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_International_Media_Networks_The_Americas=Viacom International Media Networks The Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marman_Products=Marman Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Pioneer=DuPont Pioneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercon_Security=Intercon Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricola=Ricola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albemarle_Corporation=Albemarle Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Wireless=Midwest Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_SoundWorks=Cambridge SoundWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WellChoice=WellChoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meggitt=Meggitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beamish_and_Crawford=Beamish and Crawford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janssen_Pharmaceutica=Janssen Pharmaceutica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Animals_Studio=Bad Animals Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomkins_plc=Tomkins plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Public_Service=Arizona Public Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown's_Chicken_&_Pasta=Brown's Chicken & Pasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobay=Mobay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Boys=Eagle Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headlam_Group=Headlam Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Argentina=Telecom Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Internet=Adam Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitie=Mitie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBRE_Group=CBRE Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain_Radio_and_Television_Corporation=Bahrain Radio and Television Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelcz=Jelcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummond_Company=Drummond Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICE_Wireless=ICE Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novolipetsk_Steel=Novolipetsk Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMI_plc=IMI plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Farnell=Premier Farnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Aerospace_Industries=Turkish Aerospace Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripwire_Interactive=Tripwire Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiwatt=Hiwatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler_Group=Schindler Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBags.com=EBags.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Point_Firearms=Hi-Point Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knipex=Knipex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serco_Group=Serco Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancocas_Farm=Rancocas Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Rock_Studios=Turtle Rock Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenxuecity=Wenxuecity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BridgePort_Brewing_Company=BridgePort Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megatech_Software=Megatech Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRG_Energy=NRG Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jockey_International=Jockey International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegis_Defence_Services=Aegis Defence Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_Radio=Pandora Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Television_(TV_station)=Commercial Television (TV station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Shops=Rainbow Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedBalloon=RedBalloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Orb_Entertainment=Red Orb Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lick's_Homeburgers=Lick's Homeburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_National_Bank=Old National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_House_Networks=Bright House Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_South_Australia_Students_Association=University of South Australia Students Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laika_(company)=Laika (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renda_Broadcasting=Renda Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadstripe=Broadstripe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naspers=Naspers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonwit_Teller=Bonwit Teller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rambler_(portal)=Rambler (portal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interval_International=Interval International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DP_World=DP World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockholms_Enskilda_Bank=Stockholms Enskilda Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalia=Cavalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIMPO=SIMPO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denning_&_Fourcade,_Inc.=Denning & Fourcade, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viglen=Viglen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vornado_Realty_Trust=Vornado Realty Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Records=Om Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanee_Foods=Vanee Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infosys_BPO_Limited=Infosys BPO Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_International_Aviation=Evergreen International Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinbei_(marque)=Jinbei (marque)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dadi_Auto=Dadi Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Rung_Union_Car=Thai Rung Union Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_(Australian_television)=Galaxy (Australian television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BDO_International=BDO International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiagen=Qiagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Video=Family Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Theatre_Projects=Alberta Theatre Projects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Wild_Wings=Buffalo Wild Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Cat=Arctic Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fresh_Market=The Fresh Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riceland_Foods=Riceland Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney_Studios_Home_Entertainment=Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radio_Network_(Japan)=National Radio Network (Japan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireman's_Fund_Insurance_Company=Fireman's Fund Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interserve=Interserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Laboratories=Forest Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imera_(company)=Imera (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch_Taverns=Punch Taverns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altia=Altia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Aircraft_Holding_Company=Boeing Aircraft Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Trading_Company=Diamond Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Scarfe=Harris Scarfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanade=Avanade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Lang_Studios=Robert Lang Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrexham_Lager=Wrexham Lager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Automobile_Company=Dragon Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._S._Fry_&_Sons=J. S. Fry & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox_Animation=20th Century Fox Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kewpee=Kewpee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vectren=Vectren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoe_Carnival=Shoe Carnival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accuride_Corporation=Accuride Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Plastics=Berry Plastics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thistle_Hotels=Thistle Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonidas_(chocolate_maker)=Leonidas (chocolate maker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crnogorski_Telekom=Crnogorski Telekom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederate_Motors=Confederate Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACD_Systems=ACD Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastweb_(telecommunications_company)=Fastweb (telecommunications company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Mobis=Hyundai Mobis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_&_Wyoming=Genesee & Wyoming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_Holdings=Popular Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corner_Shot_Holdings=Corner Shot Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webzen_Games=Webzen Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transeast_Airlines=Transeast Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-GO=I-GO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_Communications=Axis Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Freightways=Consolidated Freightways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Hotels=Renaissance Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombo_Radyo_Philippines=Bombo Radyo Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck's_Club=Buck's Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Hualian_Group=Beijing Hualian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsehead_Corporation=Horsehead Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belhaven_Brewery=Belhaven Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Blue_Bug_Solutions=Big Blue Bug Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noticiero_Univision=Noticiero Univision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Televisa_Deportes=Televisa Deportes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K2_Sports=K2 Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H_&_R_Firearms=H & R Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_National_Bank_(California)=City National Bank (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetic_Video=Magnetic Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS/Fox_Video=CBS/Fox Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidar=Nidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitness_First=Fitness First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitz_Games=Blitz Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolkline=Norfolkline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RapidEye=RapidEye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Media=Virgin Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolsey_(clothing)=Wolsey (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zingerman's=Zingerman's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Capital=Media Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Trader_(UK)=Auto Trader (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Websense=Websense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schurz_Communications=Schurz Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walden_Media=Walden Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conestoga-Rovers_&_Associates=Conestoga-Rovers & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young's=Young's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_New_England=Verizon New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Chance_(body_armor)=Second Chance (body armor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Scripts=Express Scripts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Home_Entertainment=CBS Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hommell=Hommell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Taco=Mighty Taco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_USA=HSBC Bank USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investment_AB_Latour=Investment AB Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillet=Gillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Foods=Premier Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showcase_Cinemas=Showcase Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distillers_Company=Distillers Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Mobile_Terminal_Platform=Open Mobile Terminal Platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyWest,_Inc.=SkyWest, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestron_Electronics=Crestron Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LVN_Pictures=LVN Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouch_Vale_Brewery=Crouch Vale Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRIN=IRIN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Vibrations_(sex_shop)=Good Vibrations (sex shop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRF_Limited=MRF Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwest=Norwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Airways_Holdings=Republic Airways Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husaberg=Husaberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawlings_(company)=Rawlings (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Hood=HP Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Firma_Capital_Partners=Terra Firma Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Bureau_of_Shipping=American Bureau of Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatties=Beatties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capezio=Capezio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_City_Poland=Cinema City Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szybka_Kolej_Miejska_(Tricity)=Szybka Kolej Miejska (Tricity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_West_Company=The North West Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.J.Maxx=T.J.Maxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Transmission=Allison Transmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doraville_Assembly=Doraville Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Audio=M-Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kordia=Kordia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRHI_Hotels_&_Resorts=FRHI Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AAPT_Limited=AAPT Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nethergate_Brewery=Nethergate Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProSiebenSat.1_Media=ProSiebenSat.1 Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperlite_Wake_Mfg.=Hyperlite Wake Mfg.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dooney_&_Bourke=Dooney & Bourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnaco_Group=Warnaco Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_City_Brewing_Company=Falls City Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterford_Wedgwood=Waterford Wedgwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soueast=Soueast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Wall_Motors=Great Wall Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuoka=Mitsuoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voith=Voith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allot_Communications=Allot Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mivar=Mivar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sysinternals=Sysinternals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quad/Graphics=Quad/Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Outboard_Motors=Nissan Outboard Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apptix=Apptix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_Geo-Services=Petroleum Geo-Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zango_(company)=Zango (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan's_Furniture=Jordan's Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Resources=China Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Corporation=Todd Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brick_House=The Brick House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Finance=HSBC Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_New_Jersey=Verizon New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_(Brazil)=HSBC Bank (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_Malaysia=HSBC Bank Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Mexico=HSBC Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_of_Britain=Ford of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergner's=Bergner's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airgo_Networks=Airgo Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rax_(restaurant)=Rax (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolder_Media=Bolder Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agile_Property=Agile Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Pubs=Scream Pubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Helicopters,_Inc.=Airbus Helicopters, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamer_Guitars=Hamer Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Stories_Press=Seven Stories Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobistar=Mobistar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JB_Hi-Fi=JB Hi-Fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Race_Films=One Race Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlackPlanet=BlackPlanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobs_Engineering_Group=Jacobs Engineering Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTelos=NTelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlanetOut_Inc.=PlanetOut Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegate=Telegate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutron_Electronics_Company=Lutron Electronics Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggi=Maggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoyama_Harp=Aoyama Harp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_City_International=Cinema City International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govia=Govia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multikino=Multikino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauterbach_(company)=Lauterbach (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Raj_Films=Yash Raj Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerion=Aerion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_of_Wonder_(toy_company)=Worlds of Wonder (toy company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoShare=AutoShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Light_Group=Northern Light Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radware=Radware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trago_Mills=Trago Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&P_Telephone=C&P Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Stores=Lucky Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_On=Wing On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allergan=Allergan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totex=Totex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampoerna=Sampoerna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neoplan_USA=Neoplan USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Deseo=El Deseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edeka=Edeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Areva_NC=Areva NC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolove=Chocolove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Jean's_Coffees=Gloria Jean's Coffees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northgate_Information_Solutions=Northgate Information Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Metal_and_Steel=National Metal and Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communauto=Communauto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nugget_Markets=Nugget Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Aircraft=Chase Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crytek_Black_Sea=Crytek Black Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necco=Necco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Channel_Outdoor=Clear Channel Outdoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Murphy's=Dan Murphy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Bell=Ohio Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Bell=Indiana Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Bell=Wisconsin Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fila_(company)=Fila (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestron_Video=Vestron Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_W=Big W
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuke's=Yuke's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_(models)=Lima (models)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Motor_Company=Ariel Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otsuka_Pharmaceutical=Otsuka Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FrieslandCampina=FrieslandCampina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_E&M_Film_Division=CJ E&M Film Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Service=Cinema Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anystream=Anystream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TTK_Group=TTK Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netcare=Netcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_Radio_Network=Talk Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Group=Yankee Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW_Group=FAW Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KB_Toys=KB Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Group=Nissan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapCore=MapCore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandy_(Australia)=Tandy (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolworths_(supermarket)=Woolworths (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumi_Inc.=Tumi Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur_La_Table=Sur La Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai_Super=Kansai Super
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hightail=Hightail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_Broadcasting_Corporation=Infinity Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvester_(restaurant)=Harvester (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui_Fudosan=Mitsui Fudosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bend_Housewares=West Bend Housewares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topcon=Topcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Nuclear_Fuel_Limited=Japan Nuclear Fuel Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helen_of_Troy_Limited=Helen of Troy Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCOT=MCOT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldtelecom=Moldtelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Le_Coq=A. Le Coq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_(company)=Christie (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Airways=Hong Kong Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCC_AB=NCC AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlanetSpace=PlanetSpace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Games=Virgin Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICF_International=ICF International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Aircraft_Industries=Diamond Aircraft Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gymboree=Gymboree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_CineMedia=National CineMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie's_Homegrown=Annie's Homegrown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roper_Industries=Roper Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_Sports=Insight Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Gas=Osaka Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florists'_Transworld_Delivery=Florists' Transworld Delivery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Alexander=Madame Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansol=Hansol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFFCO_Holdings=AFFCO Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Owen=Owen Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tula_Arms_Plant=Tula Arms Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViroPharma=ViroPharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syntroleum=Syntroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KP_Snacks=KP Snacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Ray=Sea Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Level=7th Level
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Radio_Networks=Jones Radio Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droste=Droste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_C=Cell C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnitel=Omnitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hankook_Tire=Hankook Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veuve_Clicquot=Veuve Clicquot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggby_Coffee=Biggby Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancom=Hancom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Communications_(publisher)=Beacon Communications (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cross_Blue_Shield_Association=Blue Cross Blue Shield Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_International_Venues=Sheffield International Venues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrias_Kaiser_Argentina=Industrias Kaiser Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questar_Pipeline=Questar Pipeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unicomp=Unicomp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransGas=TransGas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Bank_of_Korea=Industrial Bank of Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Television_and_Appliances=Sun Television and Appliances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-LCD=S-LCD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHB_Bank=CHB Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Electric_Corporation=Israel Electric Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Penguin=Original Penguin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Vienna=Rockstar Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentsu=Dentsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraqi_Republic_Railways=Iraqi Republic Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vienna_Beef=Vienna Beef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Deen=Studio Deen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyerdynamic=Beyerdynamic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airports_Authority_of_India=Airports Authority of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TU_Media=TU Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinotrans=Sinotrans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewPage=NewPage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ningbo_Bird=Ningbo Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Iron_and_Steel=Wuhan Iron and Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder_Group=Founder Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Confectionery=Lotte Confectionery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Goat_Beer=Mountain Goat Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neoware=Neoware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lechmere=Lechmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reemtsma=Reemtsma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/888_Holdings=888 Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Flavors_&_Fragrances=International Flavors & Fragrances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake's_Lotaburger=Blake's Lotaburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falabella_(retail_store)=Falabella (retail store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symrise=Symrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallels,_Inc.=Parallels, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Chameleon=Digital Chameleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYU_Creamery=BYU Creamery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longaberger_Company=The Longaberger Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Hysco=Hyundai Hysco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Steel=Hyundai Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canali=Canali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falck_(Denmark)=Falck (Denmark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DaVita=DaVita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Canada_Inc.=Toyota Canada Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automattic=Automattic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USDTV=USDTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOCAR=SOCAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_SuperCars=Shelby SuperCars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._F._Sauer_Company=C. F. Sauer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe's_Italian_Sandwiches=Moe's Italian Sandwiches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_Room=The Student Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unicer_Brewery=Unicer Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_de_Cervejas=Central de Cervejas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CZ-USA=CZ-USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impresa=Impresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semapa=Semapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_AutoEver=Hyundai AutoEver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Communications=Midwest Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Oilbank=Hyundai Oilbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Food=Skin Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SL_Corporation=SL Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isles_of_Scilly_Steamship_Company=Isles of Scilly Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Port_Corporation=Newcastle Port Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Kembla_Port_Corporation=Port Kembla Port Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Energy=Country Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H&H_Bagels=H&H Bagels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollond_&_Aitchison=Dollond & Aitchison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academa=Academa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_is_good=Life is good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interjet=Interjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Studios_Teesside=Acclaim Studios Teesside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Cable=Hitachi Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiction_House=Fiction House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_City_Enterprises=Forest City Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IStock=IStock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manufacturers_Mutual_Insurance=Manufacturers Mutual Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clavia=Clavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichicon=Nichicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIMS_Co.,_Ltd.=SIMS Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Austria=Bank Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wickes=Wickes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slumberland_Furniture=Slumberland Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Quench_Retailing=First Quench Retailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borden_Milk_Products=Borden Milk Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_Games=Matrix Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodybuilding.com=Bodybuilding.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulfsat=Gulfsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J2_Global=J2 Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Steel_Mills=Pakistan Steel Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Shanghai=Ubisoft Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miroku_Corp.=Miroku Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMCMusicorp=KMCMusicorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Saver_Foods=Super Saver Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatts_Group=Tatts Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABR_Holdings=ABR Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegon_UK=Aegon UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banca_Intesa=Banca Intesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Paint=Bristol Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Corporation=Pilot Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_Flying_J=Pilot Flying J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Rail_Administration=Swedish Rail Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGM_Financial=IGM Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great-West_Lifeco=Great-West Lifeco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CamelBak=CamelBak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouTube=YouTube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongoose_Publishing=Mongoose Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Holt's_Brewery=Joseph Holt's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniqlo=Uniqlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameZnFlix=GameZnFlix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Chemi-Con=Nippon Chemi-Con
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Land_Development=Henderson Land Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_Railway=Bangladesh Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PokerStars=PokerStars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kranti_Road_Transport=Kranti Road Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objective_Interface_Systems=Objective Interface Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harkins_Theatres=Harkins Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Family_Markets=Southern Family Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Helicopters=Canadian Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandai_Namco_Holdings=Bandai Namco Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirro_Aluminum_Company=Mirro Aluminum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Chemical_Holdings=Mitsubishi Chemical Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetero_Drugs=Hetero Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraitis_School=Moraitis School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_Shopper=Euro Shopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Grace_and_Company=W. R. Grace and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALCO_Stores=ALCO Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_21_(department_store)=Century 21 (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICOM_Simulations=ICOM Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamares_Group=Tamares Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callebaut=Callebaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson's_(United_States)=Watson's (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Kitchen=World Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber_carburetor=Weber carburetor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomin'_Brands=Bloomin' Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills_(store)=Hills (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franck_Muller=Franck Muller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacPlay=MacPlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiMarzio=DiMarzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Sub=Planet Sub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampaguita_Pictures=Sampaguita Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Enterprises=Lee Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Bernie_Company=Mel Bernie Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Home_Video=WWE Home Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collin_Street_Bakery=Collin Street Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangaria_(soft_drink)=Sangaria (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_(audio)=Infinity (audio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harman_International_Industries=Harman International Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avco=Avco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Film_Corporation=21st Century Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Export-Isbrandtsen_Lines=American Export-Isbrandtsen Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I2_Technologies=I2 Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Samuel=H. Samuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Licensing_Corporation=Westinghouse Licensing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodgeball_(service)=Dodgeball (service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P_Productions=P Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Miller_Clock_Company=Howard Miller Clock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_(sports_equipment)=Spalding (sports equipment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merz_Apothecary=Merz Apothecary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawanesa_Insurance=Wawanesa Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimenez_Arms=Jimenez Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAB_Paints=MAB Paints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciena=Ciena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Sportscars=Radical Sportscars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giordano_(store)=Giordano (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCO_Group=NCO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontins=Pontins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Conversion_Devices=Energy Conversion Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudbay_Minerals=Hudbay Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferring_Pharmaceuticals=Ferring Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnier_Group=Bonnier Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seleco=Seleco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holgate_Brewhouse=Holgate Brewhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinkFilm=ThinkFilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Generation_Software=New Generation Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paterson_GlobalFoods=Paterson GlobalFoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitoba_Liquor_Control_Commission=Manitoba Liquor Control Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palliser_Furniture=Palliser Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amorepacific_Corporation=Amorepacific Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Space_Alliance=United Space Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Organisation=Shaw Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandic_Hotels=Scandic Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illich_Steel_and_Iron_Works=Illich Steel and Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastwood_Guitars=Eastwood Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severin_Elektro=Severin Elektro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irmscher=Irmscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voxan=Voxan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digi-Key=Digi-Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YesAsia=YesAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhler_Industries=Buhler Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novotel=Novotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoBox=PhotoBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stag's_Leap_Wine_Cellars=Stag's Leap Wine Cellars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Trinkaus=HSBC Trinkaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Goody=Sam Goody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogilvy_(department_store)=Ogilvy (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupperware_Brands=Tupperware Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhe_(game_developer)=Sidhe (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisense=Hisense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heisei_no_Sato=Heisei no Sato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SFCG_Co.=SFCG Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanxess=Lanxess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Element_Six=Element Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Beverage=National Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum3D=Quantum3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_mobile=Hot mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProAc=ProAc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construcciones_y_Auxiliar_de_Ferrocarriles=Construcciones y Auxiliar de Ferrocarriles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartlabs=Smartlabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRUSTe=TRUSTe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinergi_Pictures=Cinergi Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Studios=Zombie Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Nation_(events_promoter)=Live Nation (events promoter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Heavy_Industries_&_Construction=Doosan Heavy Industries & Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Group=Doosan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clariant=Clariant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navteq=Navteq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Expat=HSBC Expat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMG_(company)=KMG (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TripAdvisor=TripAdvisor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont_Assembly=Fremont Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Stuf_Inc.=Right Stuf Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemmy_Industries=Gemmy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Sports_Pty_Limited=Fox Sports Pty Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Ferries=P&O Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftogaz=Naftogaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.Lo_by_Jennifer_Lopez=J.Lo by Jennifer Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Barbour_and_Sons=J. Barbour and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linux_Game_Publishing=Linux Game Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xansa=Xansa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbcomm=Orbcomm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee_Electric_Tool_Corporation=Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinmetz_Opel_Tuning=Steinmetz Opel Tuning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Youth_Science_Forum=National Youth Science Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfin_Sports_Cars=Elfin Sports Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LPI_Media=LPI Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightolier=Lightolier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrebet=Centrebet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovis=Innovis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Foundation=Snow Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_French=Frost French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Foods=Dean Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIC-GM-Wuling=SAIC-GM-Wuling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Private_Bank=HSBC Private Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PHAMALY=PHAMALY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karsan=Karsan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Harbor_Brewing_Company=Ice Harbor Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UD_Trucks=UD Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Bendel=Henri Bendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STTGI=STTGI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug-Byte=Bug-Byte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GPA_(company)=GPA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Pizza=Cartoon Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazda_North_American_Operations=Mazda North American Operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_Metro_Supermarket_Realty_Tbk=PT Metro Supermarket Realty Tbk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdvancePCS=AdvancePCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AK_Steel_Holding=AK Steel Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornton's_Bookshop=Thornton's Bookshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REMA_1000=REMA 1000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_New_England=Rockstar New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DataPlay=DataPlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilitch_Holdings=Ilitch Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarrow_Brewing_Company=Jarrow Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunn=Sunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronach_Group=Stronach Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTV_Media=UTV Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leninska_Kuznya=Leninska Kuznya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill_Downs_Incorporated=Churchill Downs Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jung-A_Hydraulic=Jung-A Hydraulic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmasave=Pharmasave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipping_Corporation_of_India=Shipping Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wessex_Archaeology=Wessex Archaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyworth=Skyworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BattleGoat_Studios=BattleGoat Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interval_Research_Corporation=Interval Research Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayan_Telecommunications=Bayan Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invesco_Perpetual=Invesco Perpetual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_Audiophile_Loudspeaker_Industries=Danish Audiophile Loudspeaker Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correos=Correos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cangene=Cangene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genome_Valley=Genome Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetScout_Systems=NetScout Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker's_Dozen_Donuts=Baker's Dozen Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Stover_Candies=Russell Stover Candies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokian_Tyres=Nokian Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Family_Foods=Allen Family Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewers_Fayre=Brewers Fayre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rays_Engineering=Rays Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansonia_Clock_Company=Ansonia Clock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_(company)=Rogue (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Dalton=B. Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decathlon_Group=Decathlon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagg_Music=Stagg Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carapelli=Carapelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Systems_Electronics,_Intelligence_&_Support=BAE Systems Electronics, Intelligence & Support
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keds_(shoes)=Keds (shoes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriott_Hotels_&_Resorts=Marriott Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Residence_Inn_by_Marriott=Residence Inn by Marriott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_Inn_by_Marriott=Fairfield Inn by Marriott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Archaeology=Oxford Archaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahold_Czech_Republic=Ahold Czech Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodge_&_Cox=Dodge & Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleep_Train=The Sleep Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TomTom=TomTom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicarious_Visions=Vicarious Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawras=Nawras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACMAT=ACMAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Maple=Shanghai Maple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(company)=Monster (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chowking=Chowking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasken_Communication_Technologies=Sasken Communication Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennessy's=Hennessy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olin_Corporation=Olin Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hechinger=Hechinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunung_Agung_(bookstore)=Gunung Agung (bookstore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telugu_cinema=Telugu cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallop_(studio)=Gallop (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lush_(company)=Lush (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Daewoo=Tata Daewoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Republic_International=Old Republic International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_Entertainment=Sting Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-tel=K-tel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Ferries=Western Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strides_Arcolab=Strides Arcolab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodtown_(United_States)=Foodtown (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneko=Kaneko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Retailing=Fast Retailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazilian_Development_Bank=Brazilian Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volatile_Games=Volatile Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictometry_International=Pictometry International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knickerbocker_Club=Knickerbocker Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avea=Avea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognis=Cognis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playboy_Club=Playboy Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SwapSimple=SwapSimple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conoco=Conoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telesistema_Mexicano=Telesistema Mexicano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romar_Entertainment=Romar Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TTNET=TTNET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Drinks=Innocent Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer_(company)=Fischer (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AQ_Interactive=AQ Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_Television_Ahmadiyya_International=Muslim Television Ahmadiyya International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muppets_Studio=The Muppets Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperry_Top-Sider=Sperry Top-Sider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Rocketplane=Pioneer Rocketplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimmer_Holdings=Zimmer Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_State_Ports_Authority=North Carolina State Ports Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weigel's=Weigel's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cetaphil=Cetaphil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KB_Home=KB Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter_&_Buck=Cutter & Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Material_Handling_Company=Clark Material Handling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merz_&_McLellan=Merz & McLellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telit=Telit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill-Rom=Hill-Rom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Oats_Markets=Wild Oats Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broccoli_(company)=Broccoli (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palisades_Tartan=Palisades Tartan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energex=Energex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsh_Supermarkets=Marsh Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Internet=Zen Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boar's_Head_Provision_Company=Boar's Head Provision Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mabuchi_Motor=Mabuchi Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_Egypt=HSBC Bank Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numatic_International=Numatic International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_McPhee=Archie McPhee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillards=Hillards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington_Management_Company=Wellington Management Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane_&_Co.=Crane & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schofields_(department_store)=Schofields (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxi_(retail)=Maxi (retail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Barge_Company=Ingram Barge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crave_Entertainment=Crave Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Coast_Brewery=Lost Coast Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Service_College=Fire Service College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Industries=Ingram Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Commercial_Bank=United Commercial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snoopadelic_Films=Snoopadelic Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Life=Time Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go-Lo=Go-Lo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_&_Less=Best & Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galyan's=Galyan's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Earth_Movers=Bharat Earth Movers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyocera_Communications=Kyocera Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualcomm_Atheros=Qualcomm Atheros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damen_Group=Damen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Gotland=Destination Gotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malfador_Machinations=Malfador Machinations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linear_Technology=Linear Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peabody_Energy=Peabody Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Oger=Saudi Oger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tally_Solutions=Tally Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim's_Catering=Maxim's Catering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiftung_Warentest=Stiftung Warentest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holt_plc=John Holt plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_and_Video_Club=Music and Video Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_D=Square D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKP_Intercity=PKP Intercity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przewozy_Regionalne=Przewozy Regionalne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKP_Cargo=PKP Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinder_Morgan=Kinder Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Integrated=Maxim Integrated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAWAG=BAWAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Outsourcing_Association=National Outsourcing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultrasone=Ultrasone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_(Internet_service_provider)=The World (Internet service provider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedgwood=Wedgwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Business_Practitioners=Society of Business Practitioners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Group=Color Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SELEX_Sistemi_Integrati=SELEX Sistemi Integrati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRISK_Software_International=FRISK Software International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitropa=Mitropa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aust_Ferry=Aust Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finish_Line,_Inc.=Finish Line, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaz_de_France=Gaz de France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schecter_Guitar_Research=Schecter Guitar Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Food_Bank=Houston Food Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_Brewing_Company=Amsterdam Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Miller_Bar-B-Q_Enterprises=Bill Miller Bar-B-Q Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Optronics=Thales Optronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evanov_Communications=Evanov Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psikyo=Psikyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proctor_Silex=Proctor Silex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licor_43=Licor 43
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backcountry.com=Backcountry.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shosholoza_Meyl=Shosholoza Meyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulhern_Belting=Mulhern Belting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_John's=Crazy John's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_N_(company)=Model N (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidon_Undersea_Resorts=Poseidon Undersea Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy_Morgan_Research=Roy Morgan Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinduja_Group=Hinduja Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazilian_Institute_of_Public_Opinion_and_Statistics=Brazilian Institute of Public Opinion and Statistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halowax=Halowax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsk_Automobile_Plant=Minsk Automobile Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italia_Marittima=Italia Marittima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Soho=Team Soho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_Rubber_Company=Yokohama Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Rubber_Industries=Sumitomo Rubber Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Tire_&_Rubber_Company=Toyo Tire & Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMEC=IMEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Eye_Media=Wide Eye Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Manufacturing_Company=Pope Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostBank=PostBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Beach_Systems=Turtle Beach Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hershey_Entertainment_and_Resorts_Company=Hershey Entertainment and Resorts Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hershey_Trust_Company=Hershey Trust Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transat_A.T.=Transat A.T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixi=Mixi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA_Productions=DNA Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjunabeats=Anjunabeats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Pro_Wrestling=One Pro Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Star_Television=Four Star Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koelnmesse=Koelnmesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilti=Hilti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Roadhouse=Texas Roadhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steyr_Mannlicher=Steyr Mannlicher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drackett=Drackett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burmah_Oil=Burmah Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finavia=Finavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TomorrowNow=TomorrowNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stater_Bros.=Stater Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Tilt_Poker=Full Tilt Poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Broadcasting=Young Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynit=Dynit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Participant_Media=Participant Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blufin=Blufin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TraXion=TraXion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadex=Nadex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoration_Hardware=Restoration Hardware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_(company)=Spike (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAPE_Inc.=TAPE Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo's=Hugo's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Rectifier=International Rectifier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuitive_Surgical=Intuitive Surgical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FSC_Star=FSC Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawker_Siddeley_Switchgear=Hawker Siddeley Switchgear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KHS_(company)=KHS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remo=Remo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bebe_Stores=Bebe Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Aircraft_Company=Alexander Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Retail_Group=Home Retail Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcopolo_S.A.=Marcopolo S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptera_Motors=Aptera Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermentek=Fermentek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoefler_&_Co.=Hoefler & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVM_GmbH=AVM GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immersion_Corporation=Immersion Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANEK_Lines=ANEK Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody's_Chicago_Style=Woody's Chicago Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Brothers_Aircraft=Granville Brothers Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSC_Software=MSC Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMRT_Trains=SMRT Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobilink=Mobilink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morleys_Stores_Ltd=Morleys Stores Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRB_Internacional=BRB Internacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Commodity_and_Derivatives_Exchange=National Commodity and Derivatives Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altova=Altova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Benz=Beijing Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40/40_Club=40/40 Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Fund_for_Animal_Welfare=International Fund for Animal Welfare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_7_Animation=Circle 7 Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minoan_Lines=Minoan Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc'teryx=Arc'teryx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T_J_Hughes=T J Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topps_Comics=Topps Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takamine_Guitars=Takamine Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobonichi_Techo=Hobonichi Techo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulk_Barn=Bulk Barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frutarom=Frutarom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordjyske_Jernbaner=Nordjyske Jernbaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lancashire_Coachbuilders=East Lancashire Coachbuilders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lewis_(department_store)=John Lewis (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davies_Turner=Davies Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazydays_(RV_dealer)=Lazydays (RV dealer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuwa_Marketplace=Mitsuwa Marketplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izod=Izod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_Software=Quicksilver Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tohokushinsha_Film=Tohokushinsha Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobonichi=Hobonichi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FMC_Corporation=FMC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Open_West=Wide Open West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ergon_Energy=Ergon Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Laboratories=AT&T Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Labs=AT&T Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animation_Collective=Animation Collective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_Electro=Polar Electro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madras_Talkies=Madras Talkies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoking_Car_Productions=Smoking Car Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axel_Springer_SE=Axel Springer SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Front=White Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Petroleum=Pakistan Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaxby's=Zaxby's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Muscle=Mr Muscle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nike_Vision=Nike Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit_Communications_Company=Orbit Communications Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guild_Guitar_Company=Guild Guitar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_(corporation)=Divine (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urenco_Group=Urenco Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Family_Entertainment=Warner Bros. Family Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAlister's_Deli=McAlister's Deli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_Argentina=HSBC Bank Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMAX_Corporation=IMAX Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_National_Bank=Philippine National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Channels_Worldwide=Disney Channels Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TuneCore=TuneCore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooton's=Tooton's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enel=Enel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocreme=Eurocreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pei_Cobb_Freed_&_Partners=Pei Cobb Freed & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caremark_Rx=Caremark Rx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hartford=The Hartford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio-Technica=Audio-Technica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinghai_Huading_Industrial_Company_Limited=Qinghai Huading Industrial Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masten_Space_Systems=Masten Space Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navis_Logistics_Network=Navis Logistics Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringier=Ringier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pervasive_Software=Pervasive Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Commercial_Vehicles=Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Style=Turn Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momo_(company)=Momo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_Wireless=Leap Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Oil=Premier Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mugg_&_Bean=Mugg & Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Comics=Paradise Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comics_Guaranty=Comics Guaranty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jude_Medical=St. Jude Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garelli_Motorcycles=Garelli Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Holding_Company=Discovery Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alinta=Alinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottom_Dollar_Food=Bottom Dollar Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascent_Media=Ascent Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarq=Embarq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Post=Russian Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Look_(company)=New Look (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suddenlink_Communications=Suddenlink Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westell=Westell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Theatres=Consolidated Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maktoob=Maktoob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._H._Robinson_Worldwide=C. H. Robinson Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Roche=Lowe Roche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrilling_Publications=Thrilling Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Corral=Golden Corral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Newspaper_Holdings=Community Newspaper Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC_Entertainment=AC Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wengo=Wengo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overend,_Gurney_and_Company=Overend, Gurney and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_Inn=Knights Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SABB=SABB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_River_Arms=Rock River Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemira=Kemira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Salam_Maritime_Transport=El Salam Maritime Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COLT_Studio_Group=COLT Studio Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigerian_National_Petroleum_Corporation=Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOM_Brands=MOM Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Lottery_Corporation=Atlantic Lottery Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberto-Culver=Alberto-Culver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Time_Pottery=Old Time Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astound_Broadband=Astound Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oporto_(restaurant)=Oporto (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYM_Motors=SYM Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittle_Shortline=Whittle Shortline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_Middle_East=HSBC Bank Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_Energy=Origin Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_African_Breweries=East African Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abt_Sportsline=Abt Sportsline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numark_Industries=Numark Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KooGa=KooGa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palissy=Palissy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cultural_Center_of_the_Philippines=Cultural Center of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EasyCruise=EasyCruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartamundi=Cartamundi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naipes_Heraclio_Fournier=Naipes Heraclio Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HGST=HGST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesh_Computers=Mesh Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fyffes=Fyffes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huser=Huser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonfruit=Moonfruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XSEL=XSEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Foundation_for_Mine_Action=Swiss Foundation for Mine Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aladdin_Company=The Aladdin Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economic_and_Social_Research_Institute=Economic and Social Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamimi_Group=Tamimi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_Technology_Group=Granville Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Rococo=Rocky Rococo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNOCAP=SNOCAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleroute=Teleroute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadec=Nadec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_Mead_Vickers_BBDO=Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmering-Graz-Pauker=Simmering-Graz-Pauker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournville_Village_Trust=Bournville Village Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabesp=Sabesp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvercup_Studios=Silvercup Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooler_(motorcycles)=Wooler (motorcycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calpine=Calpine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skip_Ltd.=Skip Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektrobit=Elektrobit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurosam=Eurosam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yucaipa_Companies=Yucaipa Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnergySolutions=EnergySolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerifit_Brands=Amerifit Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_and_Homes_for_Children=Hope and Homes for Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PERI=PERI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Rowe_Price=T. Rowe Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarChase=StarChase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSC_Game_World=GSC Game World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Athletic_Club=Los Angeles Athletic Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Mobile=Disney Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felt_Bicycles=Felt Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerdau=Gerdau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyState_Limited=MyState Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_Mobile=Jump Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_for_Discovery_Science=National Institute for Discovery Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirent=Spirent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linfox=Linfox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Team=Green Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tectoy=Tectoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrols_Restaurant_Group=Carrols Restaurant Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_&_Racing_Technology=Street & Racing Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoutoku=Shoutoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wescam=Wescam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Hill_Capital_Partners=Oak Hill Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Ordnance_Factories=Pakistan Ordnance Factories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lululemon_Athletica=Lululemon Athletica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacDonald,_Dettwiler_and_Associates=MacDonald, Dettwiler and Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Suisan_Kaisha=Nippon Suisan Kaisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acoustic_Research=Acoustic Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gino's_Hamburgers=Gino's Hamburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Tower_Hamburgers=White Tower Hamburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Weapons_Complex=Air Weapons Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patties_Foods=Patties Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansgrohe=Hansgrohe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animation_F/X=Animation F/X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Risks=Control Risks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._Mustad_&_Son=O. Mustad & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Pro_Wrestling:_United_Kingdom=International Pro Wrestling: United Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Animation=Vanguard Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westgate_Resorts=Westgate Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karstadt=Karstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moschino=Moschino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Research_Council=Saskatchewan Research Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderware=Wonderware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zillow=Zillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Flow=Best Flow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayNetwork=PlayNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIG_plc=SIG plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Bank=Andhra Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huy_Fong_Foods=Huy Fong Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.Leclerc=E.Leclerc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Cellular=Rural Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Mineral_Development_Corporation=National Mineral Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upland_Brewing_Company=Upland Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_Off_Press=Rip Off Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pertamina=Pertamina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CipSoft=CipSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Rocher_(company)=Yves Rocher (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirvac=Mirvac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Soopers=King Soopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sempra_Energy=Sempra Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProFlowers=ProFlowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-800-Flowers=1-800-Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCA_Space_Corporation=ARCA Space Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icelandair_Group=Icelandair Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Arrow=Blue Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineralogical_Society_of_America=Mineralogical Society of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications_Northwest=Frontier Communications Northwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTE_Southwest=GTE Southwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stumptown_Coffee_Roasters=Stumptown Coffee Roasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Media_Group=Graham Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Group=Harbour Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffon_Aerospace=Griffon Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_North=Frontier North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portmeirion_Pottery=Portmeirion Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transnet_Freight_Rail=Transnet Freight Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Peter's_Brewery=St. Peter's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showtime_Networks=Showtime Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Digital_Information_Corporation=Advanced Digital Information Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verve_Energy=Verve Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Power=Horizon Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Doulton=Royal Doulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAME_Deutz-Fahr=SAME Deutz-Fahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Pictures=Palm Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Second_Books=First Second Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTD_Products=MTD Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argus_Media=Argus Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Chemicals=Israel Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Holland_Agriculture=New Holland Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_England_and_Co.=George England and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Systems=Epic Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OLM,_Inc.=OLM, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospira=Hospira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/505_Games=505 Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oboronprom=Oboronprom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Water=Southern Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delfield_Company=The Delfield Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlightSafety_International=FlightSafety International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_South=Verizon South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Florida=Verizon Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Home_Media_Distribution=Paramount Home Media Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochtief=Hochtief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culligan=Culligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Car_Parks=National Car Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrafugia=Terrafugia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Networks=MGM Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollins_Inc.=Rollins Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzzy_Door_Productions=Fuzzy Door Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Format=Non-Format
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-One=E-One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Imageworks=Sony Pictures Imageworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchor_Inc.=Anchor Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollabNet=CollabNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetSys=NetSys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinthian_Colleges=Corinthian Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Cristo_(company)=Monte Cristo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Midstates=Frontier Midstates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinship=Marinship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_Machine_&_Tool=Arcadia Machine & Tool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cone_Health=Cone Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Muhaidib=Al-Muhaidib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppola_Industria_Alimentare=Coppola Industria Alimentare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premcor=Premcor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Railway_(Ireland)=Great Northern Railway (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_and_Morgan=Thompson and Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BWOC=BWOC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inukshuk_Wireless=Inukshuk Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sollers_JSC=Sollers JSC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookstone=Brookstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manila_Broadcasting_Company=Manila Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conklin_Shows=Conklin Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Hamilton=Bank of Hamilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONA_Group=ONA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digi_TV=Digi TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZX_Auto=ZX Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pseudo_Interactive=Pseudo Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apache_Corporation=Apache Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Water=Bristol Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schick_(razors)=Schick (razors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synapse_Software=Synapse Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioMarin_Pharmaceutical=BioMarin Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schleich=Schleich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune_Publishing=Tribune Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oaktree_Capital_Management=Oaktree Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumpler=Crumpler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energen=Energen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanbu_National_Petrochemical_Company=Yanbu National Petrochemical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadeed=Hadeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Rajhi_Bank=Al-Rajhi Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telligent_Systems=Telligent Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diversified_Pharmaceutical_Services=Diversified Pharmaceutical Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glad_(company)=Glad (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronet_LNG=Petronet LNG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claiborne_Farm=Claiborne Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spur_Steak_Ranches=Spur Steak Ranches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_and_Rationalists'_Association_of_India=Science and Rationalists' Association of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suomy=Suomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steers=Steers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotec=Trotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vergelegen=Vergelegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold's_Chicken_Shack=Harold's Chicken Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgarian_State_Railways=Bulgarian State Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjug=Tanjug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emporium_(department_store_chain)=Emporium (department store chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stihl=Stihl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SodaStream=SodaStream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritt_Ord_(organization)=Fritt Ord (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endesa_(Spain)=Endesa (Spain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Management,_Inc=Waste Management, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutterstock=Shutterstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samba_Financial_Group=Samba Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Security_Forum=Information Security Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playtech=Playtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Launch_Alliance=United Launch Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Cheltenham=Acclaim Cheltenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OutSystems=OutSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piramal_Enterprises_Ltd=Piramal Enterprises Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_European_Media_Enterprises=Central European Media Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordstjernan=Nordstjernan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandrol=Pandrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Micro_Software=Smith Micro Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piczo=Piczo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HotDocs=HotDocs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthropologie=Anthropologie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_David=Charles David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlyman_Entertainment=Burlyman Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_Brewing_Company=Fish Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_&_Southern_Financial_Group=Western & Southern Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pultegroup=Pultegroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yelp=Yelp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_Communications=Citadel Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Footwear=Famous Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petco=Petco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Endocrine_Society=The Endocrine Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorens=Thorens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyber_Slam=Cyber Slam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Bottling_Co._Consolidated=Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Mobile=Solo Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheels_All_Sports=Scheels All Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blistex,_Incorporated=Blistex, Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moviefone=Moviefone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear_Aerospace=Goodyear Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVU_Networks=TVU Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill's_Pet_Nutrition=Hill's Pet Nutrition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H_&_J_Smith's=H & J Smith's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Group_Holdings=Seven Group Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Network_Holdings=Ten Network Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transfield_Services=Transfield Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pall_Corporation=Pall Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialog_Axiata=Dialog Axiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aigo=Aigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_Beverages=Polar Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helaba=Helaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Light_Weapons_Systems=Calico Light Weapons Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrows=Carrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco's_Bakery=Coco's Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BH_Telecom=BH Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dura_Lube=Dura Lube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinotrans_Shipping=Sinotrans Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merial=Merial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BayernLB=BayernLB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuken=Zuken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenoptik=Jenoptik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._L._Gore_and_Associates=W. L. Gore and Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_(restaurant)=Islands (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Entertainment_Corporation=Solar Entertainment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TE_Data=TE Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serta_(company)=Serta (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globosat=Globosat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalgamated_Wireless_(Australasia)=Amalgamated Wireless (Australasia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuropaBio=EuropaBio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ito_En=Ito En
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Haan=Cole Haan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hen_Pantry=White Hen Pantry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilfinger=Bilfinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pantry=The Pantry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Canin=Royal Canin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Brewing_Company=Mercury Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibbles_'n_Bits=Kibbles 'n Bits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Logix=I-Logix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Kasei=Asahi Kasei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamy=Lamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Building_Society=Leeds Building Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMS_Health=IMS Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Cinemas=Virgin Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Sheet_Glass=Nippon Sheet Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zastava_Trucks=Zastava Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautilus,_Inc.=Nautilus, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Lumber_Company=Pacific Lumber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WellPet=WellPet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loremo=Loremo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millicom=Millicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamo_Moscow=Dynamo Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Aerospace_Enterprise=Dubai Aerospace Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luhanskteplovoz=Luhanskteplovoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadeus_IT_Group=Amadeus IT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Entertainment=Human Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konka_Group=Konka Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_LAN_Coalition=Pittsburgh LAN Coalition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugby_Ralph_Lauren=Rugby Ralph Lauren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_Companies=Cornell Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brickfilms.com=Brickfilms.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Astaire_Dance_Studios=Fred Astaire Dance Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonoscope_Communications=Phonoscope Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Marine=West Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_for_Technology_Trade=International Association for Technology Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Systems=3D Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxfield_Research=Maxfield Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTUC_FairPrice=NTUC FairPrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indonesian_Aerospace=Indonesian Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Cottage=Chicken Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koninklijke_Hoogovens=Koninklijke Hoogovens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exalead=Exalead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarWorld=SolarWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weigel_Broadcasting=Weigel Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squidoo=Squidoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LogicVision=LogicVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerobics_and_Fitness_Association_of_America=Aerobics and Fitness Association of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai_Refinery=Mumbai Refinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai_Petroleum_Corporation=Chennai Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speakeasy_(ISP)=Speakeasy (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Schenker_Rail_Polska=DB Schenker Rail Polska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_(brand)=Bush (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanofi_Pasteur=Sanofi Pasteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_India_Assurance=New India Assurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCC_Rail_Sea=PCC Rail Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossbow_Technology=Crossbow Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleosys=Nucleosys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interail=Interail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimble_Navigation=Trimble Navigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Entertainment=O Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Interactive=Harris Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakob_Lines=Jakob Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornady=Hornady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koa_Coffee_Plantation=Koa Coffee Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labtec=Labtec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man_Post_Office=Isle of Man Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OXXO=OXXO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Rock_Entertainment=Eagle Rock Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calor_Gas=Calor Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Software=Spectrum Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto-Sleepers=Auto-Sleepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmorite_Properties=Wilmorite Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DR_Movie=DR Movie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Agricultural_Company=Australian Agricultural Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Caribbean_Media=One Caribbean Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodman's_Markets=Woodman's Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arris_Group=Arris Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclair_Knight_Merz=Sinclair Knight Merz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souplantation=Souplantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voplex=Voplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonga_Broadcasting_Commission=Tonga Broadcasting Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_India=Coal India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WayForward_Technologies=WayForward Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMT_Limited=HMT Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVS_Motor_Company=TVS Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_TwentyOne=Network TwentyOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurizon=Aurizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swissport=Swissport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamberger's=Bamberger's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgeworks_Entertainment=Edgeworks Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Fairbairn_&_Sons=William Fairbairn & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ServiceMaster=ServiceMaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmeriSpec=AmeriSpec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminix=Terminix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Residential_Services=American Residential Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper_Marketplace=Prosper Marketplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friden,_Inc.=Friden, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shore_Fire_Media=Shore Fire Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Travel_and_Tourism_Council=World Travel and Tourism Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkman_&_Stephens=Sparkman & Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMG_(property_management)=SMG (property management)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jernhusen=Jernhusen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condor_Ferries=Condor Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DaKine=DaKine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mather,_Dixon_and_Company=Mather, Dixon and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp,_Stewart_and_Company=Sharp, Stewart and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBIA=MBIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mininova=Mininova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zentralbahn=Zentralbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_European_Research_&_Development=Nintendo European Research & Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_International=Leaf International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_European_Ferries=P&O European Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichel/Pugh=Reichel/Pugh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Life=Standard Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SurfControl=SurfControl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Interactive=Empire Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallon_Worldwide=Fallon Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippi_Boats=Filippi Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Em:t_Records=Em:t Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiegel_(catalog)=Spiegel (catalog)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Broadcasting=Kaiser Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kone=Kone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_Linear=Phase Linear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fretter=Fretter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailfinders=Trailfinders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwik_Fit=Kwik Fit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swensen's=Swensen's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genpact=Genpact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodby,_Silverstein_&_Partners=Goodby, Silverstein & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Corporation=Dana Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Tool_Works=Illinois Tool Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_International=Edison International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moen_(company)=Moen (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletrobras=Eletrobras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AES_Eletropaulo=AES Eletropaulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koho_(company)=Koho (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Bank=Federal Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadrunner_(magazine)=Roadrunner (magazine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saracakis=Saracakis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacocks_(clothing)=Peacocks (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutor_Perini=Tutor Perini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strait_Shipping=Strait Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Products=Enterprise Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Farms=Wayne Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Bag_Films=Brown Bag Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent_Inns=Regent Inns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventive_Leisure=Inventive Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitasoy=Vitasoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seca_GmbH=Seca GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Howie's_Pizza=Hungry Howie's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Communications=AT&T Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estes_Express_Lines=Estes Express Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDAG=EDAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Design=Flight Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer_Guitars=Kramer Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S-Fone=S-Fone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conference_Board=The Conference Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nibris=Nibris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clif_Bar=Clif Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Media_City=Dubai Media City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Dubuis=Roger Dubuis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerberus_Capital_Management=Cerberus Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tech_Mahindra=Tech Mahindra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester_Midland_Corporation=Rochester Midland Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Sailboats=Vanguard Sailboats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Monaco=Club Monaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midcounties_Co-operative=Midcounties Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_List=Elijah List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDF_Energy=EDF Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namco_(automobiles)=Namco (automobiles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Columbia_Ambulance_Service=British Columbia Ambulance Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinsent_Masons=Pinsent Masons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubicom=Ubicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_&_Barrett=Holland & Barrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwanami_Shoten,_Publishers=Iwanami Shoten, Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitaooji_Shobo_Publishing=Kitaooji Shobo Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KSS_(company)=KSS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behaviour_Interactive=Behaviour Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-Crescendo=Tri-Crescendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream_Energy=Stream Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Nation_UK=Live Nation UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Coq_Sportif=Le Coq Sportif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoic_Studios=Zoic Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorotheum=Dorotheum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Keilwerth=Julius Keilwerth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Globe_Organisation=Miss Globe Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PerfectWave_Technologies=PerfectWave Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELVO=ELVO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reims_Aviation=Reims Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skaggs_Companies=Skaggs Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Energy=Japan Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrifty_PayLess=Thrifty PayLess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tassimo=Tassimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriflame=Oriflame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SemBioSys_Genetics=SemBioSys Genetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soitec=Soitec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimme!_Coffee=Gimme! Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrythought=Merrythought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Stores=American Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boral=Boral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmers_Trading_Company=Farmers Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Barnett_Ltd=Arthur Barnett Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Learning=ABC Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_Limited=Federation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taste_(supermarket)=Taste (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabra_(headset)=Jabra (headset)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Telecom_Company=Saudi Telecom Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suhrkamp_Verlag=Suhrkamp Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcelona_Traction=Barcelona Traction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaCreations=MetaCreations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Aluminum=Kaiser Aluminum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Designs=Cascade Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christofle=Christofle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Press=Johnston Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kochi_Refineries=Kochi Refineries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivacom=Vivacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merz_Pharma=Merz Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_Power_Transmission_Corporation=Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commence_Corporation=Commence Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbury=Starbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller-Boyett_Productions=Miller-Boyett Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Television_Network=Egyptian Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shidax=Shidax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max's_of_Manila=Max's of Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENMAX=ENMAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Power_Authority=Ontario Power Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerBar=PowerBar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UST_Inc.=UST Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_Europe=General Motors Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mam_Tor_Publishing=Mam Tor Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAREXEL=PAREXEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Aerospace_Industry=Hellenic Aerospace Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_Resources=Compass Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Express_Company=Adams Express Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_Design_Inc.=Frog Design Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babcock_&_Brown=Babcock & Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubarry=Dubarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Networks=Extreme Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genzyme=Genzyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavasoft=Lavasoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_Shipyard=Cochin Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blenz_Coffee=Blenz Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peel_Group=The Peel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubert_Burda_Media=Hubert Burda Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller's_Department_Store=Miller's Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemote=Lemote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth,_Inc.=Blyth, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warid_Telecom=Warid Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorcroft=Moorcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Fare=Earth Fare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US-Taiwan_Business_Council=US-Taiwan Business Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everards_Brewery=Everards Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethio_Telecom=Ethio Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namco_Tales_Studio=Namco Tales Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Science=Mad Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HAVELSAN=HAVELSAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Cruises=Island Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_Film_Corporation=Triangle Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Technology_Group=Art Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial-a-Phone=Dial-a-Phone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Gate_Capital=Golden Gate Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Tech_Research_Institute=Georgia Tech Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scitex_Vision=Scitex Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artech_Digital_Entertainment=Artech Digital Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloha_Petroleum=Aloha Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnstons_of_Elgin=Johnstons of Elgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Jam_Comics=Strawberry Jam Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail_Wheel_Factory=Rail Wheel Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_&_Rhoads=Miller & Rhoads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamjee_Jute_Mills=Adamjee Jute Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baton_Rouge_(restaurant)=Baton Rouge (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krka_(company)=Krka (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripwire_(company)=Tripwire (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzlon_Energy=Suzlon Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JM_Productions=JM Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redfin=Redfin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aardvark-Vanaheim=Aardvark-Vanaheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tread_Lightly!=Tread Lightly!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_&_Halske=Siemens & Halske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkinson_(retailer)=Wilkinson (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eversholt_Rail_Group=Eversholt Rail Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Trains=Angel Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BellSouth_Telecommunications=BellSouth Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Amalgamated=Anglo-Amalgamated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_Tours=Compass Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eko_guitars=Eko guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Stores_Inc.=Stage Stores Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dredging_Corporation_of_India=Dredging Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lend_Lease_Retirement_Living=Lend Lease Retirement Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KangaRoos=KangaRoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church's=Church's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davrian=Davrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_(bicycles)=Time (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euler_Hermes=Euler Hermes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarake=Mandarake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whoopee_Camp=Whoopee Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farley's_Eatery_and_Pub=Farley's Eatery and Pub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strayer_Voigt_Inc=Strayer Voigt Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unipart=Unipart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Telefilm_Associates=National Telefilm Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CESC_Limited=CESC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intego=Intego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Displeased_Records=Displeased Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zensar_Technologies=Zensar Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CORE_Media_Group=CORE Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SS_Cars_Ltd=SS Cars Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regency_Enterprises=Regency Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interbrand=Interbrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_plc=Enterprise plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Navigation_Company=International Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidde=Kidde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_Communications=Insight Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears_(Mexico)=Sears (Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Palacio_de_Hierro=El Palacio de Hierro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_(store)=Liverpool (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarion=Tarion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_State_Road_Transport_Corporation=Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varsity_(bar)=Varsity (bar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoDisc=PhotoDisc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_Brothers_and_Company=Bush Brothers and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_Group=Booker Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endicott_Johnson_Corporation=Endicott Johnson Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matt_Brewing_Company=Matt Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Brothers=Toll Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_SEB=Groupe SEB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_Entertainment=Stage Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toda_Racing=Toda Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Portsmouth=P&O Portsmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coverity=Coverity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto's_Pub_&_Brewery=Otto's Pub & Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV18=TV18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snell_Memorial_Foundation=Snell Memorial Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_TV=Shaw TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Coconut_Planters_Bank=United Coconut Planters Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotterdamse_Elektrische_Tram=Rotterdamse Elektrische Tram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield_Clinic=Marshfield Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_World_Books=Better World Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Electronic_Systems_Laboratory=GTRI Electronic Systems Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubb_Security=Chubb Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybus_Airlines=Skybus Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealy_Corporation=Sealy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takefuji=Takefuji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LTX=LTX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverda=Laverda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwire=Clearwire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hills_Ammunition=Black Hills Ammunition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVC_Capital_Partners=CVC Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microchip_Technology=Microchip Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbots=Talbots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiheiyo_Cement=Taiheiyo Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachrach_Studios=Bachrach Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interislander=Interislander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuji_Electric=Fuji Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage_Capital_Management=Hermitage Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clover_(dairy)=Clover (dairy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlMaghrib_Institute=AlMaghrib Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chooseco=Chooseco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner's_Brewery=Skinner's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astellas_Pharma=Astellas Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriott_Vacation_Club=Marriott Vacation Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Range=Viking Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamato_Transport=Yamato Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherritt_International=Sherritt International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Publishers=Progress Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobily=Mobily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polycom=Polycom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_(clothing_retailer)=Edwin (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscilloquartz=Oscilloquartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Advanced_Industries_Company=Saudi Advanced Industries Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kana_Software=Kana Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leggett_&_Platt=Leggett & Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Ranger=Road Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indosat=Indosat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegis_Group=Allegis Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asylum=The Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry's_Foods=Jerry's Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Security_Bank_Savings=Security Bank Savings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heibao_(company)=Heibao (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Electronics=Orion Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creekstone_Farms_Premium_Beef=Creekstone Farms Premium Beef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminar_Group=Luminar Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aceralia=Aceralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usinor=Usinor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARBED=ARBED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netter_Digital=Netter Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W_Boyes_&_Co=W Boyes & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Bros=Bang Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainfreight=Mainfreight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Light_District_Video=Red Light District Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Food_Markets=Kings Food Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneysupermarket.com=Moneysupermarket.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saputo_Inc.=Saputo Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StubHub=StubHub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olga_TV=Olga TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_London=Rockstar London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EllisLab=EllisLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevy_Chase_Bank=Chevy Chase Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Group=Forrest Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerco=Powerco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camping_World=Camping World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Dreyfus_Group=Louis Dreyfus Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costa_Crociere=Costa Crociere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraport=Fraport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elefsis_Shipyards=Elefsis Shipyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Laver=Arnold Laver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avnet=Avnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centex=Centex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jones_Group=The Jones Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Automotive=Sonic Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antrix_Corporation=Antrix Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_for_the_Intellectually_Disabled_of_Singapore=Movement for the Intellectually Disabled of Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hintons=Hintons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qwest_Corporation=Qwest Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Knowledge_Village=Dubai Knowledge Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Earth_Tea=Good Earth Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingxing_Film_Company=Mingxing Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._E._Hooper=C. E. Hooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biopure=Biopure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Guys=Two Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengal_Nagpur_Railway=Bengal Nagpur Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_Multimedia_Group=Nation Multimedia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UOP_LLC=UOP LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Egypt=Vodafone Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actel=Actel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Mockery=I-Mockery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Weston_Limited=George Weston Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Family_Worldwide=ABC Family Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACL_(software_company)=ACL (software company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Comics=Texas Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downer_Rail=Downer Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Cell=Asia Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Media_Partnership=Detroit Media Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRIC_Tools=TRIC Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasil_Kirin=Brasil Kirin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBCUniversal_Cable=NBCUniversal Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Harbour_Bridges=Halifax Harbour Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyerbacher_Brewing_Company=Weyerbacher Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Software_Enterprises=Magic Software Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MiGente.com=MiGente.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havas=Havas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Model_Management=Storm Model Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Model_Management=Trump Model Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&B_Sound=A&B Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_Communications=Journal Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartridge_World=Cartridge World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrington_Broadcasting=Barrington Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ollie's_Bargain_Outlet=Ollie's Bargain Outlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexicon_(company)=Lexicon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TZ_Limited=TZ Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanmar=Yanmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Greece=Vodafone Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-800_Contacts=1-800 Contacts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster-Miller=Foster-Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genevestigator=Genevestigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orville_by_Gibson=Orville by Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Planet_Entertainment=Atomic Planet Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parken_Sport_&_Entertainment=Parken Sport & Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Meyer_Jewelers=Fred Meyer Jewelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Savings_Bank=Philippine Savings Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neural_Audio_Corporation=Neural Audio Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahou-San_Miguel_Group=Mahou-San Miguel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobacs_Seven=Autobacs Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3ware=3ware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Senior_Living=Sunrise Senior Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taj_Hotels_Resorts_and_Palaces=Taj Hotels Resorts and Palaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_4_Less=Food 4 Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Fire_Arms_Manufacturing_Company=U.S. Fire Arms Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton's_The_Steakhouse=Morton's The Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&S_Wholesale_Grocers=C&S Wholesale Grocers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Global_Group=Grey Global Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno's=Bruno's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWALEC=SWALEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TT-Line=TT-Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seagull_Book=Seagull Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LANDESK=LANDESK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Cruise_Lines=American Cruise Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircastle=Aircastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zantigo=Zantigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothmans_International=Rothmans International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tote=The Tote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currys_Digital=Currys Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YP_Holdings=YP Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Aerospace_Industries=Korea Aerospace Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakland=Lakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooley_Distillery=Cooley Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacks_(Canada)=Blacks (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citycell=Citycell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avions_Voisin=Avions Voisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petropavlovsk_plc=Petropavlovsk plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopra_Group=Sopra Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roses_Theatre=Roses Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinsa-Fadesa=Martinsa-Fadesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storebrand=Storebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Rooter=Mr. Rooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Horse_Brewery=Dark Horse Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamoil=Tamoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cetus_Corporation=Cetus Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavium=Cavium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_Brewing_Company=Arcadia Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CiCi's_Pizza=CiCi's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LS_Studio=LS Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Superconductor=American Superconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC_Club=PC Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IISCO_Steel_Plant=IISCO Steel Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Chili_and_Deli=Dixie Chili and Deli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicken_Loans=Quicken Loans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowpages.com=Yellowpages.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuju_Entertainment=Kuju Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YO!_Sushi=YO! Sushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGladrey=McGladrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fadesa=Fadesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Village_(company)=Ocean Village (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softmax_(game_developer)=Softmax (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Choice=Fresh Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CANTV=CANTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helio_(wireless_carrier)=Helio (wireless carrier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightstar_Corporation=Brightstar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonds_(clothing)=Bonds (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Sport=ITV Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington_Industries=Worthington Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Paris=Ubisoft Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santee_Cooper=Santee Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoopid_Monkey=Stoopid Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rue21=Rue21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexcite=Nexcite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Taekwondo_Association=American Taekwondo Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobitel_(Slovenia)=Mobitel (Slovenia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TANESCO=TANESCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collingwood_&_Co.=Collingwood & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsons_Brinckerhoff=Parsons Brinckerhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._F._White_Contracting_Co.=J. F. White Contracting Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Technology=Kingston Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protocol_Entertainment=Protocol Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comboios_de_Portugal=Comboios de Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sculptured_Software=Sculptured Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamuda_Berhad=Gamuda Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narus_(company)=Narus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Scotia_Power=Nova Scotia Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Commercial_Banking_Corporation=Rizal Commercial Banking Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Verkehr=Veolia Verkehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Canadian_Gaming=Great Canadian Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevation_Partners=Elevation Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_Puerto_Rico=Claro Puerto Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_River_Transportation_Company=American River Transportation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CH2M_Hill=CH2M Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revol_Wireless=Revol Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreatCall=GreatCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_Lake_Minnetonka=Museum of Lake Minnetonka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xchanging=Xchanging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PVR_Cinemas=PVR Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavebob=Wavebob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awesome_Comics=Awesome Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Martin_Information_Technology=Lockheed Martin Information Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westpark_Foundries=Westpark Foundries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pony_International=Pony International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serials_Solutions=Serials Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCE_Bend_Studio=SCE Bend Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted_Baker=Ted Baker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETF_Securities=ETF Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Tyrwhitt=Charles Tyrwhitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Goose_(clothing)=Canada Goose (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregan_Networks=Oregan Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Islamic_Trust=North American Islamic Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titche-Goettinger=Titche-Goettinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echizen_Railway=Echizen Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumagai_Gumi=Kumagai Gumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiren_Co.=Seiren Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukui_Railway=Fukui Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Asia=Wild Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synergy_(electricity_corporation)=Synergy (electricity corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antidote_Films=Antidote Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuchs_Petrolub=Fuchs Petrolub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsuura_Machinery=Matsuura Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Eye_Pix=Glass Eye Pix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morinaga_Milk_Industry=Morinaga Milk Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morinaga_&_Company=Morinaga & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Vancouver=Rockstar Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heironimus=Heironimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loehmann's=Loehmann's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakai_Limited_Footwear=Lakai Limited Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pravetz_computers=Pravetz computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mottahedeh_&_Company=Mottahedeh & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistwalker=Mistwalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noise_Factory=Noise Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BurnLounge=BurnLounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CalorieKing=CalorieKing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiffy_Lube=Jiffy Lube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Home_Entertainment=Media Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham-Paige=Graham-Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_State_Oil=Pakistan State Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalyst_Paper=Catalyst Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NYAV_Post=NYAV Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DayStar_Digital=DayStar Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SegaSoft=SegaSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivarium_Inc.=Vivarium Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belstaff=Belstaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advaxis=Advaxis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_Materials_Holding_Corporation=Building Materials Holding Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCS_Courier=TCS Courier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwestern_Company=Southwestern Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eramet=Eramet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Information_Processing_Society=Canadian Information Processing Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tally_Weijl=Tally Weijl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratloop=Ratloop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Holding=Delta Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JYP_Entertainment=JYP Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_&_Cash=Rush & Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Aeronautical_Complex=Pakistan Aeronautical Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Cruises=P&O Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeWalt=DeWalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_Liquor_Corporation=Yukon Liquor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taser_International=Taser International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotary_Watches=Rotary Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instaphone=Instaphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfoundland_and_Labrador_Liquor_Corporation=Newfoundland and Labrador Liquor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Liquor_Corporation=New Brunswick Liquor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Broadcasting_(company)=Internet Broadcasting (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennar_Corporation=Lennar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._R._Horton=D. R. Horton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONEOK=ONEOK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoke's_Fresh_Market=Yoke's Fresh Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genuine_Parts_Company=Genuine Parts Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unify_Corporation=Unify Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Piano_Company=Baldwin Piano Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltika_Breweries=Baltika Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Cinemas=Empire Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001_Outlet=2001 Outlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlyphX=GlyphX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclacel=Cyclacel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Long=King Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempo_Centar=Tempo Centar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMeter=EMeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Department_Store=Lotte Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSAT_(The_Schools_Network)=SSAT (The Schools Network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Railway_Corporation=China Railway Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_Communications=Fenton Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrustmaster=Thrustmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Life_Insurance_Company_of_America=Guardian Life Insurance Company of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Fuel_Services=World Fuel Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YRC_Worldwide=YRC Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RR_Donnelley=RR Donnelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyron_Corporation=Chyron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smarte_Carte=Smarte Carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praxair=Praxair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assurant=Assurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrys_Energy_Group=Integrys Energy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Transfer_Partners=Energy Transfer Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_Food_Group=Performance Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocs=Crocs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CodeBlack_Entertainment=CodeBlack Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunOpta=SunOpta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Safra=Banco Safra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Fraser_Timber=West Fraser Timber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamboanga_City_Special_Economic_Zone_Authority=Zamboanga City Special Economic Zone Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTM_Cars=GTM Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroecuador=Petroecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babcock_International=Babcock International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Multimedia=Morris Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Aerospace,_Transportation_and_Advanced_Systems_Laboratory=GTRI Aerospace, Transportation and Advanced Systems Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Electro-Optical_Systems_Laboratory=GTRI Electro-Optical Systems Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Applied_Systems_Laboratory=GTRI Applied Systems Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Information_and_Communications_Laboratory=GTRI Information and Communications Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Sensors_and_Electromagnetic_Applications_Laboratory=GTRI Sensors and Electromagnetic Applications Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Advanced_Concepts_Laboratory=GTRI Advanced Concepts Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_do_Brasil=Volkswagen do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisongs=Harrisongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empresas_1BC=Empresas 1BC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Performance_Center=Opel Performance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenor_Pakistan=Telenor Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telespazio=Telespazio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Electric=K-Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_Magnetics=Stanton Magnetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixy_Chicken=Dixy Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Capital_Partners=Sun Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STX_(sports_manufacturer)=STX (sports manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury_Automotive_Group=Asbury Automotive Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsmax_Media=Newsmax Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_Railways_Commission=Australian National Railways Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Railways=Commonwealth Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson,_Inc.=Ryerson, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueLinx=BlueLinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_International=Smith International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._W._Grainger=W. W. Grainger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason's_Deli=Jason's Deli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrabba's_Italian_Grill=Carrabba's Italian Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastech_Engineered_Products=Plastech Engineered Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argonide=Argonide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moser_Baer=Moser Baer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_String_Instrument_Corporation=National String Instrument Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnicare=Omnicare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto-Owners_Insurance=Auto-Owners Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Berkley=W. R. Berkley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crompton_Greaves=Crompton Greaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_Space_Incorporated=Image Space Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradigm_Entertainment=Paradigm Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carquest=Carquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Wine_&_More=Total Wine & More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Nile_(company)=Blue Nile (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transportistas_Unidos_Mexicanos=Transportistas Unidos Mexicanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brendle's=Brendle's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDC_Holdings=MDC Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Life=Pacific Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bburago=Bburago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garment_District_(clothing_retailer)=Garment District (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_Skis=Hart Skis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Rail_Corporation=National Rail Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexans=Nexans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_It_All=Do It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Brewing_Company=Pearl Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adler_Seeds=Adler Seeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Gujarat=Mahindra Gujarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copersucar=Copersucar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications=Frontier Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milio's_Sandwiches=Milio's Sandwiches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LS_Cable_&_System=LS Cable & System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brammo=Brammo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Schein=Henry Schein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCANA=SCANA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iseki=Iseki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentive_Specialty_Chemicals=Momentive Specialty Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericsson_Nikola_Tesla=Ericsson Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Health_Services=Universal Health Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pol-Mot=Pol-Mot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Pacific_Homes=Standard Pacific Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claas=Claas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CREDO_Mobile=CREDO Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Border_Mexican_Grill_&_Cantina=On the Border Mexican Grill & Cantina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Inn=Pizza Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freight_Australia=Freight Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Shorthaul_Railroad=Southern Shorthaul Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Australian_Railways=South Australian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_City=Creative City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weissenborn=Weissenborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faronics=Faronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lam_Research=Lam Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spira_Footwear_Inc.=Spira Footwear Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullpower_Technologies=Fullpower Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Bus_Incorporated=Champion Bus Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggiano's_Little_Italy=Maggiano's Little Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Gas_Resources=Western Gas Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anixter=Anixter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Energy_Corporation=Wisconsin Energy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brine_(brand)=Brine (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Health_Systems=Community Health Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EOG_Resources=EOG Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paz_Oil_Company=Paz Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evraz=Evraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rita's_Italian_Ice=Rita's Italian Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Transport_Network=Australian Transport Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanes=Hanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDM_Bank=MDM Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBD_Media=CBD Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Society_of_Plastic_Surgeons=American Society of Plastic Surgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Consulting_Inc.=University Consulting Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etranger_di_Costarica=Etranger di Costarica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott's_Food_&_Pharmacy=Scott's Food & Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunflower_Market=Sunflower Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoppers_Food_&_Pharmacy=Shoppers Food & Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornbacher's=Hornbacher's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standa=Standa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_&_Silverton_Rail=Southern & Silverton Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Freight_Car_Leasing_Australia=Chicago Freight Car Leasing Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jel_Sert=Jel Sert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jako=Jako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optical_Cable_Corporation=Optical Cable Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovation_Place_Research_Park=Innovation Place Research Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_Cinemas=Landmark Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenes_de_Buenos_Aires=Trenes de Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunward_Aerospace_Group=Sunward Aerospace Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smythson=Smythson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPass=IPass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuehne_+_Nagel=Kuehne + Nagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maadiran_Group=Maadiran Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Films=Destination Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TD_Ameritrade=TD Ameritrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multimedia_(media_company)=Multimedia (media company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xlibris=Xlibris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walmart_Canada=Walmart Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WingStreet=WingStreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Bonifacio_Echeverria=Star Bonifacio Echeverria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LNP_Media_Group=LNP Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soccer_United_Marketing=Soccer United Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahakel_Communications=Bahakel Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pechiney=Pechiney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Lio_Ho=Ford Lio Ho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_Ohyama=Iris Ohyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toray_Industries=Toray Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundy's=Roundy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_1_Automotive=Group 1 Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ImprovBoston=ImprovBoston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_&_Aikman=Collins & Aikman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opening_Day_Partners=Opening Day Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upsher-Smith_Laboratories=Upsher-Smith Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Heroes,_Inc.=Virtual Heroes, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LW_Stores=LW Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technip=Technip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Pictures=Celestial Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeus_Technology=Zeus Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wella=Wella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fram_(filter)=Fram (filter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Financial_Ministries=Crown Financial Ministries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Coal=UK Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indie_Press_Revolution=Indie Press Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberdrola_USA=Iberdrola USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Connecticut_Gas=Southern Connecticut Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connecticut_Natural_Gas=Connecticut Natural Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitano=Metropolitano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strada=Strada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bully_Pulpit_Games=Bully Pulpit Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Musical_Instrument_Company=Original Musical Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankur_Group=Ankur Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrabel=Electrabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Pharmaceuticals=Douglas Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDRO_Group=IDRO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Stationers=United Stationers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Hardware_Distributing_Company=United Hardware Distributing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityNightLine=CityNightLine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_Bermuda=HSBC Bank Bermuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNK-BP=TNK-BP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abertis=Abertis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Seasons_Market=New Seasons Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_AG=Samson AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laing_O'Rourke=Laing O'Rourke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maples_and_Calder=Maples and Calder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Hydro_&_Nuclear_Power=Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ailsa_Shipbuilding_Company=Ailsa Shipbuilding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handel's_Homemade_Ice_Cream_&_Yogurt=Handel's Homemade Ice Cream & Yogurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Hydro=Toronto Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAM_Mobile_Data=RAM Mobile Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabertooth_Games=Sabertooth Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad's_Root_Beer=Dad's Root Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Brands=Russell Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charities_Aid_Foundation=Charities Aid Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipsen=Ipsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janssen-Cilag=Janssen-Cilag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chi_Mei_Corporation=Chi Mei Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_Innovations=Luna Innovations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landini_(tractor)=Landini (tractor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westone=Westone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Fields=Gold Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaccine_and_Infectious_Disease_Organization=Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grocery_Outlet=Grocery Outlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunRocket=SunRocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IvyWise=IvyWise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabourn_Cruise_Line=Seabourn Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manitowoc_Company=The Manitowoc Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGaming_Review=EGaming Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Old_Crows=Association of Old Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Nedlloyd=P&O Nedlloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Brewery=Falcon Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Reso-Phonic_Guitars=National Reso-Phonic Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_UFJ_Securities_International=Mitsubishi UFJ Securities International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotswold_Outdoor=Cotswold Outdoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Italy=Vodafone Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_For_Feet=Just For Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narragansett_Brewing_Company=Narragansett Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Fleet_Farm=Mills Fleet Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_American_Legal_Defense_and_Educational_Fund=Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norby's_Farm_Fleet=Norby's Farm Fleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentiMark=CentiMark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Acoustics=Boston Acoustics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invacare=Invacare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Brothers_Milawa_Vineyard=Brown Brothers Milawa Vineyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snap_Kick_Productions=Snap Kick Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pied_Piper_Comics=Pied Piper Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octaviar=Octaviar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_City=Computer City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Group_of_America=Volkswagen Group of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._A._Kharafi_&_Sons=M. A. Kharafi & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viridian_Group=Viridian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelyabinsk_Tractor_Plant=Chelyabinsk Tractor Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Food_Mart=Miracle Food Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemalto=Gemalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabs.com=Dabs.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barclay_Curle=Barclay Curle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aveling-Barford=Aveling-Barford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrol_AD=Petrol AD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircel_Comics=Aircel Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainward=Gainward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nifty_Comics=Nifty Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamabad_Electric_Supply_Company=Islamabad Electric Supply Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabel_Brothers_Productions=Dabel Brothers Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vipnet=Vipnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genki_(company)=Genki (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAV_Airports_Holding=TAV Airports Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolworths_(New_Zealand)=Woolworths (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolworths_(South_Africa)=Woolworths (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobipocket=Mobipocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Japan_Yakiniku_Association=All Japan Yakiniku Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_(ISP)=Free (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Bondurant_School_of_High_Performance_Driving=Bob Bondurant School of High Performance Driving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laserfiche=Laserfiche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennon_Group=Pennon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_West_Water=South West Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cravens=Cravens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViK._Recordings=ViK. Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farman_Aviation_Works=Farman Aviation Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alon_USA=Alon USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para_USA=Para USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Reproductions=Crown Reproductions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Choo_Ltd=Jimmy Choo Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_Cable=Destiny Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genuardi's=Genuardi's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avari_Hotels=Avari Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centers_for_Space_Oceanography=Centers for Space Oceanography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt-Chapman_&_Scott=Merritt-Chapman & Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuzhou_Electric_Locomotive_Co.,_Ltd.=Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSR_Sifang_Co_Ltd.=CSR Sifang Co Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSD&M=GSD&M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Jersey_Industries=South Jersey Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synapse_Films=Synapse Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vera_Bradley=Vera Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Creatures=Intelligent Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Adventures_(comics_retailer)=Strange Adventures (comics retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Tide_Studios=Rising Tide Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiffeisen_Zentralbank=Raiffeisen Zentralbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albanian-American_Enterprise_Fund=Albanian-American Enterprise Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dramatic_Dream_Team=Dramatic Dream Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_International=Lennox International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TT_Games=TT Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orascom_Construction_Industries=Orascom Construction Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_(UK)=Orange (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandy's=Grandy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonrho=Lonrho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ElDorado_National=ElDorado National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshen_Coach=Goshen Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_Industries=Thor Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_New_Hampshire_InterOperability_Laboratory=University of New Hampshire InterOperability Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Entertainment=Marvel Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San-Ai_Oil=San-Ai Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osem_(company)=Osem (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Road_Administration=Swedish Road Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNET_America=SNET America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickerson_Farms=Nickerson Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_ForWord=Fast ForWord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lerner_Enterprises=Lerner Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_Rage_Championships=Cage Rage Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panon=Panon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Shipping=Irish Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tishman_Speyer=Tishman Speyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_(company)=Lakeland (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Bargains=Home Bargains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrokor=Agrokor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saviem=Saviem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Com_Hem=Com Hem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viper_Comics=Viper Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hain_Celestial_Group=Hain Celestial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4K_Media_Inc.=4K Media Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolmar=Dolmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati_Car_Company=Cincinnati Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Forbes=Eureka Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi_a.d.=Bambi a.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hong_Kong_and_China_Gas_Company=The Hong Kong and China Gas Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Capital_Rail_Services=GE Capital Rail Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eftel=Eftel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Pakistan=Siemens Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthwood=Earthwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Motors=Force Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broadway=The Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getsuyosha=Getsuyosha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_Blanche=Maison Blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geox=Geox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_National_Construction_Corporation=Philippine National Construction Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lobb_Bootmaker=John Lobb Bootmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Development_Complex=National Development Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_PC=Chip PC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambia_Health_Solutions=Cambia Health Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstream_Communications=Windstream Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Mike's_Subs=Jersey Mike's Subs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Wich%3F=Which Wich?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodog=Bodog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_India=IBM India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masdar=Masdar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_(cutlery)=Global (cutlery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlewoods=Littlewoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_Kingsley_Publishers=Jessica Kingsley Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idea_Cellular=Idea Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Cochin_Development_Authority=Greater Cochin Development Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FieldCraft_(company)=FieldCraft (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultrasis=Ultrasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire-Lite_Alarms=Fire-Lite Alarms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torneos_y_Competencias=Torneos y Competencias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward's_Natural_Science=Ward's Natural Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorky_Film_Studio=Gorky Film Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RF_Micro_Devices=RF Micro Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spam_Cube=Spam Cube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown_Software=Motown Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Irish_Sea=P&O Irish Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparrow_Health_System=Sparrow Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Optix=Silicon Optix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCTV_International=RCTV International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strikeforce_(mixed_martial_arts)=Strikeforce (mixed martial arts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parlay_Entertainment=Parlay Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostogradnja=Mostogradnja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabasse_(company)=Cabasse (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEX_One=DEX One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel_(company)=Noel (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartwell_Technology=Chartwell Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italcementi=Italcementi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holosofx=Holosofx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Flame=Black Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burj_Bank=Burj Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InfoPark,_Kochi=InfoPark, Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SETA_Corporation=SETA Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auntie_Anne's=Auntie Anne's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonos=Sonos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvand_Free_Zone=Arvand Free Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaygold=Kaygold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovative_Interfaces=Innovative Interfaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berol=Berol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loews_Hotels=Loews Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Tailor=Tom Tailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Council_of_Jewish_Parliamentarians=International Council of Jewish Parliamentarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanishq=Tanishq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cod_Potato_Chips=Cape Cod Potato Chips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavian_Design_(store)=Scandinavian Design (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Christopher_Iba_Mar_Diop_College_of_Medicine=St Christopher Iba Mar Diop College of Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Converters=Cash Converters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egon_Zehnder=Egon Zehnder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Houtte=Van Houtte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaylorMade-Adidas=TaylorMade-Adidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Electronic_Payment_System=Malaysian Electronic Payment System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adani_Group=Adani Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsons_Brewery=Robinsons Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernina_International=Bernina International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Inn=Premier Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Leisure=Digital Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamana_Gold=Yamana Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyBitz=SkyBitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_City_Press=Inner City Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centel=Centel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Bank_of_Communications=Philippine Bank of Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watanabe_Entertainment=Watanabe Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Shack=Shake Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Machine_Works=Lakshmi Machine Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Games=Q-Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticona=Ticona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Ghurair_Group=Al Ghurair Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meeting_House=The Meeting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaheen_Airport_Services=Shaheen Airport Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Taco=Surf Taco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manx2=Manx2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Filipino=Banco Filipino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Grisogono=De Grisogono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Cinemas=ABC Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CinemaNow=CinemaNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_Broadcasting_Corporation=Notre Dame Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Horse_Adult_Resort_&_Spa=Wild Horse Adult Resort & Spa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermec=Intermec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OCZ_Storage_Solutions=OCZ Storage Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mu-Tron=Mu-Tron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elion_Enterprises_Limited=Elion Enterprises Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratoires_Servier=Laboratoires Servier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Racing_Network=Motor Racing Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_Racing_Network=Performance Racing Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYS_Technologies=SYS Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Diemen=Van Diemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingstop=Wingstop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenor_Serbia=Telenor Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetpaint=Wetpaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irisbus=Irisbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transdev_Brisbane_Ferries=Transdev Brisbane Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsubakimoto_Chain=Tsubakimoto Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DLF_Limited=DLF Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIA_Novosti=RIA Novosti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PacifiCorp=PacifiCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire_Hathaway_Energy=Berkshire Hathaway Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidAmerican_Energy_Company=MidAmerican Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Shield_Stamps=Green Shield Stamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultramar=Ultramar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safaricom=Safaricom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudepohl_Brewing_Company=Hudepohl Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongtong_Bus=Zhongtong Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrovial=Ferrovial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasury_(store)=The Treasury (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stash_Tea_Company=Stash Tea Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammacher_Schlemmer=Hammacher Schlemmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Industries=Shaw Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmland_Industries=Farmland Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBN_Broadcasting_Network,_Inc.=PBN Broadcasting Network, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNET_Video=CNET Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_Knowledge_Systems=Aladdin Knowledge Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Shipbuilding_Corporation=Kawasaki Shipbuilding Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acciona=Acciona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASELSAN=ASELSAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Publishing_Company=Curtis Publishing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrol_Ofisi=Petrol Ofisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integral_Energy=Integral Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five-Company_Agreement=Five-Company Agreement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Press_Holdings=Singapore Press Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee's_Famous_Recipe_Chicken=Lee's Famous Recipe Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DDR_Corp.=DDR Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ground_Round=Ground Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Industries=Alpha Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Screen_Cinemas=Golden Screen Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sora_Ltd.=Sora Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brihanmumbai_Electric_Supply_and_Transport=Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Corporation=Pacific Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_&_Sons=Norton & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EvoBus=EvoBus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipeworks_Software=Pipeworks Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarins=Clarins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seo_Taiji_Company=Seo Taiji Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Broughton=Roger Broughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scolari's_Food_and_Drug=Scolari's Food and Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Outdoor_Products=Daisy Outdoor Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongkong_and_Yaumati_Ferry=Hongkong and Yaumati Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Ferry=Hong Kong Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Science_Games=Rocket Science Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrybrown=Marrybrown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patron_Capital=Patron Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Sorcery=Silicon Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niassa_Company=Niassa Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokalbanen=Lokalbanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Tech_Applied_Research_Corporation=Georgia Tech Applied Research Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crutchfield_Corporation=Crutchfield Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinneys=Spinneys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbo_(supermarket)=Jumbo (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Handyside_and_Company=Andrew Handyside and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_Steamship_Company=Greek Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Weather=ITV Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnMobile=OnMobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aveva=Aveva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_Bank_of_Omaha=First National Bank of Omaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_Trust=Dogs Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_C=Big C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neurocrine_Biosciences=Neurocrine Biosciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldor_Electric_Company=Baldor Electric Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ashcroft_Group=The Ashcroft Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindicatum=Sindicatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diedrich_Coffee=Diedrich Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howmet_Castings=Howmet Castings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Engineering_Corporation=Toyo Engineering Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Construction=Granite Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_for_the_Prevention_of_Cruelty_to_Animals_(Hong_Kong)=Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifted_Research_Group=Lifted Research Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Audio=Meridian Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neill_(brand)=O'Neill (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunghwa_Telecom=Chunghwa Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Pharmacy=Brooks Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TowerData=TowerData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_of_Choice=Market of Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syms_Corporation=Syms Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arika=Arika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeWave_Technologies=FreeWave Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cbus=Cbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettys_and_Taylors_of_Harrogate=Bettys and Taylors of Harrogate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadu=Jadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wateen_Telecom=Wateen Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elway_Research=Elway Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Energy=Good Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIND_Hellas=WIND Hellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Events_Productions=World Events Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NMC_Health=NMC Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeam=Seventeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_Software=Avalanche Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_of_Nebraska=First National of Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GVU=GVU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_&_Heath=Allen & Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argo_Tea=Argo Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvell_Technology_Group=Marvell Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nd_Cube=Nd Cube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminox=Luminox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Industries=House Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorian_Curriculum_and_Assessment_Authority=Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haldiram's=Haldiram's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Dunhill_Ltd.=Alfred Dunhill Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALROSA=ALROSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maplin_Electronics=Maplin Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keurig=Keurig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Rogers=TV Rogers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_(pen_company)=Pilot (pen company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Merchants_Corporation=First Merchants Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominick's=Dominick's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JayC_Food_Stores=JayC Food Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defence_Materiel_Organisation=Defence Materiel Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoWooD_Entertainment=JoWooD Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Auto_Wreckers=Victory Auto Wreckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motala_Verkstad=Motala Verkstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongoose_(bicycles)=Mongoose (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyer_Brothers=Boyer Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Arts=Rainbow Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminum_Corporation_of_China_Limited=Aluminum Corporation of China Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Northwest=Energy Northwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Pizza=Mr. Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keurig_Green_Mountain=Keurig Green Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monginis=Monginis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microdeal=Microdeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontana_Distribution=Fontana Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Sams=Fantastic Sams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestige_Brands=Prestige Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Certified_Service=GM Certified Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Home_Mortgage=American Home Mortgage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witmark=Witmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrapin_Beer_Company=Terrapin Beer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambient_Weather=Ambient Weather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LD_Lines=LD Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigott_Foundation=Bigott Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mintons=Mintons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOCO_International=SOCO International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleflora=Teleflora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroc_Telecom=Maroc Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knology=Knology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry's=Terry's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer's_Products=Elmer's Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamic_Parcel_Distribution=Dynamic Parcel Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burckhardt_Compression=Burckhardt Compression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIND_(Italy)=WIND (Italy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagunitas_Brewing_Company=Lagunitas Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pullmantur_Cruises=Pullmantur Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goyard=Goyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrian_Group=Carrian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northfield_Laboratories=Northfield Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isuzu_(Anadolu)=Isuzu (Anadolu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AboveNet=AboveNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemvigbanen=Lemvigbanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharma_Productions=Dharma Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCV_Bus_and_Coach=MCV Bus and Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEA_Group=GEA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atod=Atod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RGC_Resources=RGC Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Employees'_Distributing_Company=Federal Employees' Distributing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington_Brewery=Worthington Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_Fund=The Mall Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraaf_Media_Groep=Telegraaf Media Groep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professionals_in_the_City=Professionals in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Asia_Insurance=Central Asia Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corneliani=Corneliani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrozzeria_Marazzi=Carrozzeria Marazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishapore_Rifle_Factory=Ishapore Rifle Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameplanet_(New_Zealand)=Gameplanet (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzog,_Fox_&_Ne'eman=Herzog, Fox & Ne'eman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer,_Behar,_Chen,_Well,_Orion_&_Co.=Fischer, Behar, Chen, Well, Orion & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gornitzky_&_Co.=Gornitzky & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Insurance=Westfield Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICLEI=ICLEI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UP_Aerospace=UP Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Sugar_Corporation=Taiwan Sugar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FarEasTone=FarEasTone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masisa=Masisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reject_Shop=The Reject Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirari_Films=Mirari Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_Racing_Boats=Eton Racing Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meitar_Liquornik_Geva_&_Leshem_Brandwein=Meitar Liquornik Geva & Leshem Brandwein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermeccanica=Intermeccanica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balter,_Guth,_Aloni_&_Co.=Balter, Guth, Aloni & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yigal_Arnon_&_Co.=Yigal Arnon & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Horowitz_&_Co.=S. Horowitz & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASML_Holding=ASML Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampico_Beverages=Tampico Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systemax=Systemax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogou=Sogou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallup_(company)=Gallup (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amit,_Pollak,_Matalon_&_Co.=Amit, Pollak, Matalon & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denizbank=Denizbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Films=Liberty Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tum_Yeto=Tum Yeto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gross,_Kleinhendler,_Hodak,_Halevy,_Greenberg_&_Co.=Gross, Kleinhendler, Hodak, Halevy, Greenberg & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfarb_Seligman_&_Co.=Goldfarb Seligman & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._Firon_&_Co.=M. Firon & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Market=Star Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Farms=Bristol Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeld-Wen=Jeld-Wen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severstal=Severstal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systema_Engineering=Systema Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenix=Tenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTNow=CTNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester_Products_Division=Rochester Products Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raritan_Inc.=Raritan Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikes_(restaurant)=Mikes (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jashanmal=Jashanmal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclaim_Games=Acclaim Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acuity_Insurance=Acuity Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGA_(Australian_supermarket_group)=IGA (Australian supermarket group)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Theatre,_Regina=Globe Theatre, Regina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twofour=Twofour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Games_Corporation=Scientific Games Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_account=The One account
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMS.ac,_Inc.=SMS.ac, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LegalZoom=LegalZoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMCE_Bank=BMCE Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_Special_Economic_Zone=Cochin Special Economic Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamalpur_Locomotive_Workshop=Jamalpur Locomotive Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Zachodni_WBK=Bank Zachodni WBK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Micro_Circuits_Corporation=Applied Micro Circuits Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Holt_Harvey=Carter Holt Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clicquot_Club_Company=Clicquot Club Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_Less_Super_Markets=Pay Less Super Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Telephone_Company=National Telephone Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ST_Engineering=ST Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakon=Rakon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-mate=I-mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Cross_Health=Green Cross Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andronico's=Andronico's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busan_Transportation_Corporation=Busan Transportation Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destineer=Destineer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchumi_Supermarkets=Uchumi Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRQ=PRQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVX_Broadcast_Group=TVX Broadcast Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant-Carlisle=Giant-Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant-Landover=Giant-Landover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suntech_Power=Suntech Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Paul_Mitchell_Systems=John Paul Mitchell Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zono_Incorporated=Zono Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haldor_Topsoe=Haldor Topsoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunghwa_Post=Chunghwa Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redboss=Redboss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narita_International_Airport_Corporation=Narita International Airport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Interactive=Avalon Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Alpha=Sony Alpha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramtron_International=Ramtron International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Star_Studios=Gold Star Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIM_International_Music=HIM International Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Purdey_&_Sons=James Purdey & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Integrated_Research_&_Development=Nintendo Integrated Research & Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_(company)=Athena (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuten_Linkshare=Rakuten Linkshare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiki_Theatre_Company=Shiki Theatre Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Containers=Overseas Containers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Training_&_Simulation=Thales Training & Simulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Group=Cook Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_Accessorize=Monsoon Accessorize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord_Hotels=Gaylord Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Motors=Rolls-Royce Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Motor_Cars=Rolls-Royce Motor Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Limited=Rolls-Royce Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMaster-Carr=McMaster-Carr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SFM_Entertainment=SFM Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_Components_Holdings=Automotive Components Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loctite=Loctite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texperts=Texperts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Water_Transport_Department=Kerala State Water Transport Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ODIN_technologies=ODIN technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Press_Institute=Global Press Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_Brewing_Company=Mendocino Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusonic=Trusonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PruHealth=PruHealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verigy=Verigy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HopeLab=HopeLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Fields=Mrs. Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironclad_Games=Ironclad Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epcos=Epcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazagon_Dock=Mazagon Dock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N3V_Games=N3V Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escal_Institute_of_Advanced_Technologies=The Escal Institute of Advanced Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Pharma=Omega Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogwoof_Pictures=Dogwoof Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Hollandi_Bank=Saudi Hollandi Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Medical_Society=Massachusetts Medical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Seat=Toyo Seat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axcelis_Technologies=Axcelis Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SilverStone_Technology=SilverStone Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahn_yoga=Dahn yoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_(WWE)=The World (WWE)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Programs=Creative Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Whaler=Boston Whaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperFerry=SuperFerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Electricity_Board=Kerala State Electricity Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafed_Network_for_Cultural_Development=Rafed Network for Cultural Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endemol_Australia=Endemol Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endemol_Southern_Star=Endemol Southern Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Mobile=ITV Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRISA=PRISA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DonorsChoose=DonorsChoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nex_Entertainment=Nex Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Professor=Video Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailer_Park,_Inc.=Trailer Park, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cebu_Ferries=Cebu Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunland_Group=Sunland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Multiplex=Brookfield Multiplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curiosity_Company=The Curiosity Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Treat=Chicken Treat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_&_Co.=Boss & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westley_Richards=Westley Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NovaGold_Resources=NovaGold Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGN=IGN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Ammunition=Wolf Ammunition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrock_Farms=Shamrock Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Allen_(furniture_company)=Ethan Allen (furniture company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Automobili_Srbija=Fiat Automobili Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KLG_Systel=KLG Systel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candela_Corp=Candela Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxclever=Boxclever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benetti=Benetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Communications=Siemens Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesla_Motors=Tesla Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NARS_Cosmetics=NARS Cosmetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Productions=Ginger Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STV_Productions=STV Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_To_Go!=Good To Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Mousquetaires=Les Mousquetaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meritage_Homes_Corporation=Meritage Homes Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMC_Limited=CMC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filene's_Basement=Filene's Basement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spangles_(restaurant)=Spangles (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mile_High_Comics=Mile High Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMC_(Turkey)=BMC (Turkey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blurb,_Inc.=Blurb, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylan's_Candy_Bar=Dylan's Candy Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondeca=Mondeca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinen's_Fine_Foods=Heinen's Fine Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firstrade_Securities=Firstrade Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_National_Advertisers=Association of National Advertisers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilford_Photo=Ilford Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._J._Korvette=E. J. Korvette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Games_System=International Games System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_International_Youth_Science_Forum=London International Youth Science Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media24=Media24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baotian_Motorcycle_Company=Baotian Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Telecommunication_Company_Ltd=Pakistan Telecommunication Company Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobias_(bass_guitar_company)=Tobias (bass guitar company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SP_Setia=SP Setia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raycom_Sports=Raycom Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynalite=Dynalite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tie_Rack=Tie Rack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interoute=Interoute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinross_Gold=Kinross Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_Bank=Santander Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeview_(New_Zealand)=Freeview (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novelis=Novelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwired=Unwired
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_films_du_losange=Les films du losange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azimut_Yachts=Azimut Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Vision_Television=New Vision Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Music=Ultra Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Talent_Agency=United Talent Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_+_Osa=Martin + Osa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_Electric=Service Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansaldo_Energia=Ansaldo Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-800-GOT-JUNK%3F=1-800-GOT-JUNK?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_Press=Renegade Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Board=Railway Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_Diesel_Division=General Motors Diesel Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Arab_Shipping_Company=United Arab Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleischmann_(model_railroads)=Fleischmann (model railroads)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Oil_Sands=Canadian Oil Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKB_Mainichi_Broadcasting=RKB Mainichi Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seylan_Bank=Seylan Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Deutschland=Sky Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Young_Greens=Global Young Greens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CODA_(company)=CODA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Post=Swiss Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_(electronics_company)=Trust (electronics company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_(American_automobile)=Queen (American automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartercar=Cartercar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Bravo_Cantina=Rio Bravo Cantina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Fresh_Market=Acme Fresh Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_of_the_Dog_Brewing_Company=Hair of the Dog Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Development_International=Motor Development International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teletype_Corporation=Teletype Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberweis_Dairy=Oberweis Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Editora=Conrad Editora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Briggle_Pottery=Van Briggle Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_&_Robertson=Angus & Robertson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_(Hypermarket)=Central (Hypermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypo_Group_Alpe_Adria=Hypo Group Alpe Adria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_H._Block_Co.=William H. Block Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinon_Industries=Chinon Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marketocracy=Marketocracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A1_Telekom_Austria=A1 Telekom Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subtv_(UK)=Subtv (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specialmoves=Specialmoves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seasons_52=Seasons 52
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tefal=Tefal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewable_Energy_Corporation=Renewable Energy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TT-Line_Company=TT-Line Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PLATIT=PLATIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OC_Oerlikon=OC Oerlikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce_Angel=Fierce Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herley_Industries=Herley Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IWireless=IWireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Penn=Colonial Penn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regeneron=Regeneron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echelon_Corporation=Echelon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirrenia_Compagnia_Italiana_di_Navigazione=Tirrenia Compagnia Italiana di Navigazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisch's=Frisch's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_(department_store)=Fields (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katz_Group_of_Companies=Katz Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_Games=Transmission Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaufland=Kaufland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praktiker=Praktiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokia_Networks=Nokia Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Arms=North American Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entel_(Chile)=Entel (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohto_Pharmaceutical_Co.=Rohto Pharmaceutical Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly_(supermarket_chain)=Piccadilly (supermarket chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Equity_Partners=Phoenix Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Students_of_Georgetown,_Inc.=Students of Georgetown, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Mara=Max Mara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John_(clothing)=St. John (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry's_Cafe_de_Wheels=Harry's Cafe de Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Films=Harvey Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyosho=Kyosho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Community_Partners=Enterprise Community Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinetic_Engineering_Limited=Kinetic Engineering Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conyers_Dill_&_Pearman=Conyers Dill & Pearman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAM_Nuttall=BAM Nuttall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamperla=Zamperla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hour_Fitness=24 Hour Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Toy=Irwin Toy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coey-Mitchell_Automobile_Company=Coey-Mitchell Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognet_de_Seynes=Cognet de Seynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckmobile=Buckmobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Cement=Titan Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penalty_(sports_manufacturer)=Penalty (sports manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COWI_A/S=COWI A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiRF=SiRF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capybara_Games=Capybara Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dovzhenko_Film_Studios=Dovzhenko Film Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_Restaurants,_Inc.=Mexican Restaurants, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Charter_Initiative=Earth Charter Initiative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recordland=Recordland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KC_(internet_service_provider)=KC (internet service provider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenzabar=Jenzabar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABM_Industries=ABM Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeburger_Cheeburger=Cheeburger Cheeburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webhelp=Webhelp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatch_Ltd=Hatch Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_Events=ESPN Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITV_Studios=ITV Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tishman_Realty_&_Construction=Tishman Realty & Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Technology_Partners=Cambridge Technology Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Lock=Master Lock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Cents_Only_Stores=99 Cents Only Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluke_Corporation=Fluke Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Ledet_&_Associates=Sterling Ledet & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruder_Finn=Ruder Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.ON_UK=E.ON UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amnesty_International_USA=Amnesty International USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Motor_Car=Moon Motor Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pos_Malaysia=Pos Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaconda_Copper=Anaconda Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altri=Altri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landis+Gyr=Landis+Gyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxwell_Technologies=Maxwell Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KrioRus=KrioRus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_Opticians=Boots Opticians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawdog_Studios=Strawdog Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_Education_Network=Utah Education Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Men_and_a_Truck=Two Men and a Truck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbol_Technologies=Symbol Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeatGuru=SeatGuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEVA,_Inc.=CEVA, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poundland=Poundland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keen_(shoe_company)=Keen (shoe company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPI_Direct_Savings_Bank=BPI Direct Savings Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Research=Basic Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Fighting_Alliance=World Fighting Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dairy_Farmers=Dairy Farmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Foods=National Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izze_Beverage_Company=Izze Beverage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Technology_Research_Institute=Industrial Technology Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B._Altman_and_Company=B. Altman and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Limobike=Virgin Limobike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phytopharm=Phytopharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Vision_(company)=Double Vision (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Vocento=Grupo Vocento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incentive_Software=Incentive Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarong=Aarong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Family_Restaurants=Kings Family Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baymont_Inn_&_Suites=Baymont Inn & Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFACEC=EFACEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transneft=Transneft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McArthurGlen_Group=McArthurGlen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giaconda_(pharmaceutical_company)=Giaconda (pharmaceutical company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Traffic=Shadow Traffic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energoatom=Energoatom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapex_Drums=Mapex Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArcelorMittal=ArcelorMittal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burley-Sekem=Burley-Sekem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorna_Sports=Dorna Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Hydro=Pacific Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PorchLight_Entertainment=PorchLight Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microtel=Microtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Wireless=Sierra Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brantano_Footwear=Brantano Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Rentals=United Rentals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POW-R=POW-R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMG_Academy=IMG Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixon_(company)=Nixon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Flugsicherung=Deutsche Flugsicherung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan_Temir_Zholy=Kazakhstan Temir Zholy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Atlantic=Sierra Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easynet=Easynet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Animation=Marvel Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Aircraft_Corporation=Howard Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Bars=Capital Bars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentland_Group=Pentland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Door=Cook Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcutta_Tramways_Company=Calcutta Tramways Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitro=Vitro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Portugal=Vodafone Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Underground_Film_Festival=Boston Underground Film Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bali_(lingerie)=Bali (lingerie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taisho_Pharmaceutical_Co.=Taisho Pharmaceutical Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Interactive=CBS Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEO_Group_Australia=GEO Group Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernalis_plc=Vernalis plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_Railways=Croatian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RotoSound=RotoSound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRU_Holdings=MRU Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_Lunas_Tequila=Dos Lunas Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Past_Music=Sonic Past Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copachisa=Copachisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Securities_Exchange=International Securities Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Canada=Boeing Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So-net=So-net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverstein_Properties=Silverstein Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Cinemas=Village Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartered_Institute_of_Public_Relations=Chartered Institute of Public Relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortein=Mortein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IONA_Technologies=IONA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntelliScanner_Corporation=IntelliScanner Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerraCycle=TerraCycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Denki=Best Denki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarnoff_Corporation=Sarnoff Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_DMD=Delta DMD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Pictures_Home_Entertainment=Universal Pictures Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendary_Pictures=Legendary Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCN_Corporation=RCN Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Music_Corporation=U.S. Music Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lund_Food_Holdings=Lund Food Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faller=Faller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gluster=Gluster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_HARCA=Poplar HARCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISCAR_Metalworking=ISCAR Metalworking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AskMeNow=AskMeNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Glass=Cambridge Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemballa=Gemballa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Shores_Video=Ocean Shores Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Company=Avery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Liberty_Foods=West Liberty Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohn_&_Wolfe=Cohn & Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capriotti's=Capriotti's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Piper_Pizza=Peter Piper Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungwoo_Automotive=Sungwoo Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadian_Ambulance=Acadian Ambulance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria_Film=Bavaria Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwik_Trip=Kwik Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@Home_Network=@Home Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herrawi_Group=Herrawi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOVA_Greece=NOVA Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrtelecom=Ukrtelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_&_Wallace=Forbes & Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Board=New Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missoni=Missoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comindico=Comindico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon_Features=Full Moon Features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOVA_Cyprus=NOVA Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athina_Sat=Athina Sat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martini_&_Rossi=Martini & Rossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Yellow_Group=Big Yellow Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_Karate_Association=Professional Karate Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Network_News=Mission Network News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Atomics_Aeronautical_Systems=General Atomics Aeronautical Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarocash=Tarocash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feral_Brewing_Company=Feral Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosoniq=Prosoniq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindtree=Mindtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolly_Cobbold=Tolly Cobbold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Fox_Television=20th Century Fox Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Purple_(lubricant_manufacturer)=Royal Purple (lubricant manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Energy=Solid Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herpa=Herpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaBranche_&_Co=LaBranche & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benelli_(firearms)=Benelli (firearms)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qimonda=Qimonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnbull_&_Asser=Turnbull & Asser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umniah=Umniah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Telecom=Jordan Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Telecom_Group=Jordan Telecom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Railway_Information_Systems=Centre for Railway Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnterpriseDB=EnterpriseDB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Research_&_Development_2=Nintendo Research & Development 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_Group=SF Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toonami_Jetstream=Toonami Jetstream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Shield_of_California=Blue Shield of California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Cineplex=Major Cineplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claranet=Claranet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumison=Lumison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totem_Acoustic=Totem Acoustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodge_(company)=Lodge (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWE_npower=RWE npower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrika_automobila_Priboj=Fabrika automobila Priboj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paizo_Publishing=Paizo Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebjesa_brewery=Trebjesa brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowserve=Flowserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SemGroup=SemGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Line_Tack=State Line Tack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hal_Film_Maker=Hal Film Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quidi_Vidi_Brewing_Company=Quidi Vidi Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Computers=Tiny Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globaloria=Globaloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Alexander's=J. Alexander's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Web_Technologies=Deep Web Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Silvio_Santos=Grupo Silvio Santos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecnomatix=Tecnomatix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_del_Mar=Taco del Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_&_Webster=Stone & Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_(motorcycle)=Cotton (motorcycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Online=UK Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verint_Systems=Verint Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvan_Learning=Sylvan Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Heerbrugg=Wild Heerbrugg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Lee_Media=Stan Lee Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViaSat=ViaSat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Langdon=Davis Langdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathmandu_(company)=Kathmandu (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOS_(Portuguese_media_company)=NOS (Portuguese media company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interprovincial_Lottery_Corporation=Interprovincial Lottery Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthscope=Healthscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3801_Limited=3801 Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Railcar=Colorado Railcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KID=KID
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Libraries=WWE Libraries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimm-Bill-Dann_Foods=Wimm-Bill-Dann Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCE_London_Studio=SCE London Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Moon_Studios=Planet Moon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chincul=Chincul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raindirk_Audio=Raindirk Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barilla_Group=Barilla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estwing=Estwing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquitex=Liquitex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopzilla=Shopzilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actavis=Actavis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saab_Sensis_Corporation=Saab Sensis Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Rover_Productions=Wild Rover Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MXR=MXR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfaff=Pfaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_(company)=Danger (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/URAC=URAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Wollensky=Smith & Wollensky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Street_Press=Alexander Street Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Experience_Days=Virgin Experience Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timberyard_Records=Timberyard Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Balloon_Flights=Virgin Balloon Flights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Limousines=Virgin Limousines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robi=Robi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsay_Manufacturing=Lindsay Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttrey_Food_&_Drug=Buttrey Food & Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumiez=Zumiez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teledata_Networks=Teledata Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Optiarc=Sony Optiarc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamestation=Gamestation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AiT/Planet_Lar=AiT/Planet Lar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Nutrition_Canada=Ocean Nutrition Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMM_Grammy=GMM Grammy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiel_Detective_Service_Company=Thiel Detective Service Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Paediatric_Society=Canadian Paediatric Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milliken_&_Company=Milliken & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley's_Family_Markets=Ridley's Family Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinshokan=Shinshokan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbarian_Group=The Barbarian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildlife_Trust_of_India=Wildlife Trust of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Licken_(restaurant)=Chicken Licken (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BEC-TERO=BEC-TERO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kookaburra_Sport=Kookaburra Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microtek=Microtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Electronics=Future Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVL_(engineering_company)=AVL (engineering company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI-LO_(United_States)=BI-LO (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BI-LO_(Australia)=BI-LO (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenDNS=OpenDNS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jellyvision=Jellyvision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Run_Inn=Home Run Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Tribologists_and_Lubrication_Engineers=Society of Tribologists and Lubrication Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaishaku_(manga_group)=Kaishaku (manga group)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behr_(paint)=Behr (paint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemann_Foods=Niemann Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BETDAQ=BETDAQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLO_International=FLO International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLO-Cert=FLO-Cert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterley_Company=Butterley Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomistix=Atomistix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Setouchi=TV Setouchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Emerging_Technology_Fund=Texas Emerging Technology Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieden+Kennedy=Wieden+Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FCB_(advertising_agency)=FCB (advertising agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richards_Group=The Richards Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TM_Advertising=TM Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Worldwide=Arnold Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_&_Erma's=Max & Erma's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyldendal=Gyldendal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeaverTails=BeaverTails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Libby_Lu=Club Libby Lu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyro_Spectaculars=Pyro Spectaculars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midas_(automotive_service)=Midas (automotive service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talk_'N_Text=Talk 'N Text
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummel_International=Hummel International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluespec,_Inc.=Bluespec, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OrangeHRM=OrangeHRM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indra_Sistemas=Indra Sistemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolt_Online_Gaming=Jolt Online Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_National_Exhibitions_Company=Abu Dhabi National Exhibitions Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RLI_Corp.=RLI Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boone_Drug=Boone Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LateRooms.com=LateRooms.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Power_Systems=Rolls-Royce Power Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilander_Foods=Hilander Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/07th_Expansion=07th Expansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acumen_(organization)=Acumen (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secure_Network=Secure Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Commercial_Bank=National Commercial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_National_Bank=Valley National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Trade_USA=Fair Trade USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_Healthcare_(United_Kingdom)=Southern Cross Healthcare (United Kingdom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husky_Injection_Molding_Systems=Husky Injection Molding Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modiran_Vehicle_Manufacturing_Company=Modiran Vehicle Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inmarsat=Inmarsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTDEC=NTDEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NACCO_Industries=NACCO Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joma=Joma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UBid=UBid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paxton_Media_Group=Paxton Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solel=Solel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Power_(networks_corporation)=Western Power (networks corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhema_Media=Rhema Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payless_Car_Rental=Payless Car Rental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Inc.=Ann Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMTEC=EMTEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Bridge_&_Iron_Company=Chicago Bridge & Iron Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijou_Video=Bijou Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurley_Precision_Instruments=Gurley Precision Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfinckel's=Garfinckel's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VTR_(telecom_company)=VTR (telecom company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Technology=World Wide Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avera_Health=Avera Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryanston_Distributing_Company=Bryanston Distributing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galp_Energia=Galp Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Pharmaceuticals=Square Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_CTI=Mind CTI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_Company=Harmony Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_Malaysia_Holdings=Astro Malaysia Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Coast_Brewing_Company=North Coast Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chow_Tai_Fook_Enterprises=Chow Tai Fook Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KHS_Bicycles=KHS Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euromoney_Institutional_Investor=Euromoney Institutional Investor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Play_Systems=Rainbow Play Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent_(Westside)=Trent (Westside)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KCC_Malls=KCC Malls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intact_Media_Group=Intact Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay,_Baroda_and_Central_India_Railway=Bombay, Baroda and Central India Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportsgirl=Sportsgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirma=Nirma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banglalink=Banglalink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Vance=Eaton Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gepa_The_Fair_Trade_Company=Gepa The Fair Trade Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleTalk=TeleTalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cramer-Krasselt=Cramer-Krasselt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Holliday=Hill Holliday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullen_Advertising=Mullen Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appear=Appear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siti_Cable=Siti Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avcon=Avcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousins_Subs=Cousins Subs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Fertilizers=National Fertilizers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Satellite_Communications_Organization=Arab Satellite Communications Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Electronics_Industries=Iran Electronics Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bic_(company)=Bic (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Yeoman=Foster Yeoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulstein_Group=Ulstein Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribal_DDB_London=Tribal DDB London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advertising_Self-Regulatory_Council=Advertising Self-Regulatory Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Group=Central Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Department_Store=Central Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Sound_Transportation_Company=Owen Sound Transportation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Real_Estate_Network=Christian Real Estate Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant_Brands=Restaurant Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Navigator=Financial Navigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TuVox=TuVox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondia=Mondia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedera_Networks=Speedera Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Yule_and_Company=Andrew Yule and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navios_Maritime_Holdings=Navios Maritime Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivensa=Sivensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerosonde_Ltd=Aerosonde Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellier_&_Bellot=Sellier & Bellot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaartha=Vaartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_Publishing=Imagine Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brionvega=Brionvega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Trade_Promotion_Organization=India Trade Promotion Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercadona=Mercadona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCormick_&_Schmick's=McCormick & Schmick's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecotricity=Ecotricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Interactive=Fox Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwave_Solutions=Airwave Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo-Ann_Stores=Jo-Ann Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohia_Machinery_Limited=Lohia Machinery Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tellme_Networks=Tellme Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Kaiji_Kyokai=Nippon Kaiji Kyokai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_Corporation=Hobart Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Kum_Kee=Lee Kum Kee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloch_Brothers_Tobacco_Company=Bloch Brothers Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortify_Software=Fortify Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Biocare=Nobel Biocare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Broadcasting=USA Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Powertrain_Torino=GM Powertrain Torino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberflix=Cyberflix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSW,_Inc.=DSW, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retail_Ventures=Retail Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anritsu=Anritsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamonts=Lamonts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentsu_Aegis_Network=Dentsu Aegis Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSTV=JSTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beams=Beams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_(company)=Wild (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Mobile_Macedonia=T-Mobile Macedonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmofon=Cosmofon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bully_Hill_Vineyards=Bully Hill Vineyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenus=Agenus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overland_Storage=Overland Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infamous_Adventures=Infamous Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HNTB=HNTB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Coal_Corporation=Korea Coal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beenz.com=Beenz.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metz_(company)=Metz (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Games=Monster Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusit_Thani_Group=Dusit Thani Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Motor_Car_Company=American Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haemimont_Games=Haemimont Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Pictures=S Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NinjaBee=NinjaBee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impath=Impath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTI_Home_Video=MTI Home Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syn_Sophia=Syn Sophia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetBank=NetBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Typhoon=Gold Typhoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C1R=C1R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_Films=Vertigo Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Soft=Candy Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Era_Tickets=New Era Tickets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSC_Industrial_Direct=MSC Industrial Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tastee_Fried_Chicken=Tastee Fried Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilva=Quicksilva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowes_Menswear=Lowes Menswear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_18-30=Club 18-30
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W_Holding_Company=W Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europapress_Holding=Europapress Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyle_&_Scott=Lyle & Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DANCOM=DANCOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chunsoft=Chunsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teo_LT=Teo LT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_Reed=Production Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safra_Group=Safra Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Rides=Premier Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmet_Automotive=Valmet Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STX_Europe=STX Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takumi_Corporation=Takumi Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norms_Restaurants=Norms Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_Holidays=Haven Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_One_(company)=Phase One (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odebrecht=Odebrecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellfleet_Communications=Wellfleet Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Dog_Brewing_Company=Sea Dog Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casco_Bay_Brewing_Co.=Casco Bay Brewing Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Saint_George=Bank of Saint George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedanta_Resources=Vedanta Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Resorts=Park Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaupload=Megaupload
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritz_Camera_Centers=Ritz Camera Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_World=Camera World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperion_Pictures=Hyperion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuffa=Zuffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austal_USA=Austal USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman's=Chapman's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transports_publics_Fribourgeois=Transports publics Fribourgeois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Card=Lotte Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoprite_(Isle_of_Man)=Shoprite (Isle of Man)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Vantage=Paramount Vantage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyatta=Vyatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punch_Entertainment=Punch Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolates_El_Rey=Chocolates El Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_LePage=Royal LePage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_About_Fruit_Company=Wild About Fruit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottman_Transmission_and_Total_Auto_Care=Cottman Transmission and Total Auto Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_X_Limited=Planet X Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_Hotels=Serena Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amir_Adnan=Amir Adnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Fire_&_Marine_Insurance=Samsung Fire & Marine Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synergy_Group=Synergy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Investment_Partners=Oak Investment Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_Drilling=Trinidad Drilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crain_Communications=Crain Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker's_Drive-Thru=Baker's Drive-Thru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaikai_Kiki=Kaikai Kiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wet_Seal=Wet Seal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maldives_Industrial_Fisheries_Company=Maldives Industrial Fisheries Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtyard_by_Marriott=Courtyard by Marriott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TDG_Limited=TDG Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlson_Rezidor_Hotel_Group=Carlson Rezidor Hotel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfetti_Van_Melle=Perfetti Van Melle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambie-Nairn=Lambie-Nairn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Line_Synthetic_Oil_Corporation=Red Line Synthetic Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harwood_International=Harwood International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macpac_Outdoors=Macpac Outdoors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Contractors_Company=Consolidated Contractors Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Generation_Pictures=New Generation Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staybridge_Suites=Staybridge Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edipresse=Edipresse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selver=Selver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Reach_Shipbuilders_&_Engineers=Garden Reach Shipbuilders & Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOUD_Technologies=LOUD Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zions_Securities=Zions Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_from_Hunger=Freedom from Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Square_Hospitality=Temple Square Hospitality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Financial_Media=Lincoln Financial Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wincor_Nixdorf=Wincor Nixdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Scholar=Road Scholar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demag=Demag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaker_Mill_Company=Quaker Mill Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Health_System=Henry Ford Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallah_Al-Baraka=Dallah Al-Baraka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucyrus-Erie=Bucyrus-Erie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sausage_Software=Sausage Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kershaw_Knives=Kershaw Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionsgate_Films=Lionsgate Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalworks_Studios=Metalworks Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_Group=CJ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KT_Kumho_Rent_A_Car=KT Kumho Rent A Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farm_Fresh_Food_&_Pharmacy=Farm Fresh Food & Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patagonik_Film_Group=Patagonik Film Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder-Beerman=Elder-Beerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrent_Pharmaceuticals=Torrent Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Plastic_Model=Academy Plastic Model
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_Top_Bakeries=Tip Top Bakeries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClubJenna=ClubJenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acne_Studios=Acne Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erbert_&_Gerbert's=Erbert & Gerbert's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Semiconductor=Jazz Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klais_Orgelbau=Klais Orgelbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_Productions=Icon Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanfoglio=Tanfoglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mora_(music_store)=Mora (music store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Railways_Corporation=Kenya Railways Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuy's=Chuy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_(supermarket)=Mars (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanglewood_Guitars=Tanglewood Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Srbija=Telekom Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Australia=Shell Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaskEnergy=SaskEnergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rift_Valley_Railways_Consortium=Rift Valley Railways Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_Ink_Corporation=E Ink Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acerinox=Acerinox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Fab=X-Fab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mater_Health_Services=Mater Health Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_and_Reynolds=Reynolds and Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claypool_Comics=Claypool Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_ACS=Grupo ACS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack's=Jack's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marzotto=Marzotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Beverage=Monster Beverage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SGL_Carbon=SGL Carbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilli_Ann=Lilli Ann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagi_Animation_Studios=Imagi Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armor_Holdings=Armor Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avantis=Avantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka_Telecom=Sri Lanka Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_DataCo=Football DataCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Yogurt=Colombo Yogurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCD_Productions=MCD Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahirih_Justice_Center=Tahirih Justice Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insite=Insite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harte_Hanks=Harte Hanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Arms=Swiss Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABF_Freight_System=ABF Freight System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauer_&_Sohn=Sauer & Sohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson_Enterprises=Ferguson Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villeroy_&_Boch=Villeroy & Boch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambrex_Corporation=Cambrex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearaudio_Electronic=Clearaudio Electronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connacher_Oil_and_Gas=Connacher Oil and Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rega_Research=Rega Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Corporation=Quest Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envision_EMI=Envision EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanosolar=Nanosolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B+H_Architects=B+H Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tvtv_Services=Tvtv Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindex=Lindex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceylinco_Consolidated=Ceylinco Consolidated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodart=Brodart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEM_Group=UEM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIB_Group,_Inc.=MIB Group, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eegee's=Eegee's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruhon=Maruhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Extreme_Cagefighting=World Extreme Cagefighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terralink_International=Terralink International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barking_Lizards_Technologies=Barking Lizards Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilly_Broadcasting=Lilly Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrale=Agrale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Cars=Micro Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Colmotores=GM Colmotores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Tree_Shops=Christmas Tree Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARM_Norway=ARM Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._H._Morgan_Manufacturing=D. H. Morgan Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_Morgan=Chance Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_Rides=Chance Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamix=Bamix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergent_BioSolutions=Emergent BioSolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endo_International=Endo International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_Natural=Gas Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News-Press_&_Gazette_Company=News-Press & Gazette Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memphis_Cotton_Exchange=Memphis Cotton Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groove_Games=Groove Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimus_Clix=Optimus Clix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_(company)=Move (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaelco=Gaelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoppers_Stop=Shoppers Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonald's_Canada=McDonald's Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodworld=Foodworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_Zoom!_Entertainment=Bang Zoom! Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazkommertsbank=Kazkommertsbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XYZnetworks=XYZnetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazpost=Kazpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexx=Mexx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&W_(Canada)=A&W (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchu_Wok=Manchu Wok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl-Continental_Hotels_&_Resorts=Pearl-Continental Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadia_Group=Wadia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BankAtlantic=BankAtlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexair=Rexair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMHBA_Limited=GMHBA Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caparison_Guitars=Caparison Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastiff_(company)=Mastiff (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBL_&_Associates_Properties=CBL & Associates Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodmans_Industries=Goodmans Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Inc.=Hercules Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRD_Limited=GRD Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schreiber_Foods=Schreiber Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kelly_Springfield_Tire_Company=The Kelly Springfield Tire Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fostex=Fostex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeStyleGames=FreeStyleGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan_Brandy_Company=Yerevan Brandy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinkara_Motors=Chinkara Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Automobiles_Limited=Premier Automobiles Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diar=Diar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahman_Group=Bahman Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rearwin_Airplanes_Inc.=Rearwin Airplanes Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verdin_Company=The Verdin Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Skyride=New York Skyride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniplex=Aniplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCM_(cycle)=CCM (cycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ST_Kinetics=ST Kinetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ki_Database=Ki Database
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrights_Pies=Wrights Pies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimi_Baltic=Rimi Baltic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahamongkol_Film_International=Sahamongkol Film International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerated_Bread_Company=Aerated Bread Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Snow,_Inc=John Snow, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Worldwide=Wyndham Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_of_Clinical_Thyroidologists=Academy of Clinical Thyroidologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hersam_Acorn_Newspapers=Hersam Acorn Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newegg=Newegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogtlandbahn=Vogtlandbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitotsubashi_Group=Hitotsubashi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington_Asset_Investment=Arlington Asset Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintiles=Quintiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenyo=Tenyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patagonia_(clothing)=Patagonia (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Wave_Software=Rogue Wave Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trippy=Trippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BW_Group=BW Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Horse_Bicycles=Iron Horse Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazelle_(bicycle)=Gazelle (bicycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irene_Marie_Models=Irene Marie Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amcol_International_Corporation=Amcol International Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stein_Mart=Stein Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Aircraft_Industries=Symphony Aircraft Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_Cruises=Matilda Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostmecklenburgische_Flugzeugbau=Ostmecklenburgische Flugzeugbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotheby's_International_Realty=Sotheby's International Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poya_Pictures=Poya Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_State_Life_Insurance_Company=Garden State Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idexx_Laboratories=Idexx Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whidbey_Telecom=Whidbey Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Bay_Foundation=Chesapeake Bay Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leader_Dogs_for_the_Blind=Leader Dogs for the Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JTEKT=JTEKT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairchild_Fashion_Media=Fairchild Fashion Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ability_Plus_Software=Ability Plus Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airgas=Airgas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/454_Life_Sciences=454 Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyntech=Cyntech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal-Beloit=Regal-Beloit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Booking_Offices_of_America=Film Booking Offices of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genencor=Genencor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapiti_Fine_Foods=Kapiti Fine Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costas_Kondylis=Costas Kondylis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrade_Gutierrez=Andrade Gutierrez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Group_Limited=Colorado Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strandfaraskip_Landsins=Strandfaraskip Landsins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Hinds=F. Hinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokidoki=Tokidoki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Heavy_Industries_Rolling_Stock_Company=Kawasaki Heavy Industries Rolling Stock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vickers_Limited=Vickers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Tigre_Clothing=Le Tigre Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariel_Motorcycles=Ariel Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Oil=Lion Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundaberg_Brewed_Drinks=Bundaberg Brewed Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritchie_Bros._Auctioneers=Ritchie Bros. Auctioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail2web=Mail2web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothaus=Rothaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerbe_(lingerie)=Gerbe (lingerie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourne_Leisure=Bourne Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpringHill_Suites=SpringHill Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bechtle=Bechtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frette=Frette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tod's=Tod's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Protection_Inc=Force Protection Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voom_HD_Networks=Voom HD Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Path_International=Clear Path International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AECOM=AECOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidrobot=Kidrobot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priceline_(Australia)=Priceline (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cases_Computer_Simulations=Cases Computer Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghanistan_International_Bank=Afghanistan International Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Gallery=Ace Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantha_Biotechnics=Shantha Biotechnics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iconix_Brand_Group=Iconix Brand Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Brand_Equity_Foundation=India Brand Equity Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczecin_Shipyard=Szczecin Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspect_Co.=Aspect Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Highway_Users_Alliance=American Highway Users Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikro-Gen=Mikro-Gen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartfren=Smartfren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenic_America=Scenic America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realtime_Associates=Realtime Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrovagonmash=Metrovagonmash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Silversmiths_Inc.=Wallace Silversmiths Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_New_England=Air New England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_iT=Open iT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humongous_Entertainment=Humongous Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSX_Energy=RSX Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfield_Dairy=Mayfield Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insider_Pages=Insider Pages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEG_Industries=WEG Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord_Music_Group=Concord Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Physicians_Service=Wisconsin Physicians Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyldendal_Norsk_Forlag=Gyldendal Norsk Forlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CN_Group=CN Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FCC_Environment=FCC Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biffa=Biffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altron=Altron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transnational_Corporation_of_Nigeria=Transnational Corporation of Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Nacional=Banco Nacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tocquigny=Tocquigny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmill_(company)=Windmill (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Coal_Company=United Coal Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FactSet=FactSet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telelogic=Telelogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continente_(Supermarket)=Continente (Supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actv=Actv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Computing=Crystal Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Auto=Princess Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stedmans_V&S=Stedmans V&S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvelous_Entertainment=Marvelous Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupa_Lotos=Grupa Lotos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streamline_Studios=Streamline Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SouthPeak_Games=SouthPeak Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevie_Awards=Stevie Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligentsia_Coffee_&_Tea=Intelligentsia Coffee & Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alteon_WebSystems=Alteon WebSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitTorrent_(company)=BitTorrent (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taproot_Foundation=Taproot Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCS_Midstream_Services=CCS Midstream Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curves_International=Curves International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egmont_Group=Egmont Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autopistas_de_Puerto_Rico=Autopistas de Puerto Rico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atisreal=Atisreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fineos=Fineos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beko=Beko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neopost=Neopost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorucci=Fiorucci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampol=Ampol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Company_Ohio=May Company Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ping_(golf)=Ping (golf)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amer_Sports=Amer Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal+_Group=Canal+ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazy_Acres_Market=Lazy Acres Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoothie_King=Smoothie King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TE_Connectivity=TE Connectivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebAIM=WebAIM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhillyCarShare=PhillyCarShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Racing_Corporation=Honda Racing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sector3_Studios=Sector3 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrible_Herbst=Terrible Herbst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hahn_Company=The Hahn Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiverse_Network=Multiverse Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgacom_Skynet=Belgacom Skynet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EirGrid=EirGrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Construction_Machinery_(Europe)=Hitachi Construction Machinery (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kompas_Gramedia_Group=Kompas Gramedia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Farmers_Fertiliser_Cooperative=Indian Farmers Fertiliser Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Radio_and_Television_Network=Arab Radio and Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budweiser_Budvar_Brewery=Budweiser Budvar Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayer_MaterialScience=Bayer MaterialScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaFrance=SeaFrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steorn=Steorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macerich=Macerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twyford_Bathrooms=Twyford Bathrooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud_Communications=Freud Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorntons=Thorntons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Models_Limited=Dragon Models Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Vere_Group=De Vere Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrara_Fire_Apparatus=Ferrara Fire Apparatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyata=Miyata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umarex=Umarex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkins_(company)=Atkins (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Faisaliah_Group=Al Faisaliah Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._A._Turki_Group=A. A. Turki Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Nippon_Expressway_Company=East Nippon Expressway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_(company)=Reed (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastbay=Eastbay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_Brothers_Co.=Halle Brothers Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSM_International=RSM International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Worldwide_Partnership=Design Worldwide Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callaway_Cars=Callaway Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crescent_(department_store)=The Crescent (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOM'S=TOM'S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imerys=Imerys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPFL_Energia=CPFL Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morcom_International,_Inc.=Morcom International, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Williamson=Smith & Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_Press_Service=Sahara Press Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikma_Pharmaceuticals=Hikma Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LECG_Corporation=LECG Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diatto=Diatto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rasmussen_Reports=Rasmussen Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dart_Container=Dart Container
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Nusantara_Citra=Media Nusantara Citra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEG_Micon=NEG Micon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetzel's_Pretzels=Wetzel's Pretzels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley's_Grilled_Subs=Charley's Grilled Subs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_Car_Company=Colt Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerini=Jerini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Germany=Ford Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lend_Lease_Residential_Development=Lend Lease Residential Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terria_(consortium)=Terria (consortium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novation_Companies=Novation Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nettbuss=Nettbuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavia_(company)=Cavia (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viagogo=Viagogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AliceSoft=AliceSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonian_Steam_Packet_Company=Caledonian Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevron_Phillips_Chemical=Chevron Phillips Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_Club_of_New_York_City=Yale Club of New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Gas_&_Electric=San Diego Gas & Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gluskin_Sheff=Gluskin Sheff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbana_(company)=Turbana (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy's=Sandy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Money_UK=Virgin Money UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victaulic=Victaulic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WM-data=WM-data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Grant=Foster Grant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hy-Gain=Hy-Gain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_Broadcasting_Corporation=Ghana Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingerhut=Fingerhut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Stena_Line=P&O Stena Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphisoft=Graphisoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Railway_Equipment_Company=National Railway Equipment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aveeno=Aveeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Y._Lin_International=T. Y. Lin International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Laboratories=Lancaster Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPEX_(corporation)=OPEX (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_(company)=Head (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Sports_and_Tourism_Authority=Arizona Sports and Tourism Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunc=Nunc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetra_(company)=Tetra (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargaming_Chicago-Baltimore=Wargaming Chicago-Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyberSource=CyberSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italeri=Italeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCI=ESCI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litespeed=Litespeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giganews=Giganews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DressBarn=DressBarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droog_(company)=Droog (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Games=Intelligent Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cory_Environmental=Cory Environmental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Group=Tao Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirt_Devil=Dirt Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travancore_Titanium_Products=Travancore Titanium Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPS_Finance=MPS Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISOFT=ISOFT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cygnus_Business_Media=Cygnus Business Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_Design_System=Data Design System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voere=Voere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkinson_Film-Arts=Atkinson Film-Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDA-Opel=IDA-Opel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interactive_Support_Group=Interactive Support Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_World_(store)=Circus World (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_&_Bonner=Haines & Bonner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_Brewery=Courage Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simonds_Brewery=Simonds Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WellCare=WellCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meopta=Meopta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeo,_Inc.=Zeo, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image-Line=Image-Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemist_(company)=Alchemist (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpa=Scorpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medrad_Inc.=Medrad Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudgie's=Pudgie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_(automobile)=Mercer (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sher-Wood=Sher-Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Inc.=Time Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calfrac_Well_Services=Calfrac Well Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumias_Sugar_Company_Limited=Mumias Sugar Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerraTec=TerraTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomotive_Games=Locomotive Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_York_(company)=Zoo York (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostromo_Defensa=Nostromo Defensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Students'_Educational_and_Cultural_Movement_of_Ladakh=Students' Educational and Cultural Movement of Ladakh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milestones_Grill_and_Bar=Milestones Grill and Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Air=Viking Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisra=Elisra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Records_(Philippines)=Viva Records (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Industries=Hunter Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Guangdong_Voice_of_the_City=Radio Guangdong Voice of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black-eyed_Pea_(restaurant)=Black-eyed Pea (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelman_Ltd.=Kelman Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haas_Automation=Haas Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USBands=USBands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Plankton_Pictures=United Plankton Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paon=Paon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurtigruten_ASA=Hurtigruten ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSM_Tenon=RSM Tenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithfield_Foods=Smithfield Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKF_International=PKF International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecnam=Tecnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithgows=Lithgows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESys_Technologies=ESys Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sera_(company)=Sera (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warid_Pakistan=Warid Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Staff=Wilson Staff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Broadcasting_System=Maritime Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patons_and_Baldwins=Patons and Baldwins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellworths=Wellworths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettle_Restaurants=Kettle Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globecast=Globecast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Slab_Creamery=Marble Slab Creamery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_State_Transport_Corporation=Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Express_Transport_Corporation_(Tamil_Nadu)=State Express Transport Corporation (Tamil Nadu)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Communications=Castle Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Financial_Group=Oriental Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fender_Custom_Shop=Fender Custom Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Reality=Edge of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questar_Corporation=Questar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGarryBowen=McGarryBowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu_Ten=Fujitsu Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rent-A-Center=Rent-A-Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneris_Solutions=Moneris Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Douglas=Hunter Douglas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TownePlace_Suites=TownePlace Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Tourism_Development_Corporation=Kerala Tourism Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpiralFrog=SpiralFrog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smyril_Line=Smyril Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCR_S.A.=CCR S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venan_Entertainment=Venan Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotwire.com=Hotwire.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Telescopes_&_Binoculars=Orion Telescopes & Binoculars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkins_Rides=Hopkins Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endemol_UK=Endemol UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner_Cable_Media_Sales=Time Warner Cable Media Sales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Energy_Devices_Corporation=Sony Energy Devices Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read's_Department_Stores=Read's Department Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurobank_a.d.=Eurobank a.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GigaMedia_Limited=GigaMedia Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Australia=Toyota Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organically_Grown_Company_(Oregon)=Organically Grown Company (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finta=Finta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_TV=BT TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifesteange_Metamorphose_temps_de_fille=Manifesteange Metamorphose temps de fille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VersaCold=VersaCold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H&Q_Asia_Pacific=H&Q Asia Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Aviation_Industries_Organization=Iran Aviation Industries Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrigger_Hotels_&_Resorts=Outrigger Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_of_Faith=Women of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Ambulance_Service=North West Ambulance Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_Films=Flower Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Shipbuilding_Company=Blyth Shipbuilding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Communications_Corp=NTT Communications Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeport_Brewing_Company=Lakeport Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polly_Peck=Polly Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Group_(marketing_agency)=Miller Group (marketing agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Bank_Srbija=Alpha Bank Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flooz.com=Flooz.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifteen_Melbourne=Fifteen Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Srpske=Telekom Srpske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amal_(carburettor)=Amal (carburettor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infogroup=Infogroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Entertainment=Viva Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NPM/CNP=NPM/CNP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VAUDE=VAUDE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holyman=Holyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary_Sanchez_Productions=Gary Sanchez Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Power=Georgia Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Storm=Media Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steak_Escape=Steak Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neotel=Neotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_International=Viacom International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NXP_Semiconductors=NXP Semiconductors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Boys_Games=Lost Boys Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FSP_Group=FSP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galpin_Auto_Sports=Galpin Auto Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyak-Renault=Oyak-Renault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openreach=Openreach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WildBrain=WildBrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalco_Holding_Company=Nalco Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxters=Baxters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoya_Corporation=Hoya Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetGo=GetGo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czech_Sport_Aircraft=Czech Sport Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goody's_(restaurant)=Goody's (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Utilities=Chesapeake Utilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rentech=Rentech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott-Baynes_Sailplanes=Abbott-Baynes Sailplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_3D=Club 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berthold_Type_Foundry=Berthold Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manjul_Publishing_House_Pvt._Ltd.=Manjul Publishing House Pvt. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GXS_Inc.=GXS Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moores=Moores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONO_(Spain)=ONO (Spain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faze_FM=Faze FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Star_Chili=Gold Star Chili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Holding=Douglas Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerwin-Vega=Cerwin-Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarion=Alvarion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SR_Telecom=SR Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerostich=Aerostich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_and_Concepts=Team and Concepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bexel=Bexel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loriciels=Loriciels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Film=A-Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac's_Restaurant_&_Deli=Isaac's Restaurant & Deli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionbridge=Lionbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Container_Store=The Container Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastamania=Pastamania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katy_Industries=Katy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HS_Produkt=HS Produkt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Resident_Matching_Service=Canadian Resident Matching Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Submarina=Submarina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Systique_Corporation=Hughes Systique Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucks_Music_Group=Bucks Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastgate_Systems=Eastgate Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Bijenkorf=De Bijenkorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almirall=Almirall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Craig,_Inc.=Jenny Craig, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoto=Anoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_Hoss_Cycles=Boss Hoss Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANCA_(company)=ANCA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooktree=Brooktree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCI_(company)=RCI (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabbri_Group=Fabbri Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HCC_Insurance_Holdings=HCC Insurance Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celadon_Group=Celadon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarion_(company)=Clarion (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinod_Chopra_Films=Vinod Chopra Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Grip_Barbell_Company=Iron Grip Barbell Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheLadders.com=TheLadders.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geetha_Arts=Geetha Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Tobacco_and_Liquor_Corporation=Taiwan Tobacco and Liquor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wienerwald_(restaurant)=Wienerwald (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbrol=Humbrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janssen_Biotech=Janssen Biotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrium=Arrium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Coking_Coal=Bharat Coking Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Space_Storage=Extra Space Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avondale_Landfill=Avondale Landfill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gill_&_Macmillan=Gill & Macmillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Adams=Moss Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairtrade_Canada=Fairtrade Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abiomed=Abiomed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moto_Morini=Moto Morini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMS_(pharmaceuticals)=EMS (pharmaceuticals)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolution_plc=Resolution plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adorama=Adorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamics_Research_Corporation=Dynamics Research Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ImaginEngine=ImaginEngine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikko_R/C=Nikko R/C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFDS_Seaways=DFDS Seaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magal_Security_Systems=Magal Security Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkkokauppa.com=Verkkokauppa.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viktor_&_Rolf=Viktor & Rolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Institute_for_Health_Information=Canadian Institute for Health Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooplands=Cooplands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Oriental=New Oriental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Storck=August Storck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibley's=Sibley's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCurdy's=McCurdy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kores_(company)=Kores (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YX_Energi=YX Energi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altair_Engineering=Altair Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FPX=FPX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_(bicycles)=Ross (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikhomirov_Scientific_Research_Institute_of_Instrument_Design=Tikhomirov Scientific Research Institute of Instrument Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wal_(bass)=Wal (bass)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapurna_Studios=Annapurna Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_Instant_Video=Amazon Instant Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Foods=Cala Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoet=Mammoet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avago_Technologies=Avago Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truphone=Truphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ittiam_Systems=Ittiam Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Fitness=Planet Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klocwork=Klocwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakluyt_&_Company=Hakluyt & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_(department_store)=Manor (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chedraui=Chedraui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom.com=Atom.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChickFight=ChickFight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Games=Atomic Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Diemen's_Land_Company=Van Diemen's Land Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_International_Foundation=Singapore International Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNI=VNI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_Ceramics=Wade Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KION_Group=KION Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAIET_Entertainment=MAIET Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Nova=Pizza Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichia=Nichia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceragon=Ceragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Broadband=Cambridge Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argon_ST=Argon ST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/38_Studios=38 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigon_Studios=Tigon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Change_of_Hobbit=The Other Change of Hobbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lantis_(company)=Lantis (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saga_Petroleum=Saga Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Chemicals=Tata Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Power_and_Light_Company=Kansas City Power and Light Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_Cargo_Rail=Euro Cargo Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Meal=Roman Meal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edifier=Edifier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_and_Company=Adam and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumon=Lumon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Informa=Informa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGV_Cinemas=TGV Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Laugh_Productions=It's a Laugh Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajshri_Productions=Rajshri Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Coffee_House=Indian Coffee House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Broadband=Sky Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_(wine_retailer)=Nicolas (wine retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Reality=Digital Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umpqua_Holdings_Corporation=Umpqua Holdings Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavor_Talent_Agency=Endeavor Talent Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastpak=Eastpak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Foy's=Mark Foy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_Fuel=Burger Fuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_International=Research International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybase_iAnywhere=Sybase iAnywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowblind_Studios=Snowblind Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramel_Box=Caramel Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieboldt's=Wieboldt's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norske_Skog_Union=Norske Skog Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norske_Skog_Parenco=Norske Skog Parenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cort_Guitars=Cort Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Sports=JD Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morini_(manufacturer)=Morini (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saxo_Bank=Saxo Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Gas=Washington Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosafe=Prosafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeseburger_in_Paradise_(restaurant)=Cheeseburger in Paradise (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roush_Performance=Roush Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suresh_Productions=Suresh Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baywind_Energy_Co-operative=Baywind Energy Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streetcar_(carsharing)=Streetcar (carsharing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_Payment_Systems=Heartland Payment Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhum_Barbancourt=Rhum Barbancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steyr_Sportwaffen_GmbH=Steyr Sportwaffen GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_Studios=Avalanche Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berluti=Berluti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conair_Corporation=Conair Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JEA=JEA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Technical_Ceramics=Morgan Technical Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_West_Midlands=Go West Midlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Advanced_Ceramics=Morgan Advanced Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Salt_Lake=EA Salt Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedicAlert=MedicAlert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Comics_(publishers)=Ace Comics (publishers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunbeam_Television=Sunbeam Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGG_Australia=UGG Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Electro_Ceramics=Morgan Electro Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strauss_(company)=Strauss (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medibank=Medibank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TW_Telecom=TW Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klotz_Digital=Klotz Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metroland_Media_Group=Metroland Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritzen_Corporation=Lauritzen Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasa_Line=Wasa Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Brothers=Gabriel Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makita=Makita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miu_Miu=Miu Miu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrandPa's=GrandPa's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conestoga_Wood_Specialties=Conestoga Wood Specialties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana_Tourism_Corporation_Limited=Haryana Tourism Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket_Hill_Brewery=Cricket Hill Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenard-Walcker=Chenard-Walcker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNO_ASA=DNO ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolt-Nielsen=Stolt-Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Harvest=Marine Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RC_Willey_Home_Furnishings=RC Willey Home Furnishings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seadrill=Seadrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clas_Ohlson=Clas Ohlson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oppo_Electronics=Oppo Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intralytix=Intralytix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmons_&_Simmons=Simmons & Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectral_Genomics=Spectral Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTT_Public_Company_Limited=PTT Public Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aicom=Aicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Nuclear=Scottish Nuclear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookish=Bookish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interchannel=Interchannel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Pharmaceuticals=Titan Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haeger_Potteries=Haeger Potteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavi_Jeans=Mavi Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acergy=Acergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LittleBig=LittleBig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGS-NOPEC_Geophysical_Company=TGS-NOPEC Geophysical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XG_Technology=XG Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subsea_7=Subsea 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred._Olsen_Energy=Fred. Olsen Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasum=Gasum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Gaas=Eesti Gaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGNiG=PGNiG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonheur=Bonheur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zale_Corporation=Zale Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred._Olsen_Express=Fred. Olsen Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lopez_Group_of_Companies=Lopez Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddworld_Inhabitants=Oddworld Inhabitants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Ley=Casa Ley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_and_Tobago_Electricity_Commission=Trinidad and Tobago Electricity Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNA_Financial=CNA Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantaloons_Fashion_&_Retail=Pantaloons Fashion & Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threewave_Software=Threewave Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_Republic=Coffee Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Broadcasting_Company=New Brunswick Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BW_Offshore=BW Offshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlphaGraphics=AlphaGraphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexer=Rexer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odfjell=Odfjell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KazMunayGas=KazMunayGas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallenius_Wilhelmsen_Logistics=Wallenius Wilhelmsen Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilh._Wilhelmsen=Wilh. Wilhelmsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Drilling=Aker Drilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfish_Software=Starfish Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humble_Oil=Humble Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_Studios=Firefly Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Plains_Energy=Great Plains Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunten=Sunten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrini's=Petrini's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Aircraft_Corporation=United Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W_Hotels=W Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennametal=Kennametal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Spunkmeyer=Otis Spunkmeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premium_Brands_Holdings_Corporation=Premium Brands Holdings Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rautaruukki=Rautaruukki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LightSurf=LightSurf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Marzetti_Company=T. Marzetti Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Hypermarket=Giant Hypermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquorland=Liquorland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blom=Blom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Floating_Production=Aker Floating Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cermaq=Cermaq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook_&_Son=Thomas Cook & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Car_Auctions=British Car Auctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breast_Cancer_Action=Breast Cancer Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extech_Instruments=Extech Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni-ball=Uni-ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shop_'n_Save_(Pittsburgh)=Shop 'n Save (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yocco's_Hot_Dogs=Yocco's Hot Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns_London=Burns London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AJP_Motos=AJP Motos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Powergrid=Northern Powergrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MANWEB=MANWEB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroframe_Services=Aeroframe Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genuitec=Genuitec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPTI_Canada=OPTI Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Tree_Bible_Software=Olive Tree Bible Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_Canada=Colt Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lysaght_and_Co.=John Lysaght and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florsheim_Shoes=Florsheim Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygo_Corporation=Zygo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montenegro_Lines=Montenegro Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Lights=Prairie Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMIS_(ISP)=AMIS (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arendals_Fossekompani=Arendals Fossekompani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Bronston_Productions=Samuel Bronston Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statkraft=Statkraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr_Pepper_Snapple_Bottling_Group=Dr Pepper Snapple Bottling Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netkey=Netkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SGN_(company)=SGN (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover_Corporation=Dover Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Club_(wholesale_club)=City Club (wholesale club)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_(Wakf)_Laboratories=Hamdard (Wakf) Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudge-Whitworth=Rudge-Whitworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_&_Zimmermann=Day & Zimmermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thatgamecompany=Thatgamecompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fagor=Fagor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaltaPost=MaltaPost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bershka=Bershka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_49=West 49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eminent_Technology=Eminent Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Electric=Nuclear Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kee_Wah_Bakery=Kee Wah Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KaatiZone=KaatiZone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fish_Games=Big Fish Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Australia_Holdings=Virgin Australia Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Hydro_Electric=Scottish Hydro Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endress+Hauser=Endress+Hauser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nammo=Nammo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeoEdge_Networks=NeoEdge Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DR_Studios=DR Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIT,_C.A.=VIT, C.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numericable=Numericable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemoil=Chemoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xetec=Xetec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Verdal=Aker Verdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discount_Superstores_Group=Discount Superstores Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Gas=British Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Electronics=Ultra Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Entertainment=Atom Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konecranes=Konecranes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalLogic=GlobalLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyward=Skyward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intracom=Intracom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Philadelphia_Shipyard=Aker Philadelphia Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lloyd_Leisure=David Lloyd Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cooper_Companies=The Cooper Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kittinger_Company=Kittinger Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Corporation=Tiger Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zojirushi_Corporation=Zojirushi Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CourseInfo=CourseInfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Copenhagen=Royal Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directline_holidays=Directline holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rackham=Rackham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_Consumer_Lifestyle=Philips Consumer Lifestyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_and_Gas_Development_Company=Oil and Gas Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NextWave_Wireless=NextWave Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluenotes=Bluenotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMAC_Real_Estate=GMAC Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Centric_Operations_Industry_Consortium=Network Centric Operations Industry Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Reilly_Automotive=O'Reilly Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coker_Tire=Coker Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Autism_and_Related_Disorders=Center for Autism and Related Disorders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ladd_Company=The Ladd Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharti_Airtel=Bharti Airtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Brasil=Ford Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norilsk_Nickel=Norilsk Nickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopp's_Frozen_Custard=Kopp's Frozen Custard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zierer=Zierer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Corporation=Sally Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRS_Labs=SRS Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machinima_Inc.=Machinima Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEco_Holdings=GEco Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadiran_Telecom=Tadiran Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Energy=Advanced Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novatek=Novatek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonefish_Grill=Bonefish Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threshold_Entertainment=Threshold Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodward,_Inc.=Woodward, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookmill=Bookmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Dorcel=Marc Dorcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Club=The Ghost Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizhnekamskneftekhim=Nizhnekamskneftekhim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechel=Mechel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Helicopter_Corporation=Revolution Helicopter Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tajikfilm=Tajikfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverdlovsk_Film_Studio=Sverdlovsk Film Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavutych_Brewery=Slavutych Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feltex_Carpets=Feltex Carpets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokertek=Pokertek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naver_Corporation=Naver Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Scientists_of_Australia=Young Scientists of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Israel_Investments=Africa Israel Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenterTelecom=CenterTelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibirtelecom=Sibirtelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennetts=Bennetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svyazinvest=Svyazinvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxum=Maxum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostelecom=Rostelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VolgaTelecom=VolgaTelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connect_Group_PLC=Connect Group PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North-West_Telecom=North-West Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjana_Productions=Anjana Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Telecom=Southern Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uralsvyazinform=Uralsvyazinform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordea_Bank_Polska=Nordea Bank Polska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helixe=Helixe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_City_Telephone_Network=Moscow City Telephone Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krome_Studios=Krome Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterosi=Butterosi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorthLink_Ferries=NorthLink Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaranth_Advisors=Amaranth Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parle_Agro=Parle Agro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntelCenter=IntelCenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGC-3=OGC-3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperSeaCat=SuperSeaCat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Network=The One Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arca_Continental=Arca Continental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex._Brown_&_Sons=Alex. Brown & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izumiya=Izumiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetObjects=NetObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysian_Nature_Society=Malaysian Nature Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harken,_Inc.=Harken, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lend_Lease_Communities=Lend Lease Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InStore_Broadcasting_Network=InStore Broadcasting Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authorize.Net=Authorize.Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Energia=Eesti Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Hasegawa=T. Hasegawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stichting_Max_Havelaar=Stichting Max Havelaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADK_(company)=ADK (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Films_US=Entertainment One Films US
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Films_Canada=Entertainment One Films Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Distribution=Entertainment One Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegant_Angel=Elegant Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edelman_(firm)=Edelman (firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trafigura=Trafigura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIKE_Athletic_Company=BIKE Athletic Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essentra=Essentra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hankyu_Hanshin_Holdings=Hankyu Hanshin Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markosia=Markosia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaggi_Group=Amaggi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irkutskenergo=Irkutskenergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyus_Gold=Polyus Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPA_(Rubin_Postaer_and_Associates)=RPA (Rubin Postaer and Associates)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belcan_Corporation=Belcan Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagostina=Lagostina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasson=Plasson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spelling_Television=Spelling Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_Integrated_Telecommunications_Company=Emirates Integrated Telecommunications Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Footwear=Fallen Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perot_Systems=Perot Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finavera_Wind_Energy=Finavera Wind Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Bank_Limited=Allied Bank Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovin=Rovin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Steak=Mr. Steak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_River_Enterprises=Grand River Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Star_Production=Five Star Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitra_(furniture)=Vitra (furniture)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Alkali_Company=United Alkali Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Fairview=Cadillac Fairview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&R_Partners=R&R Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarheel_Forensic_League=Tarheel Forensic League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legea=Legea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaze_Entertainment=Amaze Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meineke_Car_Care_Center=Meineke Car Care Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnott's_Biscuits=Arnott's Biscuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepperidge_Farm=Pepperidge Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novellus_Systems=Novellus Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchon_Eyewear=Marchon Eyewear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casiano_Communications=Casiano Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Iceland=Vodafone Iceland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joannou_&_Paraskevaides=Joannou & Paraskevaides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Carey_Library=William Carey Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olayan_Group=Olayan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity_Authority_of_Cyprus=Electricity Authority of Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PYOSA=PYOSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_REIT=Champion REIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes_AMG_High_Performance_Powertrains=Mercedes AMG High Performance Powertrains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suntrip_Records=Suntrip Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an_Aircraft_Industrial_Corporation=Xi'an Aircraft Industrial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengdu_Aircraft_Industry_Group=Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenyang_Aircraft_Corporation=Shenyang Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Productions=CBS Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essent=Essent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_S.r.l.=Rainbow S.r.l.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaanxi_Aircraft_Corporation=Shaanxi Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongdu_Aviation_Industry_Group=Hongdu Aviation Industry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changhe_Aircraft_Industries_Corporation=Changhe Aircraft Industries Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacelabs_Healthcare=Spacelabs Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSI_Systems=OSI Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSMPO-AVISMA=VSMPO-AVISMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KBP_Instrument_Design_Bureau=KBP Instrument Design Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oerlikon_Balzers=Oerlikon Balzers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tundra_Publishing=Tundra Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniq_plc=Uniq plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appledore_Shipbuilders=Appledore Shipbuilders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_Foods=Dot Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_service_corporation=Personal service corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WACO_Classic_Aircraft=WACO Classic Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampco_Pittsburgh=Ampco Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixomondo=Pixomondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Univer-Export=Univer-Export
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterlow_and_Sons=Waterlow and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moviecam=Moviecam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahashian_Di_Hatti=Mahashian Di Hatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schichau_Seebeckwerft=Schichau Seebeckwerft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keuffel_and_Esser=Keuffel and Esser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Lincoln=Rockstar Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICI_Pakistan=ICI Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HB_Performance=HB Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ON_Semiconductor=ON Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukka_Pies=Pukka Pies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mydin=Mydin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilla=Nilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGL_Resources=AGL Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Minerals_and_Alloys_Corporation=Union Minerals and Alloys Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conad=Conad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linamar=Linamar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drax_Group=Drax Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swizzels_Matlow=Swizzels Matlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HNI_Corporation=HNI Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviastroitel=Aviastroitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanwell_Corporation=Stanwell Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Climax_Corporation=Color Climax Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibo_Telecom=Vibo Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarong_Energy=Tarong Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straylight_Studios=Straylight Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metia_Interactive=Metia Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soilmec=Soilmec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ILVA=ILVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakson_Group=Lakson Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Natural_Resources_Information_System=Texas Natural Resources Information System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spolana=Spolana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Women's_Media_Foundation=International Women's Media Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eraring_Energy=Eraring Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Electricity=Delta Electricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Intention=Second Intention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ant_Commandos=The Ant Commandos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroWarehouse=MicroWarehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saregama=Saregama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimized_Systems_and_Solutions=Optimized Systems and Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mari_Petroleum_Company_Limited=Mari Petroleum Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Oilfields=Pakistan Oilfields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sui_Southern_Gas_Company=Sui Southern Gas Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attock_Petroleum=Attock Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attock_Group_of_Companies=Attock Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Australia=Nintendo Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_Stream_AG=Nord Stream AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frye_Company=The Frye Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceania_Cruises=Oceania Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manic_D_Press=Manic D Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajegroup=Ajegroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odell's=Odell's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angola_Telecom=Angola Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Namibia=Telecom Namibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Fighting_Championship=Maximum Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kato_Precision_Railroad_Models=Kato Precision Railroad Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Limited_Imports=Broadway Limited Imports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma_Pharmaceuticals=Sigma Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GS_Telecom=GS Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius_Telecom=Mauritius Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roewe=Roewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Newswire=Korea Newswire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZCCM_Investments_Holdings=ZCCM Investments Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realogy=Realogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_73=Pizza 73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gasunie=Gasunie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernstein-Rein=Bernstein-Rein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercontinental_Exchange=Intercontinental Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MFJ_Enterprises=MFJ Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Marrow_Donor_Program=National Marrow Donor Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_Films=ESPN Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casas_Bahia=Casas Bahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Spot_Exchange=National Spot Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinebook=Cinebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Energia_Kaevandused=Eesti Energia Kaevandused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funnelback=Funnelback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Lesotho=Telecom Lesotho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botswana_Telecommunications_Corporation=Botswana Telecommunications Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Ghazi_Tractors=Al-Ghazi Tractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecumseh_Products=Tecumseh Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_Technology=Promise Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer_cartoon_studio=Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksales=Quicksales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks_Television=DreamWorks Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer_Motor_Company=Fischer Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Colours=Cross Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Vickers=Canadian Vickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldman_Sachs_Capital_Partners=Goldman Sachs Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madarail=Madarail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_Internet=Eclipse Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_to_Read=Room to Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harts_Stores=Harts Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane_Plumbing_Corporation=Crane Plumbing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pseudo.com=Pseudo.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangshan_Railway_Vehicle=Tangshan Railway Vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred's=Fred's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yupi_(confectioner)=Yupi (confectioner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adani_Ports_&_SEZ_Limited=Adani Ports & SEZ Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Austria=Telekom Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thundersprint=Thundersprint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phones_4u=Phones 4u
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimbunan_Hijau=Rimbunan Hijau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schott_NYC=Schott NYC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Youth_Parliament=Scottish Youth Parliament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgid=Ridgid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastings_Entertainment=Hastings Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iasis_Healthcare=Iasis Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Fong_Shan=Tao Fong Shan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denki=Denki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doi_(retailer)=Doi (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Software=Fantasy Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findel_plc=Findel plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Imperial_Motors=New Imperial Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadano_Faun_GmbH=Tadano Faun GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdue_Pharma=Purdue Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever_Pakistan_Limited=Unilever Pakistan Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-Media=C-Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_Red=Product Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr's_Snacks=Herr's Snacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apex_Computer_Productions=Apex Computer Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemper_Direct=Kemper Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CME_Group=CME Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expand_Networks=Expand Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SURFnet=SURFnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elekta=Elekta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Merchants_Holdings_(International)=China Merchants Holdings (International)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghandhara_Industries=Ghandhara Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD_Squared=JD Squared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashworth_(clothing)=Ashworth (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuan_Mhuire=Cuan Mhuire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barum_(company)=Barum (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techni-tool=Techni-tool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._&_G._Meakin=J. & G. Meakin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber_Shandwick=Weber Shandwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Kanagawa=Television Kanagawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Saitama=Television Saitama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allphones=Allphones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannatech=Mannatech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schillings=Schillings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alimentos_Polar=Alimentos Polar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_Amman_Bank=Cairo Amman Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amedei=Amedei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrian_Telecom=Syrian Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaction_Engines_Limited=Reaction Engines Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arta_Industrial_Group=Arta Industrial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howdens_Joinery=Howdens Joinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Villiers_Triumph=Norton Villiers Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facebook=Facebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_Forum=Coop Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Dawning=East Dawning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Vacations=Virgin Vacations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polara_Productions=Polara Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rightmove=Rightmove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euphonix=Euphonix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daei_Sport=Daei Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banque_Populaire_du_Maroc=Banque Populaire du Maroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Circle_Industries=Blue Circle Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solson_Publications=Solson Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Television_Distribution=American Television Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Post=Pakistan Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steak_and_Ale=Steak and Ale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Kamach=Groupe Kamach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beca_Group=Beca Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McVicar's_Bus_Services=McVicar's Bus Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Shore_Animal_League_America=North Shore Animal League America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiens_Biotech_Group=Tiens Biotech Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monteith's=Monteith's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Paints_of_Europe=Fine Paints of Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awash_International_Bank=Awash International Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_Gas=Vostok Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gundersen_Health_System=Gundersen Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armada_(company)=Armada (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall's_Food_Markets=Randall's Food Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventist_Health_System=Adventist Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bean_Pole=Bean Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glencore=Glencore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicor_Corporation=Vicor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisu_Auto=Sisu Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_the_Air_(Hong_Kong)=Clear the Air (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftna_Industrija_Srbije=Naftna Industrija Srbije
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Community_Newspapers=Quest Community Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Health_Group=Revolution Health Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Range_(retailer)=The Range (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilsons_Leather=Wilsons Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Brewing_Company=Nelson Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germanischer_Lloyd=Germanischer Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damodar_Valley_Corporation=Damodar Valley Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_of_Dorothy_Society=Friends of Dorothy Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Comics=Future Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoubleTwist=DoubleTwist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prope=Prope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChaCha_(search_engine)=ChaCha (search engine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinglink=Thinglink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroexpresos_Ejecutivos,_C.A.=Aeroexpresos Ejecutivos, C.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentex_Corporation=Gentex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmot_(company)=Marmot (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_Insurance=Shelter Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cargo_Inc=Air Cargo Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviapartner=Aviapartner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servisair=Servisair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochlear_Limited=Cochlear Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LendingTree=LendingTree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphy_Richards=Morphy Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavour_Mining=Endeavour Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTL_Nederland=RTL Nederland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semafo=Semafo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheng_Shin_Rubber=Cheng Shin Rubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Identity=Internet Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Publishing=Riverside Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actuate_Corporation=Actuate Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucell=Crucell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinners_Ready=Dinners Ready
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Maternity=Destination Maternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Government_Future_Fund=Australian Government Future Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Rex_Engineering=T-Rex Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mustek_Systems=Mustek Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TA_Associates=TA Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatel-Lucent=Alcatel-Lucent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Pottinger_Private=Bell Pottinger Private
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niche_(company)=Niche (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roly_Poly=Roly Poly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescendo_Networks=Crescendo Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaggieMoo's_Ice_Cream_and_Treatery=MaggieMoo's Ice Cream and Treatery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocity_Micro=Velocity Micro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aricent=Aricent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_box_(container)=Green box (container)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Harbour_Tunnel_Company=Western Harbour Tunnel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourmet_Burger_Kitchen=Gourmet Burger Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCashins_Brewery=McCashins Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priority_Telecom=Priority Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dokorder=Dokorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spreadshirt=Spreadshirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTE=UTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Insight=Dimensional Insight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_Industries=Motion Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Biotechnologies=Guardian Biotechnologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banestes=Banestes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Mathes_Corporation=Curtis Mathes Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anino_Games=Anino Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proxim_Wireless=Proxim Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhl_Aircraft_Company=Buhl Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mag_Garden=Mag Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnalijek=Bosnalijek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omantel=Omantel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3M=3M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davie_Shipbuilding=Davie Shipbuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LuxConnect=LuxConnect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRVM=BRVM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Christian_Broadcasters=United Christian Broadcasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Musical_Instrument_Company=Kay Musical Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiesta_Mart=Fiesta Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrider=Sunrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masonite_International=Masonite International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perini_Building_Company=Perini Building Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heljan=Heljan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuova_Cometra=Nuova Cometra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ULTA_Beauty=ULTA Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABBYY=ABBYY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_&_Barry's=Steve & Barry's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullers_Group=Fullers Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samaritan_Befrienders_Hong_Kong=The Samaritan Befrienders Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jysk_(store)=Jysk (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Horse_Ferries=White Horse Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Mills=U.S. Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonated_Games=Carbonated Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cinema_Guild=The Cinema Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Air_Brake=New York Air Brake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texet_Sales=Texet Sales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldilocks_Bakeshop=Goldilocks Bakeshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Press_Publishing_Association=Pacific Press Publishing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrol=Afrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vignette_Corporation=Vignette Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exxaro=Exxaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._M._Jaleel_and_Company=S. M. Jaleel and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RockResorts=RockResorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamic_Planning=Dynamic Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_Digital_Pictures_Limited=Centro Digital Pictures Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keane_(company)=Keane (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hershey's_Kissables=Hershey's Kissables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrell_(company)=Merrell (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvern_Fringe_Festival=Malvern Fringe Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Arts_Center_Publishing=Graphic Arts Center Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitanihon_Broadcasting=Kitanihon Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Europe=Turner Broadcasting System Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Pistols=Pink Pistols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Leadership_&_Management=Institute of Leadership & Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beverage_Association=American Beverage Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephens_Media_(newspapers)=Stephens Media (newspapers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Saudi_Arabia=Siemens Saudi Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossmark=Crossmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_(restaurant)=Valentine (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invicta_Watch_Group=Invicta Watch Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiffeisenbank_Beograd=Raiffeisenbank Beograd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regus=Regus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aras_Free_Zone=Aras Free Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusal=Rusal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equity_Insurance_Group=Equity Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Bros._Television_Productions_UK=Warner Bros. Television Productions UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interactive_Picture_Systems=Interactive Picture Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerealicious=Cerealicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ComScore=ComScore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N_(Poland)=N (Poland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratiopharm=Ratiopharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Shipping=Essar Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BuroHappold_Engineering=BuroHappold Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OeFun=OeFun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japonica_Polonica_Fantastica=Japonica Polonica Fantastica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blancpain=Blancpain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borrani=Borrani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contiki_Tours=Contiki Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamanashi_Broadcasting_System=Yamanashi Broadcasting System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changfeng_Motor=Changfeng Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Fresh=Reliance Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Theatres=Modern Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infor=Infor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_and_Communications_Technology_Council=Information and Communications Technology Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papillon_Airways=Papillon Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Consumer_&_Industrial=GE Consumer & Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vektor_Grafix=Vektor Grafix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EIKI=EIKI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sberbank_Srbija=Sberbank Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erste_Bank_Novi_Sad=Erste Bank Novi Sad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_Power_Development_Corporation=West Bengal Power Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JUBMES_banka=JUBMES banka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eutechnyx=Eutechnyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INiS=INiS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendswood_Development_Company=Friendswood Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiAZ_(Russia)=LiAZ (Russia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Corporation=Orion Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_Motors_Company=Indus Motors Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dualit=Dualit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sistema=Sistema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilniaus_prekyba=Vilniaus prekyba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnett_Bank=Barnett Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovation_Unit=Innovation Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro-Keds=Pro-Keds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainless_Broadcasting_Company=Stainless Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast_Spectacor=Comcast Spectacor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartell_Drugs=Bartell Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peebles_(store)=Peebles (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Advisory_Board_Company=The Advisory Board Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PayScale=PayScale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justgiving=Justgiving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiehl's=Kiehl's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOS_Audiovisuais=NOS Audiovisuais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskayef_Bangladesh=Eskayef Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_44_Studios=Page 44 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovation_Publishing=Innovation Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpich_Character_Dolls=Simpich Character Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostway=Hostway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicor=Nicor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Candy_(cosmetics)=Hard Candy (cosmetics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Decay_(cosmetics)=Urban Decay (cosmetics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahlstrom=Ahlstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_of_Systems_on_Silicon=Design of Systems on Silicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenway_Sports_Management=Fenway Sports Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screwfix=Screwfix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redox_Brands=Redox Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradedoubler=Tradedoubler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferretti_Group=Ferretti Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahabshiil=Dahabshiil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Diamond_Producers_Association=African Diamond Producers Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrightPoint=BrightPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Trade_Association_of_Australia_and_New_Zealand=Fair Trade Association of Australia and New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTC_(Cape_Verde)=RTC (Cape Verde)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemetco=Chemetco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavazza=Lavazza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casal=Casal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shezan_International=Shezan International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGillin's_Olde_Ale_House=McGillin's Olde Ale House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charming_Shoppes=Charming Shoppes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DPMS_Panther_Arms=DPMS Panther Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scient=Scient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_Enterprises=Insight Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FMC_Technologies=FMC Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telkomsel=Telkomsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Gate_Iron_and_Steel_Company=Park Gate Iron and Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specma=Specma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple-S_Management_Corporation=Triple-S Management Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeGoods=HomeGoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pritt=Pritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incepta_Pharmaceuticals=Incepta Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emporiki_Bank=Emporiki Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myriad_Genetics=Myriad Genetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Tinto_Coal_Australia=Rio Tinto Coal Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliant_Energy=Alliant Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen's_Market=Owen's Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vizio=Vizio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skagerak_Energi=Skagerak Energi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grindhouse_Releasing=Grindhouse Releasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T_Bank=T Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Aircraft_Manufacturing_Corporation=Nihon Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaskan_Brewing_Company=Alaskan Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siruthuli=Siruthuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McNeil_Consumer_Healthcare=McNeil Consumer Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Basket=Market Basket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spektrum_RC=Spektrum RC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aigle_(company)=Aigle (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerland_Corporation=Gerland Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_City_(shopping_centers)=Diamond City (shopping centers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WingTips_Airport_Services=WingTips Airport Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seoul_Semiconductor=Seoul Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Plus=Telecom Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utility_Warehouse=Utility Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balducci's=Balducci's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepe_Jeans=Pepe Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Supermarkets=Associated Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazprom_Armenia=Gazprom Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laneige=Laneige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellers_Bros.=Sellers Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L&L_Hawaiian_Barbecue=L&L Hawaiian Barbecue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MISC_Berhad=MISC Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steria=Steria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capella_Education_Company=Capella Education Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EQT=EQT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden_New_Zealand=Holden New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datamost=Datamost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_Electraglide=Bond Electraglide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Intelligence_Service=Norwegian Intelligence Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Pages_Group=Yellow Pages Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cephalon=Cephalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Motor_Vehicle_Company=Rapid Motor Vehicle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_@_UNSW_Limited=Arc @ UNSW Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMagin=EMagin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrojaya=Metrojaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCC_(Specialist_Computer_Centres)=SCC (Specialist Computer Centres)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_Metro_Rail_Corporation=Delhi Metro Rail Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoreMedia_CMS=CoreMedia CMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Air_Lines=Norwegian Air Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novar_Controls=Novar Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Wyman=Oliver Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeSense=HomeSense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrepMe=PrepMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Entertainment=Falcon Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Media=Titan Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CT_(company)=CT (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnitogorsk_Iron_and_Steel_Works=Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Resources_Holdings=Celtic Resources Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasc_Software=Jasc Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taisei_Corporation=Taisei Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havertys=Havertys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Media_Production_City=Egyptian Media Production City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DDOR_Novi_Sad=DDOR Novi Sad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamas_&_Papas=Mamas & Papas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Talent_Technology=Super Talent Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perini_Navi=Perini Navi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ACME_Laboratories_Ltd=The ACME Laboratories Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proton_Bank=Proton Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Food_City=Davis Food City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoll_(company)=Knoll (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhishTank=PhishTank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moosejaw=Moosejaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassina_S.p.A.=Cassina S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Lama_Boots=Tony Lama Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCMA_Collective=DCMA Collective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgartabac=Bulgartabac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Nod_(company)=The Land of Nod (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Oil_Corporation=Indian Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcher_Radio_Group=Marcher Radio Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icebreaker_(clothing)=Icebreaker (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentholatum=Mentholatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synology_Inc.=Synology Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PROBANK=PROBANK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houbunsha=Houbunsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(company)=Shaft (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagstrom_Map=Hagstrom Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBT_Bank=NBT Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segesa=Segesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Energy=Just Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borouge=Borouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaufman_&_Broad_S.A.=Kaufman & Broad S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blendtec=Blendtec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Seed_Company=Park Seed Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalStem=GlobalStem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LongHorn_Steakhouse=LongHorn Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gus_Mayer=Gus Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perceptive_Software=Perceptive Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infrabel=Infrabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abacus_Federal_Savings_Bank=Abacus Federal Savings Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_the_Orient=Bank of the Orient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EverTrust_Bank=EverTrust Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Premier_Bank=American Premier Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosauers_Supermarkets=Rosauers Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procredit_Bank=Procredit Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_National_Oil_Company=Abu Dhabi National Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotham,_Inc.=Gotham, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Bancshares=Huntington Bancshares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GBC_International_Bank=GBC International Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_National_Bank=Hawaii National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arni's_Restaurant=Arni's Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissaten=Kissaten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camber_Corporation=Camber Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesketh_Motorcycles=Hesketh Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rot_Front_Open_Joint-Stock_Company=Rot Front Open Joint-Stock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Nippon=Radio Nippon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Bus_(studio)=Magic Bus (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedberg_Maps=Hedberg Maps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparx_Animation_Studios=Sparx Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doutor_Coffee=Doutor Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redflex_Holdings=Redflex Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Oil_&_Gas=Advantage Oil & Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babayevsky_(company)=Babayevsky (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasny_Oktyabr_Open_Joint-Stock_Company=Krasny Oktyabr Open Joint-Stock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanline_VFX=Scanline VFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heinrich_Deichmann-Schuhe_GmbH=Heinrich Deichmann-Schuhe GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRG_Sports=BRG Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OTP_banka_Srbija=OTP banka Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pie_Council=American Pie Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottee's=Cottee's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Communications=SK Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topix_(website)=Topix (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_21_Merchandising=Century 21 Merchandising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veidekke=Veidekke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemide=Artemide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DevGen=DevGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity_and_Gas_Regulation_Commission=Electricity and Gas Regulation Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasny_Oktyabr_Closed_Joint-Stock_Company=Krasny Oktyabr Closed Joint-Stock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JR_Cigars=JR Cigars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward_Trunk_Co.=Seward Trunk Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Campbell_Ewald=Lowe Campbell Ewald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithun_Agency=Mithun Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HobbyTown_USA=HobbyTown USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Minting_and_Security_Printing_Corporation=Korea Minting and Security Printing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accelrys=Accelrys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainzeal=Mainzeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Life_Insurance=Reliance Life Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_and_Natural_Gas_Corporation=Oil and Natural Gas Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayanat=Bayanat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagamore_Farm=Sagamore Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinway_Musical_Instruments=Steinway Musical Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSE_plc=SSE plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SyberJet_Aircraft=SyberJet Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canary_Wharf_Group=Canary Wharf Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwestern_National_Bank=Southwestern National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_National_Bank=Los Angeles National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomato_Bank=Tomato Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_Bank_(California)=Omni Bank (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetroCorp_Bancshares=MetroCorp Bancshares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husqvarna_Group=Husqvarna Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Mart_Supermarkets=Save Mart Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassett_Furniture=Bassett Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi-LG_Data_Storage=Hitachi-LG Data Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZeniMax_Media=ZeniMax Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompAir=CompAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AB_Svensk_Filmindustri=AB Svensk Filmindustri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Dredge_and_Dock_Company=Great Lakes Dredge and Dock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audiolab=Audiolab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elyria-Lorain_Broadcasting_Co.=Elyria-Lorain Broadcasting Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akwa_Group=Akwa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BGL_Group=BGL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itsu=Itsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Education_Association=Canadian Education Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Natural_Gas=Southern Natural Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manglobe=Manglobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hookend_Recording_Studios=Hookend Recording Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Par_Pharmaceutical=Par Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury_House_(restaurant)=Salisbury House (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Television=Pearson Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_18=Network 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camus_Cognac=Camus Cognac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westin_Hotels_&_Resorts=Westin Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Mobile_Phone_Service=Advanced Mobile Phone Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.A._Semi=P.A. Semi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrard_&_Co=Garrard & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancer_Fitzgerald_Sample=Dancer Fitzgerald Sample
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rickel=Rickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbian_Railways=Serbian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleutia=Aleutia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemeinhardt=Gemeinhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weatherford_International=Weatherford International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._Fox_&_Co.=G. Fox & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Denver_Dry_Goods_Company=The Denver Dry Goods Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharti_Enterprises=Bharti Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRIGlobal=MRIGlobal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Guff=Mac Guff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detonics=Detonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cing=Cing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stickam=Stickam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Aircraft_Company=Great Lakes Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harsco=Harsco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Leisure_Group=XL Leisure Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Association_of_Nuclear_Operators=World Association of Nuclear Operators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporation_Service_Company=Corporation Service Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heery_International=Heery International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Petroleum=Bharat Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Petroleum=Hindustan Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_Bluth_Studios=Sullivan Bluth Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Technologies=Tata Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shore_Tilbe_Irwin_+_Partners=Shore Tilbe Irwin + Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_SiteScope=HP SiteScope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Transportation=Swift Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_European_Schools_of_Planning=Association of European Schools of Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Air_(United_States)=West Air (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_Superstore=Omni Superstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evryware=Evryware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Environmental_Services=Veolia Environmental Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Railway_Museum=Israel Railway Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diversey,_Inc.=Diversey, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SavaJe=SavaJe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Nova_Tourist_Association=Central Nova Tourist Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labor_and_Employment_Relations_Association=Labor and Employment Relations Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._W._Pepper_&_Son,_Inc.=J. W. Pepper & Son, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumon=Kumon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kievnauchfilm=Kievnauchfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greco_guitars=Greco guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coded_Illusions=Coded Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Studios=Triumph Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Mindanao_Network=Radio Mindanao Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esso_Australia=Esso Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accurist=Accurist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stifel=Stifel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero's=Hero's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GI_Partners=GI Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chime_Communications_plc=Chime Communications plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Rosa_(bicycles)=De Rosa (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovnaft=Slovnaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpectorSoft=SpectorSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatel_Mobile_Phones=Alcatel Mobile Phones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eton_Park_Capital_Management=Eton Park Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_&_Thomas=Stone & Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirov_Plant=Kirov Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festool=Festool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajeet=Kajeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochet-Schneider=Rochet-Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edding=Edding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Europe=Chevrolet Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Software_Refinery=The Software Refinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Select_Medical=Select Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blip_(website)=Blip (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostlight=Ghostlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be-Ro=Be-Ro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Glacier=Arctic Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helms_Bakery=Helms Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_&_Sanborn_Coffee_Company=Chase & Sanborn Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino's_Pizza_Enterprises=Domino's Pizza Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courthouse_News_Service=Courthouse News Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Electric_Power_Corporation=Korea Electric Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornbridge_Brewery=Thornbridge Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffs_Natural_Resources=Cliffs Natural Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AboutUs.org=AboutUs.org
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracenote=Gracenote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnlines=Finnlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dia_(supermarket_chain)=Dia (supermarket chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histology_Group_of_Victoria=Histology Group of Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonar_Entertainment=Sonar Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorwerk_(company)=Vorwerk (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Response-Ability=Response-Ability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahr_Arms=Kahr Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morbidelli=Morbidelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_World=Hat World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Aviation_Holdings=Global Aviation Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsheng_Banking_Corp=Minsheng Banking Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krinos_Foods=Krinos Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Building=Fletcher Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avis_Budget_Group=Avis Budget Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POW!_Entertainment=POW! Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_Bank_of_Southern_Africa=Development Bank of Southern Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempo_(motorcycle_manufacturer)=Tempo (motorcycle manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Factory_(company)=Fun Factory (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBuddy=EBuddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasAir=MasAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Sports_Digital_Media=Fox Sports Digital Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haitian_American_Sugar_Company=Haitian American Sugar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PATH_(global_health_organization)=PATH (global health organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Capita=Per Capita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KidZania=KidZania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Newspaper_Company=Community Newspaper Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GateHouse_Media=GateHouse Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infortrend=Infortrend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havok_(company)=Havok (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipitina's_Foundation=Tipitina's Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_(cable_operator)=R (cable operator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood_(charity)=Norwood (charity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K_Sera_Sera_Limited=K Sera Sera Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberian_Outpost=Cyberian Outpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permasteelisa=Permasteelisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordmans=Gordmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_FM=Hiroshima FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyana=Libyana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libya_Telecom_&_Technology=Libya Telecom & Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&H_Photo_Video=B&H Photo Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connells_Group=Connells Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebonite_International=Ebonite International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonebridge_Press=Stonebridge Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overwaitea_Food_Group=Overwaitea Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Ribbon_(bakeshop)=Red Ribbon (bakeshop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBB_Cargo=SBB Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melnitsa_Animation_Studio=Melnitsa Animation Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Telecasting=Hiroshima Telecasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_&_Hall=Greenwood & Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chugoku_Shimbun=Chugoku Shimbun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Spatial_Development_Planning=European Spatial Development Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadcorp=Cadcorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darley_Stud=Darley Stud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Water_Central=Veolia Water Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magellan_Navigation=Magellan Navigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandpiper_CI=Sandpiper CI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._B._Hunt=J. B. Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richards_of_Aberdeen=Richards of Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onomichi_FM=Onomichi FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM_Fukuyama=FM Fukuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM_Nanami=FM Nanami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chugoku_Communication_Network=Chugoku Communication Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estel=Estel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LibLime=LibLime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemeq=Chemeq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenico=Ingenico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Electric_Railway=Hiroshima Electric Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_About_Science=Sense About Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_Group=Aldo Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latham_&_Watkins=Latham & Watkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springcm=Springcm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Data_Research=Applied Data Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Electronics=Ultimate Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CommerceNet_Singapore=CommerceNet Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malco_Theatres=Malco Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_K._Guillow,_Inc.=Paul K. Guillow, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ube_Industries=Ube Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companhia_Cabo-Verdiana_de_Seguros=Companhia Cabo-Verdiana de Seguros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommykaira=Tommykaira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Brands=Pacific Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panarctic_Oils=Panarctic Oils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringtons_Tea=Ringtons Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_Studios=Stargate Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Commercial_Vehicles=Bristol Commercial Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AS220=AS220
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trindade_(spring_water)=Trindade (spring water)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Power=Mississippi Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSP_Global=WSP Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zastava_Arms=Zastava Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMTC_Corporation=SMTC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Games_Poland=Epic Games Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoS._A._Bank_Clothiers=JoS. A. Bank Clothiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interactive_Data_Corporation=Interactive Data Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyrtech=Lyrtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Nile_Petroleum_Operating_Company=Greater Nile Petroleum Operating Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deodeo=Deodeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philos_Laboratories=Philos Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Direct=Sports Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Studio=Mystery Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitwise=Hitwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_TV=AOL TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudapet=Sudapet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrium=Astrium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAF_NV=DAF NV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Bison_Brewing_Company=Flying Bison Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clintons=Clintons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirefly=Wirefly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanduay=Tanduay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotayk_Brewery=Kotayk Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit4=Unit4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integral_Systems=Integral Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Industrial_Development_Corporation=Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poplar_(convenience_store)=Poplar (convenience store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexon_Group=Alexon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DefTech=DefTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takaki_Bakery=Takaki Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riso_Kagaku_Corporation=Riso Kagaku Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_Rapid_Transit=Hiroshima Rapid Transit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leela_Palaces,_Hotels_and_Resorts=The Leela Palaces, Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tide_(transportation_company)=Tide (transportation company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearSpeed=ClearSpeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reusch=Reusch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinn_(watchmaker)=Sinn (watchmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FXall=FXall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Power_Company=Taiwan Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AB_Svenska_Ord=AB Svenska Ord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Foods=Heritage Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_River_Brewing_Company=Russian River Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Entertainment_Co.=Nine Entertainment Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neills=O'Neills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vetco=Vetco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Arms=Stevens Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_plc=Ricardo plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazars=Mazars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Iron_Studios=Heavy Iron Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Hudson_(company)=Robert Hudson (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulberry_(company)=Mulberry (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viskase=Viskase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaCat=SeaCat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_HealthCare=UK HealthCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibdock=Gibdock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secom=Secom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Seafood=Abba Seafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bland_Group=Bland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sloan_Valve_Company=Sloan Valve Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icemat=Icemat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vocus=Vocus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Railroad_and_Navigation_Company=Oregon Railroad and Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_Exchange=Bradford Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxon_Park=Foxon Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecover=Ecover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talon_Zipper=Talon Zipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCoy_(pottery)=McCoy (pottery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel_Resources=Gabriel Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_Farmers_Market=Henry's Farmers Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Niagara_Falls=WWE Niagara Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Life_Insurance=Samsung Life Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_(hypermarket)=Real (hypermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semtech=Semtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkinson_Cowan=Parkinson Cowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spokeo=Spokeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Apple_Company=Mountain Apple Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_Software=Matrix Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veropoulos=Veropoulos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallourec=Vallourec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RBS_International=RBS International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Sharyo=Nippon Sharyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_HealthCare=Sharp HealthCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungo=Jungo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thwaites_&_Reed=Thwaites & Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Department_Store=Robinson Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autolite=Autolite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_Link=Map Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roehr_Motorcycle_Company=Roehr Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genialis=Genialis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AsiaSat=AsiaSat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francfranc=Francfranc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JR_Miyajima_Ferry=JR Miyajima Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyajima_Matsudai_Kisen=Miyajima Matsudai Kisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murata_Electronics_(company_in_Finland)=Murata Electronics (company in Finland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Line_International=Blue Line International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonhams_&_Butterfield=Bonhams & Butterfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostop=Frostop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Chef=Happy Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurasian_Natural_Resources_Corporation=Eurasian Natural Resources Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabah_Electricity=Sabah Electricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Motorcars=Phoenix Motorcars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malakoff_(power_company)=Malakoff (power company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacecom=Spacecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark's_Pies=Clark's Pies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentland_Ferries=Pentland Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_(retailer)=Republic (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aria_(guitar_company)=Aria (guitar company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawker_Beechcraft=Hawker Beechcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richwood_Area_Community_Hospital=Richwood Area Community Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parfums_Lubin=Parfums Lubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavastorm_Analytics=Lavastorm Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweser=Schweser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragon_Space_Development_Corporation=Paragon Space Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budget_Truck_Rental=Budget Truck Rental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqua_Net_Hiroshima=Aqua Net Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Beach=First Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronoswiss=Chronoswiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etheric_Networks=Etheric Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesi=Genesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestas_aircoil_A/S=Vestas aircoil A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Electronics,_Inc.=Micro Electronics, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaRiver_Maritime=SeaRiver Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novarossi=Novarossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Republic_of_Animation=The People's Republic of Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Economic_and_Community_Development_Department=Oregon Economic and Community Development Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thule_(automobile_accessories)=Thule (automobile accessories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthdays_(retailer)=Birthdays (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Screen_Partners=Silver Screen Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Fellowship=Space Fellowship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PartSource=PartSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchet=Buchet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkson=Parkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbus_Film=Nimbus Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dejobaan_Games=Dejobaan Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedy_Hire=Speedy Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera_Soft=Opera Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melting_Pot_(restaurant)=The Melting Pot (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punchdrunk=Punchdrunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReLINE_Software=ReLINE Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Industries_Promotion_Corporation_of_Tamil_Nadu=State Industries Promotion Corporation of Tamil Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_County_Medical_Society=New York County Medical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Film_Group_Corporation=Shanghai Film Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Animation_Film_Studio=Shanghai Animation Film Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srbijagas=Srbijagas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exanet=Exanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savola_Group=The Savola Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemplus_International=Gemplus International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Motors_(Thailand)=Mitsubishi Motors (Thailand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArcSoft=ArcSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsh_&_McLennan_Companies=Marsh & McLennan Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loopt=Loopt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&B_Theatres=B&B Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Strauss_Brewing_Company=Karl Strauss Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquascutum=Aquascutum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nectar_Lifesciences=Nectar Lifesciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantar_Group=Kantar Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_the_Earth=Honor the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Mobile=BT Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma_Guitars=Tacoma Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutter_Consortium=Cutter Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skagen_Denmark=Skagen Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee's_Sandwiches=Lee's Sandwiches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeo=Valeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabcharge=Cabcharge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_C._Hagen_Group=Rolf C. Hagen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammarlund=Hammarlund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Stock_Exchange_of_Australia=National Stock Exchange of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryncelyn_Brewery=Bryncelyn Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Unite=Virgin Unite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abdulla_Fouad_Group_of_Companies=Abdulla Fouad Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CZ.NIC=CZ.NIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Chillies_Entertainment=Red Chillies Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Chemical_Company=Cooper Chemical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastman_Business_Park=Eastman Business Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recycled_Paper_Greetings=Recycled Paper Greetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Media/Communications_Group=Phoenix Media/Communications Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forthnet=Forthnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delchamps=Delchamps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambassador_Theatre_Group=Ambassador Theatre Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Road_Map_Service=King of the Road Map Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Progress_Corporation=Florida Progress Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eley_Brothers=Eley Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Retail_Round_Table=European Retail Round Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_Off=Book Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Brides=Virgin Brides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teteks=Teteks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Wines=Virgin Wines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FMR_Records=FMR Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladenburg_Thalmann=Ladenburg Thalmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_State_Shipbuilding_Corporation=China State Shipbuilding Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FaktorTel=FaktorTel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordnance_Factories_Board=Ordnance Factories Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Shipbuilding_Industry_Corporation=China Shipbuilding Industry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandini_Automobili=Bandini Automobili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagica=Imagica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pike_Place_Fish_Market=Pike Place Fish Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich_Leisure_Limited=Greenwich Leisure Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Aval_Acciones_y_Valores=Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parque_Arauco_S.A.=Parque Arauco S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly_Restaurants=Piccadilly Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syntax-Brillian_Corporation=Syntax-Brillian Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cencosud=Cencosud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyriver=Skyriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinche_Entertainment=Malinche Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busscar=Busscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palais_Royal_(store)=Palais Royal (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee,_Sugar_and_Cocoa_Exchange=Coffee, Sugar and Cocoa Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganz_(toy_company)=Ganz (toy company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westaflex=Westaflex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edutel=Edutel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontiers_Records=Frontiers Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAS_Corporation=CAS Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_and_Hollingsworth=Harlan and Hollingsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_Rich_&_Co=Gardner Rich & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrilla_Cambridge=Guerrilla Cambridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Tortilla=California Tortilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalSantaFe_Corporation=GlobalSantaFe Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snackbox_Food_Holdings=Snackbox Food Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Glaucoma_Society=American Glaucoma Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumho_Engineering_and_Construction=Kumho Engineering and Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMA_Engines=SMA Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solvay_Process_Company=Solvay Process Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D&R=D&R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowen_Designs=Bowen Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Juice,_Inc.=Digital Juice, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towers_Perrin=Towers Perrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/615_Music=615 Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedwell_Motor_Car_Company=Speedwell Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NASCAR_Mexico=NASCAR Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PinnacleHealth_System=PinnacleHealth System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HCF_Health_Insurance=HCF Health Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakshmi_Mills=Lakshmi Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadbury's_Chocolate_Factory,_Tasmania=Cadbury's Chocolate Factory, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Funds=Lone Star Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Life_&_Accident_Insurance_Company=Colonial Life & Accident Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daphne's_Greek_Cafe=Daphne's Greek Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specialized_Bicycle_Components=Specialized Bicycle Components
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjin_Heavy_Industries=Hanjin Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toms_International=Toms International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthon_Berg=Anthon Berg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosslink_Strategy=Crosslink Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FSA_Corporation=FSA Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanesbrands=Hanesbrands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_&_Mahindra=Mahindra & Mahindra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIR_Group=CIR Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refah_Bank=Refah Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVS_Electronics=TVS Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JobServe=JobServe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyo_Seiko=Koyo Seiko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guylian=Guylian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolber_(company)=Kolber (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleet_Support_Limited=Fleet Support Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Telephone_of_Rochester=Frontier Telephone of Rochester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexon=Nexon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbitel_(Bulgarian_company)=Orbitel (Bulgarian company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Schmizza=Pizza Schmizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Togglethis=Togglethis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gretsch_Drums=Gretsch Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Suspension_Bicycles=Turner Suspension Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De'Longhi=De'Longhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Airports_Authority=Kenya Airports Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chordiant=Chordiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixmania=Pixmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polk_Brothers=Polk Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_El_Salvador=Claro El Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEO_Group=GEO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reebok=Reebok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Center_for_Mongolian_Studies=American Center for Mongolian Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_International_Petrochemical_Company=Saudi International Petrochemical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Pakistan=Shell Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminium_Plant_Podgorica=Aluminium Plant Podgorica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soda_Pictures=Soda Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurst_Performance=Hurst Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanwha_Life_Insurance=Hanwha Life Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincs_FM_Group=Lincs FM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacomp=Anacomp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_Brewing_Company=Yukon Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneful=Beneful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_David=Simon David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thetrainline.com=Thetrainline.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Magnetics=Graham Magnetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy2R=Toy2R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jays_Foods=Jays Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Mission=Global Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goa_Shipyard=Goa Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPC_Group=SPC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopWare_Interactive=TopWare Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NaturalMotion=NaturalMotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Group=Mahindra Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantin_Film=Constantin Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irkut_Corporation=Irkut Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Star_Games=Rising Star Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddie_Kandids=Kiddie Kandids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teach_Yourself=Teach Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OceanaGold=OceanaGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheller-Globe_Corporation=Sheller-Globe Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenson_Blake=Stephenson Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprouse-Reitz=Sprouse-Reitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Lala=Grupo Lala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damballa_(company)=Damballa (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Rock_(company)=School of Rock (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Times=Real Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julius_Berger_Nigeria=Julius Berger Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmitz_Cargobull=Schmitz Cargobull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Mobile_UK=T-Mobile UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco_Mobile=Tesco Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_Victoria=Places Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolko=Tolko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Arthur_Flour=King Arthur Flour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_Capital_(Russian_company)=Renaissance Capital (Russian company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Windpower=Southwest Windpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSP_Belgrade=GSP Belgrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexon=Rexon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacha_Group=Pacha Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister_Co.=Hollister Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beta_(motorcycle_manufacturer)=Beta (motorcycle manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_Fury_Fighting_Championships=Cage Fury Fighting Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Filmexport=Metropolitan Filmexport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyphernetics=Cyphernetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Marine_Systems=Global Marine Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibram=Vibram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PriceSmart=PriceSmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_YES=Generation YES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Bank_Skopje=Alpha Bank Skopje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReadSoft=ReadSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OmniVision_Technologies=OmniVision Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCormick_Tractors=McCormick Tractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearForest=ClearForest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multicultural_Broadcasting=Multicultural Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuma_Reality_Games=Kuma Reality Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_family=Lord family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA_Oy=DNA Oy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_J._Peterman_Company=The J. Peterman Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aras_Corp=Aras Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh_State_Road_Transport_Corporation=Andhra Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Perfume=World Perfume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prezzo_(restaurant)=Prezzo (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass's_Guide=Glass's Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HD_Ferries=HD Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsson=Betsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Guarantee_Corporation=Australian Guarantee Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headfirst_Productions=Headfirst Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeciBel_Research_Inc.=DeciBel Research Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShoreBank=ShoreBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Mercantile_Exchange=Dubai Mercantile Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermicro=Supermicro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverage_Partners_Worldwide=Beverage Partners Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VDL_Groep=VDL Groep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hathaway_Publishing=Hathaway Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penske_Automotive_Group=Penske Automotive Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Behavior=Urban Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willamette_Valley_Vineyards=Willamette Valley Vineyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_Engineering=Orca Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cor-Bon=Cor-Bon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neusoft=Neusoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouygues_Telecom=Bouygues Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Fitness=LA Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless.com=Endless.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshino_Gakki=Hoshino Gakki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Assurance_Review_Center=Quality Assurance Review Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shri_Mahila_Griha_Udyog_Lijjat_Papad=Shri Mahila Griha Udyog Lijjat Papad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairwood_(restaurant)=Fairwood (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corgi_International=Corgi International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandai_Namco_Games=Bandai Namco Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Home_Centers=Channel Home Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yari_Film_Group=Yari Film Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Sky=Tata Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMC_Electronics=CMC Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreal_Transport_Bane=Boreal Transport Bane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaijin_Entertainment=Gaijin Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nama_Chemicals=Nama Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Lieder_Festival=Oxford Lieder Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondheim_Trafikkselskap=Trondheim Trafikkselskap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marotta=Marotta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Iron=Virtual Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Brown's=Mary Brown's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter-Con_Security=Inter-Con Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXCL_Communications=EXCL Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_Up_Stix=Pick Up Stix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orrcon_Steel=Orrcon Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajisen_Ramen=Ajisen Ramen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KSPG=KSPG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangean=Sangean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jain_Irrigation_Systems=Jain Irrigation Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Trafikk=Team Trafikk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aton_Capital=Aton Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limelight_Networks=Limelight Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond_Map=Hammond Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VisualArt's=VisualArt's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototype_(company)=Prototype (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradigm_(publisher)=Paradigm (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G&G_Entertainment=G&G Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ActiveState=ActiveState
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit_Trust_of_India=Unit Trust of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetair_(Germany)=Jetair (Germany)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnataka_Power_Corporation=Karnataka Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abengoa_Solar=Abengoa Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasair_Aviation=Glasair Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.C._United_Holdings=D.C. United Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_International_Computer=First International Computer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MJ_Designs=MJ Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Springs=Sierra Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria_Yachtbau=Bavaria Yachtbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norges_Televisjon=Norges Televisjon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggen_Food_&_Pharmacy=Haggen Food & Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beistegui_Hermanos=Beistegui Hermanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tbilisi_Aircraft_Manufacturing=Tbilisi Aircraft Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClatchey_Broadcasting=McClatchey Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Line=Collins Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Safe_Company=Cary Safe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerry's_Subs_&_Pizza=Jerry's Subs & Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_27_Clothing=Level 27 Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighborhood_Bike_Works=Neighborhood Bike Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Consolidated_Bank=First Consolidated Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moove=Moove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Recipe_(restaurant)=Secret Recipe (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewson=Jewson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBank=MBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutrexpa=Nutrexpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Co.=Werner Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZootFly=ZootFly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altium=Altium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefebvre_Brewery=Lefebvre Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Oetker=Dr. Oetker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreal_Transport=Boreal Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Office_Zone=Office Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/League_of_Arizona_Cities_and_Towns=League of Arizona Cities and Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLI_Systems=SLI Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Theatrical_Films=CBS Theatrical Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultranet_(company)=Ultranet (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigEplayer=DigEplayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavaria_Brewery_(Colombia)=Bavaria Brewery (Colombia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BSNL_Mobile=BSNL Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushmore_Reviews=Rushmore Reviews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundial_S.A.=Mundial S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducati_Energia=Ducati Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThalesRaytheonSystems=ThalesRaytheonSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyder_(ski_apparel_brand)=Spyder (ski apparel brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess_King=Chess King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell/Agusta_Aerospace_Company=Bell/Agusta Aerospace Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry-Go-Round_(retailer)=Merry-Go-Round (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballarpur_Industries_Limited=Ballarpur Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kessler_Institute_for_Rehabilitation=Kessler Institute for Rehabilitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oslo_Sporveier=Oslo Sporveier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Semiconductor_Limited=Cambridge Semiconductor Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooms_To_Go=Rooms To Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davide_Campari_-_Milano=Davide Campari - Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Rose_Brewery=Wild Rose Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_B_Entertainment=Plan B Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niman_Ranch=Niman Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marfin_Investment_Group=Marfin Investment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Virtual_Charter_School=Pennsylvania Virtual Charter School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneBeacon=OneBeacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbridge_Foam=Woodbridge Foam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davivienda=Davivienda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allens_Boots=Allens Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milo's_Hamburgers=Milo's Hamburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_Sound_and_Vision=Wonderland Sound and Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Life_(Cyprus)=Universal Life (Cyprus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIA3=VIA3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterlite_Technologies=Sterlite Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Free=Q-Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Mail=UK Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CLC_bio=CLC bio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illumina_(company)=Illumina (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitz_Arcade=Blitz Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahoo_Studios=Wahoo Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecopetrol=Ecopetrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terpel=Terpel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETB_(company)=ETB (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argos_S.A.=Argos S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caloi=Caloi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calcomp=Calcomp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rock_Beverages=White Rock Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebra_(pen_manufacturer)=Zebra (pen manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZAP_(motor_company)=ZAP (motor company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Electro-Mechanics=Samsung Electro-Mechanics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vajra_Enterprises=Vajra Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atticus_Clothing=Atticus Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolumbus=Kolumbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobarakeh_Steel_Company=Mobarakeh Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sporveisbussene=Sporveisbussene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unibuss=Unibuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boodle's=Boodle's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stor-Oslo_Lokaltrafikk=Stor-Oslo Lokaltrafikk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuveen_Investments=Nuveen Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_America=Shine America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geni.com=Geni.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founders_Fund=Founders Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winradio=Winradio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_TV=Telus TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bealls_(Texas)=Bealls (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Bomb_Interactive=Smart Bomb Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobina_Norge=Nobina Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beefeater_Grill=Beefeater Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKeough_Supply=McKeough Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Records=Frontier Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_Pictures=Curious Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drammen_og_Omegn_Busslinjer=Drammen og Omegn Busslinjer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuf_Cegetel=Neuf Cegetel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxxford_Clothes=Oxxford Clothes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Patent_Corporation=General Patent Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Genius=Micro Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearon_Publishers=Fearon Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actus_Tragicus_(comics)=Actus Tragicus (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Wilson_Group=Scott Wilson Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnmark_Fylkesrederi_og_Ruteselskap=Finnmark Fylkesrederi og Ruteselskap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vroom_&_Dreesmann=Vroom & Dreesmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordtrafikk=Nordtrafikk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amuze=Amuze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord_(company)=Concord (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_China_Clays=English China Clays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana_Flats=Tijuana Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Heavy_Industries=Sumitomo Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safestyle_UK=Safestyle UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarmac_Group=Tarmac Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuel_Industries=Fuel Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXIS_Telekom_Indonesia=AXIS Telekom Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_Beanery=Coffee Beanery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshtel=Freshtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Fang_Games=Blue Fang Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webtrends=Webtrends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Beer=Cobra Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMC_Isilon=EMC Isilon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syhunt=Syhunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestviken_Kollektivtrafikk=Vestviken Kollektivtrafikk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DF_Music_Organization=DF Music Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenergoatom=Rosenergoatom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carollo_engineers=Carollo engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigMachines=BigMachines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semitool=Semitool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldwater_Creek=Coldwater Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShadowMachine=ShadowMachine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cobra_Group=The Cobra Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIRB=TIRB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citect=Citect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satview_Broadband=Satview Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beobank=Beobank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enstrom_Helicopter_Corporation=Enstrom Helicopter Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tune_Hotels=Tune Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Nordhordland_Rutelag=Bergen Nordhordland Rutelag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polare=Polare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp's_Brewery=Sharp's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J&R=J&R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WE_(clothing)=WE (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CGG_(company)=CGG (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeoEye=GeoEye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronautics_Corporation_of_America=Astronautics Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAKE_Architects=MAKE Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Cultural_Center,_Los_Angeles=Korean Cultural Center, Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Biolabs=New England Biolabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Interactive_Systems=Tata Interactive Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simba_Technologies=Simba Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestone_Walker_Brewing_Company=Firestone Walker Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellius=Cellius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webroot=Webroot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_Sculpt=Z Sculpt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ant_Studios=Big Ant Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinbach_(store)=Steinbach (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippo_Batteries=Nippo Batteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamesys=Gamesys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hahne_and_Company=Hahne and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceana_(nightclub)=Oceana (nightclub)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quickbrowse=Quickbrowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BUF_Compagnie=BUF Compagnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COMVERT_S.r.l.=COMVERT S.r.l.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkberry=Pinkberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SA_Power_Networks=SA Power Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert's_American_Gourmet_Food=Robert's American Gourmet Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realtime_Worlds=Realtime Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Citymail=Bring Citymail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Electronics=Bharat Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._A._Juffali_and_Brothers=E. A. Juffali and Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacmi=Sacmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akita_Shoten=Akita Shoten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppNeta=AppNeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_City_Iron_Works,_Inc.=Oil City Iron Works, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CANARIE=CANARIE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ErAZ=ErAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega_Brands=Mega Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bussen_Trafikkselskap=Bussen Trafikkselskap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticketek=Ticketek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Warriors_of_Norway=Green Warriors of Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Film_Distributors=Entertainment Film Distributors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Airport_Authority=Regina Airport Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_Street=Burger Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GVFX=GVFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defoe_Fournier_&_Cie.=Defoe Fournier & Cie.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCS_&_RDS=RCS & RDS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfax_Media=Fairfax Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilgiris_1905=Nilgiris 1905
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaborative_blog=Collaborative blog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Basics_USA=Food Basics USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezayat=Rezayat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Store_Norske_Spitsbergen_Kulkompani=Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Corripio=Grupo Corripio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifan_Group=Lifan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haynes_Automobile_Company=Haynes Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprite_Animation_Studios=Sprite Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Out_(restaurant)=Cook Out (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpina_Watches=Alpina Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GT_Nexus=GT Nexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Bank_of_Scotland=The Royal Bank of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simsari=Simsari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Dconnexion=3Dconnexion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsnypress=Apsnypress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FairPoint_Communications=FairPoint Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changchun_Film_Group_Corporation=Changchun Film Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartCity_Malta=SmartCity Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartCity,_Kochi=SmartCity, Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehns=Dehns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centene_Corporation=Centene Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappell's=Chappell's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somafone=Somafone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_Shaker=Cult Shaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Express=Chicken Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainless_Games=Stainless Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lettuce_Entertain_You_Enterprises=Lettuce Entertain You Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowry_Digital=Lowry Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorleyParsons=WorleyParsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Sons=Tata Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Media_Group=Prime Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGL_Energy=AGL Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolute_Forest_Products=Resolute Forest Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluworks=Aluworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_Music=Camelot Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excalibur_Almaz=Excalibur Almaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Enterprise_Solutions=Verizon Enterprise Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Five_Racing=Factory Five Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portola_Institute=Portola Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BankMuscat=BankMuscat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baygon=Baygon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teletrax=Teletrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chr._Salvesen_&_Chr._Thams's_Communications_Aktieselskab=Chr. Salvesen & Chr. Thams's Communications Aktieselskab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ditch_Witch=Ditch Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outotec=Outotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax_Studios=Climax Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgutneftegas=Surgutneftegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shougang_Corporation=Shougang Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ando_Media=Ando Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Education_Service_Center=Southeast Education Service Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetInsured=GetInsured
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boylesports=Boylesports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomenergoprom=Atomenergoprom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techsnabexport=Techsnabexport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talarian=Talarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haji_Husein_Alireza_&_Co._Ltd.=Haji Husein Alireza & Co. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenel=Xenel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwestern_Bank=Northwestern Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aline_Systems=Aline Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macecraft_Software=Macecraft Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_Kingdom=Splash Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apex_Learning=Apex Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laemmle_Theatres=Laemmle Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaos_Studios=Kaos Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Worldwide_Exploration=Australian Worldwide Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenon_Limited=Tenon Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxiana_Limited=Oxiana Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Media_Radio=Bell Media Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longo's=Longo's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...instore=...instore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltrock=Saltrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Energy_Systems_of_Ukraine=United Energy Systems of Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Cartridge_Company=Western Cartridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Romania=Ubisoft Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircel=Aircel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Films=BBC Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantrumedia=Tantrumedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alameda_Municipal_Power=Alameda Municipal Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quazal=Quazal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airscoot=Airscoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOR_(company)=AOR (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alinco=Alinco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRE_(company)=GRE (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petron_Corporation=Petron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxman=Luxman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Box_Publishing=Out of the Box Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stride_Rite_Corporation=Stride Rite Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Medical_Optics=Advanced Medical Optics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happier=Happier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartus=Cartus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reject_Shop=Reject Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandesic=Pandesic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proenza_Schouler=Proenza Schouler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourdou-Leseurre=Gourdou-Leseurre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melewar_Corporation=Melewar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telebrands=Telebrands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovcomflot=Sovcomflot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcel_Haiti=Comcel Haiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_Colombia=Claro Colombia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle_Companies=Carlisle Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playwrights'_Center=The Playwrights' Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RateItAll=RateItAll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forestry_Innovation_Investment=Forestry Innovation Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gersh_Agency=The Gersh Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Engineering=Commonwealth Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playmates_Toys=Playmates Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AA_Insurance=AA Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._W._Greener=W. W. Greener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_Aircraft=Europa Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Care_Service_Corporation=Health Care Service Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_de_Boer=Super de Boer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Record_Shop=Free Record Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MS_Mode=MS Mode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Line=Palm Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frasca_International=Frasca International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisleri=Bisleri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Communications=Hughes Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modec=Modec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.I._Joe's=G.I. Joe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babicz_Guitars=Babicz Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perusahaan_Listrik_Negara=Perusahaan Listrik Negara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialog_TV=Dialog TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_&_Easy=Fresh & Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohloff=Rohloff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Steady_Group=Rock Steady Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BSI_Group=BSI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transeuropa_Ferries=Transeuropa Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobjoy_Mint=Pobjoy Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vopak=Vopak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_of_Europe=Ford of Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Sonic=Sea Sonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marico=Marico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligne_Roset=Ligne Roset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDC_Partners=MDC Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scentura=Scentura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Cruise=Sally Cruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Auto_Parts=Advance Auto Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarka_Technologies=Konarka Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_(company)=Edison (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Programming=World Programming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princes_Group=Princes Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Track_International=Track International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowe_Horwath_International=Crowe Horwath International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_Investment_Group=Fortress Investment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Aircraft_Company=Honda Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pivotal_Games=Pivotal Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_N_Trade=Play N Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Systems=T-Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPC_Corporation=CPC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teton_Gravity_Research=Teton Gravity Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeluros=Aeluros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Stanfield_Animation=Gordon Stanfield Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritz-Carlton_Hotel_Company=Ritz-Carlton Hotel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guipuzcoan_Company_of_Caracas=Guipuzcoan Company of Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_University_Press=Edinburgh University Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Rite=X-Rite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gener8Xion_Entertainment=Gener8Xion Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vyrus=Vyrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actual_Entertainment=Actual Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooliris=Cooliris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordham_Company=Fordham Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Courier_Media=Cardinal Courier Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Wave_Systems=D-Wave Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Sport=M-Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPoker=IPoker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_Energy=Contact Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slingshot_(ISP)=Slingshot (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invoke=Invoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventec=Inventec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook_Group=Thomas Cook Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenax=Tenax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConsumerAffairs=ConsumerAffairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yatai_(retail)=Yatai (retail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordish_Company=Cordish Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhejiang_Tailong_Commercial_Bank=Zhejiang Tailong Commercial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_River_Brewing=Trout River Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Art_Brewery=Rock Art Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacer_Stacktrain=Pacer Stacktrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodia_(company)=Rhodia (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Fidelity_HDTV=High Fidelity HDTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacer_International=Pacer International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_System=Alfa System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch_Beverage,_Inc.=Monarch Beverage, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Center=Micro Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airports_of_Thailand=Airports of Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toho_Tenax=Toho Tenax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PEL_(Pakistan)=PEL (Pakistan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Steel=Cold Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasq=Plasq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadjet_Eye_Games=Wadjet Eye Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Systems=M-Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frese_Motorcars=Frese Motorcars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Defenses=Paramount Defenses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleora=Pleora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaStreak=SeaStreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Impact_Games=High Impact Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruma=Gruma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epyon=Epyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Wessanen=Royal Wessanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirtomatic=Flirtomatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeserve=Homeserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvell_Software_Solutions_Israel=Marvell Software Solutions Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansells_Brewery=Ansells Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlatinumGames=PlatinumGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarre_Corporation=Navarre Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Food_Laws_and_Regulations=Institute for Food Laws and Regulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Sport=Dunlop Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Compress_Industrial_Group=Iran Compress Industrial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Pulp_&_Paper=Asia Pulp & Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOT_(Thailand)=TOT (Thailand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazztel=Jazztel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROTH_Capital_Partners=ROTH Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waggener_Edstrom_Communications=Waggener Edstrom Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godolphin_Stables=Godolphin Stables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Construction=Turner Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Telephone_Cooperative_(Oklahoma)=Pioneer Telephone Cooperative (Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramis=Pyramis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Chemicals_Europe=Tata Chemicals Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiribiri=Chiribiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_Sound_Production=Anime Sound Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Automobile_Company=Lambert Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eolith_(company)=Eolith (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICICI_Lombard=ICICI Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draim=Draim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyani_Group=Kalyani Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A123_Systems=A123 Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Point_Entertainment_Group=Peace Point Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protected_Harvest=Protected Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Shoe_Company=West Coast Shoe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluency_Voice_Technology=Fluency Voice Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penton_(professional_information_services)=Penton (professional information services)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Coal_Energy_Company=Siberian Coal Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Montpellier=Ubisoft Montpellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_and_Selby_Railway=Leeds and Selby Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_and_Selby_Railway=Hull and Selby Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCI_Communities=WCI Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Republic=Game Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THF_Realty=THF Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruner_+_Jahr=Gruner + Jahr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Sport_Motors=Glass Sport Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telescreen_(company)=Telescreen (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RISN_Operations=RISN Operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Barcelona=Ubisoft Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightstorm_Entertainment=Lightstorm Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinTech_Racing=WinTech Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Boatworks=Hudson Boatworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_Service=Triangle Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illovo_Sugar=Illovo Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Station&Service=DB Station&Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shagang_Group=Shagang Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSH_Communications_Security=SSH Communications Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velbon=Velbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rea_Vipingo=Rea Vipingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProSlide_Technology=ProSlide Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirius_XM_Holdings=Sirius XM Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunRiver_Data_Systems=SunRiver Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acuity_Brands=Acuity Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permodalan_Nasional_Berhad=Permodalan Nasional Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongsberg_Maritime=Kongsberg Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokeby_Stables=Rokeby Stables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKG_Acoustics=AKG Acoustics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_and_Mighty_(clothing)=High and Mighty (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VFinity=VFinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engels_Maps=Engels Maps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netmarble_Games=Netmarble Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DirecTV=DirecTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigiOn=DigiOn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voipfone=Voipfone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggregate_Industries=Aggregate Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warashi=Warashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyberConnect2=CyberConnect2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Again=Look Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Rent_a_Car=Advantage Rent a Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Pacific_Health=Hawaii Pacific Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metronom_Eisenbahngesellschaft=Metronom Eisenbahngesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Television_Distribution=CBS Television Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuana_Beer=Tijuana Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_National_Rail_Administration=Norwegian National Rail Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPC_Ireland=UPC Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_One_of_Those=I Want One of Those
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Found_Aircraft=Found Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Highland=North Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EasyGroup=EasyGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concha_y_Toro=Concha y Toro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RegisterFly=RegisterFly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Way_Technologies=Best Way Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordis_(medical)=Cordis (medical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutrisystem=Nutrisystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paspaley=Paspaley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audiokinetic=Audiokinetic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Moon_Studios=High Moon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraya_Aqaba=Saraya Aqaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibbett_Sports=Hibbett Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hama_Photo=Hama Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottogi=Ottogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Wernicke=Globe Wernicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ace_Communication_Group=Ace Communication Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAMA-GO=GAMA-GO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLIR_Systems=FLIR Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plug_Power=Plug Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cafaro_Company=Cafaro Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Place=The Children's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_Pharmaceuticals=Vital Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jive_(publisher)=Jive (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HWW_Limited=HWW Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viscount_(musical_instrument_manufacturer)=Viscount (musical instrument manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volant_skis=Volant skis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVDXpress=DVDXpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemaitis_Guitars=Zemaitis Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitware=Kitware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spie_Batignolles=Spie Batignolles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's_Stores=Bob's Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter's,_Inc.=Carter's, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Water,_Light_&_Power=City Water, Light & Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtusa=Virtusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Staffordshire_Water=South Staffordshire Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MisterCertified=MisterCertified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohn_Industries=Rohn Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_Computing=Motion Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhoades_Car=Rhoades Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacesetter_Systems=Pacesetter Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Insight_Yellow_Pages=Local Insight Yellow Pages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoveround=Hoveround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Person's_Sons=C. Person's Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azercell=Azercell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Pharmahandel=Phoenix Pharmahandel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HydroSerre_Mirabel=HydroSerre Mirabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visionintoart=Visionintoart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betfred=Betfred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouwfonds=Bouwfonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manheim_Auctions=Manheim Auctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIAS=BIAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilchota_Alimentos=Chilchota Alimentos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujtesa=Kujtesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contratto=Contratto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QBE_Insurance=QBE Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delcam=Delcam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizenre=Citizenre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Logic=Plastic Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Better_Badge=A Better Badge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lundin_Petroleum=Lundin Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plectron=Plectron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuota=Kuota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yusuf_Bin_Ahmed_Kanoo=Yusuf Bin Ahmed Kanoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indomie=Indomie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interros=Interros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kier_Group=Kier Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STec,_Inc.=STec, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprouts_Farmers_Market=Sprouts Farmers Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dey_Brothers=Dey Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATTO_Technology=ATTO Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medac=Medac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garlando=Garlando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saru_Brunei=Saru Brunei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooney_Aviation_Company=Mooney Aviation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cost_Plus,_Inc.=Cost Plus, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruker=Bruker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBE_Entertainment_Group=SBE Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herff_Jones=Herff Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Ranch=Pizza Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niloak_Pottery=Niloak Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_Broadcasting_Corporation=Nation Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._B._Joyce_&_Co=J. B. Joyce & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMCARA_Broadcasting_Network=AMCARA Broadcasting Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimmer_(automobile)=Zimmer (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copa_Holdings=Copa Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_Design_Partnership=Building Design Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendall_&_Sons_Ltd=Kendall & Sons Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroImages,_Inc.=MicroImages, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetra_Pak=Tetra Pak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SofTech,_Inc.=SofTech, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvenergo=Latvenergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermo_Fisher_Scientific=Thermo Fisher Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lietuvos_Energija=Lietuvos Energija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebuyer=Ebuyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batanga_Media=Batanga Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shoe_Company=The Shoe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._C._Newman_Cigar_Company=J. C. Newman Cigar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MiTAC=MiTAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Farms_(poultry_company)=Foster Farms (poultry company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Farms_Dairy=Foster Farms Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notcutts=Notcutts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otter_Tail_Corporation=Otter Tail Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Aluminum=Asia Aluminum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axtel=Axtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seguros_Universal=Seguros Universal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEFA_Film_Library=DEFA Film Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jebsen_Group=Jebsen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSV_(company)=DSV (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeplus=Homeplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Mart=Lotte Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RapidMind=RapidMind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuscan_Dairy_Farms=Tuscan Dairy Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Brothers_&_Rudd=Berry Brothers & Rudd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zesto_Drive-In=Zesto Drive-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Montreal=EA Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Impact_Pro=Full Impact Pro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Ico=Team Ico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Group=Hero Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_Entertainments=Merlin Entertainments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iver_Johnson=Iver Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni-President_Enterprises_Corporation=Uni-President Enterprises Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMillan_(agency)=McMillan (agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Coast=China Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Road_Transport_Corporation=Kerala State Road Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Development_Company=Hyundai Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geer-Melkus_Construction=Geer-Melkus Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartered_Institute_of_Logistics_and_Transport_in_the_UK=Chartered Institute of Logistics and Transport in the UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FujiGen=FujiGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Samho_Heavy_Industries=Hyundai Samho Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip-Top_Restaurant=Tip-Top Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McWane=McWane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sling_Media=Sling Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songa_Offshore=Songa Offshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappell_&_Co.=Chappell & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logistics_Health_Incorporated=Logistics Health Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Theory=Ninja Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollard_Group=Hollard Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafuma=Lafuma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARM_Cement_Limited=ARM Cement Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIV_Vaccine_Trials_Network=HIV Vaccine Trials Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin's_Potato_Chips=Martin's Potato Chips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbu_Firearms=Serbu Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sells_Ltd=Sells Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasini_Tea_&_Coffee=Sasini Tea & Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_and_Chemical_Industry_Corporation=Mechanical and Chemical Industry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Bank=Turkish Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbacid_Investments=Carbacid Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GReddy=GReddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksons_Stores=Jacksons Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_Cuttery=Hair Cuttery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torpex_Games=Torpex Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Publishing_Company=Sun Publishing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBS_Kraftfahrzeugtechnik=BBS Kraftfahrzeugtechnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Molecule=Media Molecule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonderie_Olive=Fonderie Olive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynex_Semiconductor=Dynex Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Virginia_University_Press=West Virginia University Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_County_Newspapers=South County Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Castparts_Corp.=Precision Castparts Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Library_House=Library House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafotechna=Grafotechna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektro-Slovenija=Elektro-Slovenija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holding_Slovenske_elektrarne=Holding Slovenske elektrarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrol_Group=Petrol Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_&_Country_Housing_Limited=Coast & Country Housing Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatska_elektroprivreda=Hrvatska elektroprivreda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TicketCity=TicketCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoonami=Zoonami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrent_Systems=Torrent Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THQ_Studio_Australia=THQ Studio Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonyfield_Farm=Stonyfield Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Bakery=United States Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Manufacturing_UK=Toyota Manufacturing UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferfrans=Ferfrans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Cruises=Thomson Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CGP_(books)=CGP (books)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_Al-Handasah=Dar Al-Handasah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_(company)=Success (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vip_mobile=Vip mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shri_Atmanand_Jain_Institute_of_Management_and_Technology=Shri Atmanand Jain Institute of Management and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitter=Twitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OEM_International=OEM International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Television=So Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIVE_(ISP)=HIVE (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Realty_Trust=Cedar Realty Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Ventures_International=Film Ventures International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microtech_Knives=Microtech Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ODesk=ODesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinitum_Nihil=Infinitum Nihil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SG_Automotive=SG Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Golf=Cleveland Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wolfskin=Jack Wolfskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Company_of_Zimbabwe=Cotton Company of Zimbabwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Air_(Cayman_Islands)=Island Air (Cayman Islands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorthSouth_Productions=NorthSouth Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkansas_Business_Publishing_Group=Arkansas Business Publishing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rigby_&_Company=John Rigby & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumbleweed_Communications=Tumbleweed Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Day_of_Work=Last Day of Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Industries=American Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Corporation=Delta Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staple_Design=Staple Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Autolease=Lex Autolease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit_Semiconductor=Orbit Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bene_AG=Bene AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colcom_Foods=Colcom Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnex_Scientific=Magnex Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euronics=Euronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_India=Mercedes-Benz India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifetouch=Lifetouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genealogical_Society_of_Utah=Genealogical Society of Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_on_State_Taxation=Council on State Taxation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budcat_Creations=Budcat Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agency_for_the_Performing_Arts=Agency for the Performing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housing_and_Commerce_Bank=Housing and Commerce Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcanair=Vulcanair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ColcaSac=ColcaSac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapfre=Mapfre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelodge_UK=Travelodge UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exclusive_Books=Exclusive Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilka=Bilka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excel_Entertainment=Excel Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimplow_Limited=Zimplow Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almarai=Almarai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Element_Yachts=Element Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NSK_Ltd.=NSK Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Communication_Service=United Communication Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greenbrier_Companies=The Greenbrier Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntreev_Soft=Ntreev Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTZ_Certified=UTZ Certified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diatone=Diatone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_for_Analytical_Psychology=International Association for Analytical Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodman_Games=Goodman Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Property_Trust=Liberty Property Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitamin_World=Vitamin World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telenor_Maritim_Radio=Telenor Maritim Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medifast=Medifast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Memorial_International_Foundation=Gandhi Memorial International Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinamilk=Vinamilk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geosign=Geosign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._L._Clark_Company=D. L. Clark Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Rig=Ocean Rig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC_Tools_(company)=PC Tools (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EHealthInsurance=EHealthInsurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inno=Inno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hampshire_Film_and_Television_Office=New Hampshire Film and Television Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Grove_Productions=Cedar Grove Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambers_stove=Chambers stove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeidelbergCement=HeidelbergCement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-1_Pictures=A-1 Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transportes_Moctezuma_de_la_Laguna=Transportes Moctezuma de la Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Viking_Line=Royal Viking Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellspring_Retreat_and_Resource_Center=Wellspring Retreat and Resource Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norse_Merchant_Ferries=Norse Merchant Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menu_Foods=Menu Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Wah=Wing Wah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennedy/Marshall_Company=The Kennedy/Marshall Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comp_Air=Comp Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StormRegion=StormRegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexton=Nexton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Radio_Company=Japan Radio Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Electronics=Fisher Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fushun_Mining_Group=Fushun Mining Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viru_Keemia_Grupp=Viru Keemia Grupp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misko=Misko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenhua_Group=Shenhua Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChinaCoal=ChinaCoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.F.S.K._Hom_Tov=A.F.S.K. Hom Tov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Furniture_Warehouse=United Furniture Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singtel_Mobile=Singtel Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valco=Valco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Commodity_Exchange=Multi Commodity Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_The_Costumiers=Angels The Costumiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chr._Hansen=Chr. Hansen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinvest=Sinvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Administrative_Management=Institute of Administrative Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Peak=Gold Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromarine=Aeromarine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall-Scott=Hall-Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_(bakery)=Paul (bakery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyft=Lyft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Dearborn_Partners=Madison Dearborn Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&B_Italia=B&B Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Broadcasting_Corporation=My Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumamoto_City_Transportation_Bureau=Kumamoto City Transportation Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetroLink_(Halifax)=MetroLink (Halifax)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuguru=Vuguru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsubishi_Department_Store=Matsubishi Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okayama_Electric_Tramway=Okayama Electric Tramway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMFTC,_Inc.=PMFTC, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friskies_PetCare_Company=Friskies PetCare Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meizu=Meizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Television_Stations=CBS Television Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Games=Eden Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtel_Bangladesh=Airtel Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HLL_Lifecare=HLL Lifecare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkin_&_Sons=Wilkin & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CODESUP=CODESUP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_Treasury_Professional=Certified Treasury Professional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermudez_Biscuit_Company=Bermudez Biscuit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Chocolate_Factory=Rocky Mountain Chocolate Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Univision_Communications=Univision Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otokar=Otokar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A21,_Inc.=A21, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makino=Makino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lounsbury_Foods=Lounsbury Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Freedom_Mortgage=American Freedom Mortgage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raleigh_Bicycle_Company=Raleigh Bicycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Council_on_Exercise=American Council on Exercise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatena_(company)=Hatena (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Builders=Information Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_Engine=Image Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softtek=Softtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Works=Frontier Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osgood_Company=Osgood Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethesda_Game_Studios=Bethesda Game Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Forge=Bharat Forge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carso_Global_Telecom=Carso Global Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andor_Technology=Andor Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Hotels_International=Regal Hotels International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleet_Canada=Fleet Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portland_Group=The Portland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitome_Pictures=Epitome Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohmstede_Limited=Ohmstede Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldcell=Moldcell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_MovieFest=Campus MovieFest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GPT_Group=GPT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Graphics=Global Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breeze_Publications=Breeze Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeuroSky=NeuroSky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biostar=Biostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azizi_Bank=Azizi Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDUN=EDUN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purkinje_Incorporated=Purkinje Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Canada_Inc.=Disney Canada Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Technical_Institute=Universal Technical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divya_Prabha_Eye_Hospital=Divya Prabha Eye Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Management_Consulting_Group=Management Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SB_Creative=SB Creative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBA_(food_retail)=CBA (food retail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emirates_Group=The Emirates Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnata=Dnata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.CO_Donuts=J.CO Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_Bean_Bears=Coffee Bean Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Christian_Radio=Northern Christian Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freed_of_London=Freed of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choices_Market=Choices Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariner_Software=Mariner Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leoni_AG=Leoni AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zongshen=Zongshen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Robert_McAlpine=Sir Robert McAlpine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morfik=Morfik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_House_Entertainment=Hot House Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitson_(store)=Kitson (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BP_Solar=BP Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Al_Khaimah_Free_Trade_Zone=Ras Al Khaimah Free Trade Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connector_Motorways=Connector Motorways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_Austin=Ethel Austin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Construction_Company=Hindustan Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abraaj_Group=The Abraaj Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamar_Advertising_Company=Lamar Advertising Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirose_Electric_Group=Hirose Electric Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark_element14=Newark element14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buehler_Food_Markets_Inc.=Buehler Food Markets Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shemaroo_Entertainment=Shemaroo Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSB_News=CSB News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plitt_Theatres=Plitt Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alterface=Alterface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gleistein=Gleistein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Systems_Resources=Digital Systems Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STV_AS=STV AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_newspapers_(Wisconsin)=Community newspapers (Wisconsin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horry_Telephone_Cooperative=Horry Telephone Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma_Alimentos=Sigma Alimentos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiceworks=Spiceworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekel=Tekel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRBC=PRBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AS_Starman=AS Starman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varian_Semiconductor=Varian Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumobi=Zumobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RadiOrakel=RadiOrakel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport_Initiatives_Edinburgh=Transport Initiatives Edinburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_Foods=Flowers Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Steel_Mills=Oregon Steel Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decca_Label_Group=Decca Label Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Technology_Management=New Technology Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klim_(clothing)=Klim (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Newspapers=Capital Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Films=GMA Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Mobile_Holdings_Limited=New World Mobile Holdings Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Digital_Group=4 Digital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitroplus=Nitroplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavorite_Ice_Cream=Flavorite Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zetnet=Zetnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keppel_TatLee_Bank=Keppel TatLee Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Pastors_Network=Global Pastors Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_B._Johnson=Richard B. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Entertainment=General Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Aircraft_Engines=Walter Aircraft Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Dynamite=Groupe Dynamite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garage_(clothing_retailer)=Garage (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinsyde=Martinsyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diffusion_Pictures=Diffusion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeeWorld=WeeWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everex=Everex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabur_Printing_Press=Sabur Printing Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVS_Health=CVS Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serum_Institute_of_India=Serum Institute of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filippa_K=Filippa K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assam_State_Transport_Corporation=Assam State Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APriori_Capital_Partners=APriori Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squirrel_Systems=Squirrel Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_New_Star=Henderson New Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/0verflow=0verflow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paladin_Energy=Paladin Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Communications_and_Information_Technology_(India)=Ministry of Communications and Information Technology (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smarties_Candy_Company=Smarties Candy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leitner-Poma=Leitner-Poma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cision=Cision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayala_Land=Ayala Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dektor_Counterintelligence_and_Security=Dektor Counterintelligence and Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boingo_Wireless=Boingo Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TC_Electronic=TC Electronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subhiksha=Subhiksha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBay_Enterprise=EBay Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshman_Guitars=Freshman Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottin_&_Desgouttes=Cottin & Desgouttes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry's_Giant_Subs=Larry's Giant Subs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Dynamics=Integrated Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TJ_Morris=TJ Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Cars=Virgin Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stomil_Olsztyn_(company)=Stomil Olsztyn (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Stealth_Productions=Deep Stealth Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_Societies_Association=Building Societies Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silversea_Cruises=Silversea Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnebago_Industries=Winnebago Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farm_Progress=Farm Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Expressway_Corporation=Korea Expressway Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardex_GmbH=Ardex GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_State_Petroleum_Corporation=Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chooks_Fresh_&_Tasty=Chooks Fresh & Tasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_Telecommunications_International=Hutchison Telecommunications International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikken_Sekkei=Nikken Sekkei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Amazers=Post Amazers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Agop_Cymbals=Istanbul Agop Cymbals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokring_Technology=Lokring Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bathing_Ape=A Bathing Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaeger-LeCoultre=Jaeger-LeCoultre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malmaison_(hotel_chain)=Malmaison (hotel chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Construction_Data=Reed Construction Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emory_Marketing_Institute=Emory Marketing Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovation_Center_Denmark=Innovation Center Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wing_Zone=Wing Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xella=Xella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Auctions=Heritage Auctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LI-COR_Biosciences=LI-COR Biosciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Health_Care=Aurora Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triad_Broadcasting=Triad Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberto_Sausage_Company=Oberto Sausage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Lake_Partners=Silver Lake Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybridon=Hybridon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognio=Cognio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TotalTV=TotalTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TelVue=TelVue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionian_Technologies=Ionian Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Micro_Inc=Space Micro Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Visual=Pink Visual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erickson_Inc.=Erickson Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valora_(company)=Valora (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IZotope=IZotope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abgent=Abgent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panerai=Panerai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Superferry=Hawaii Superferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Orchards=Liberty Orchards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genista_Corporation=Genista Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_News_Service=Baltic News Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydvaranger=Sydvaranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEPA=DEPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certain_Affinity=Certain Affinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-Cube=C-Cube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monongahela_and_Ohio_Steam_Boat_Company=Monongahela and Ohio Steam Boat Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearstone_Venture_Partners=Clearstone Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagoba_Chocolate=Dagoba Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestone_Diamonds=Firestone Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranhill_Berhad=Ranhill Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D_B_Corp_Ltd.=D B Corp Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Source=Lightning Source
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novabase=Novabase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACN_Inc.=ACN Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IIT_Research_Institute=IIT Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vecima_Networks=Vecima Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Morton_Worldwide=Jack Morton Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overture_Films=Overture Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skilled_Group=Skilled Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caruso_Affiliated=Caruso Affiliated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVM_Productions=AVM Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeLife=FreeLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTS_Systems_Corporation=MTS Systems Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umpqua_Research_Company=Umpqua Research Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumasa=Rumasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Books4cars=Books4cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTN_Irancell=MTN Irancell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_American_Services_Corp.=Native American Services Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yattendon_Group=Yattendon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_TV_LLC=Local TV LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyko=Nyko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Cruises=Louis Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frikom=Frikom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Association_of_Graduate_Employers=Australian Association of Graduate Employers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRGDN=GRGDN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55DSL=55DSL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perceptive_Pixel=Perceptive Pixel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoffeeCup_Software=CoffeeCup Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChemAxon=ChemAxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JEOL=JEOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwatsu_Electric=Iwatsu Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Motor_Company=Hope Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDIL=HDIL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darty=Darty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroplus=Petroplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnAir_(telecommunications)=OnAir (telecommunications)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_International=Gale International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zions_Bancorporation=Zions Bancorporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiffage=Eiffage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyohashi_Railroad=Toyohashi Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXL=EXL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merit_Energy_Company=Merit Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDVIP=MDVIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabot_Corporation=Cabot Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keek=Keek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile_Australia=Virgin Mobile Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicor_Music_Corporation=Vicor Music Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creation_Entertainment=Creation Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premera_Blue_Cross=Premera Blue Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kintetsu_Department_Store=Kintetsu Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Parcs_UK=Center Parcs UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpinestars=Alpinestars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Hitachi_Construction_Machinery=Tata Hitachi Construction Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/42_Entertainment=42 Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odakyu_Group=Odakyu Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Raudtee=Eesti Raudtee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paperny_Entertainment=Paperny Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_West=Nine West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Whirled_Music=Wild Whirled Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NightOwl_Convenience_Stores=NightOwl Convenience Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Racing=Fox Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trident_Seafoods=Trident Seafoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasim_Industries=Grasim Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olam_International=Olam International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Alenia_Space=Thales Alenia Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPG_Photonics=IPG Photonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenTable=OpenTable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HINA=HINA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affinity_Gaming=Affinity Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Productora_de_Software=Productora de Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpla=Alpla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dignity_Health=Dignity Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimension_Data_Holdings=Dimension Data Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igloo_Products_Corporation=Igloo Products Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitsos=Pitsos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cary_Audio_Design=Cary Audio Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_Cable=Source Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Blass_Limited=Bill Blass Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galliker's=Galliker's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WestHost=WestHost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esther_Benjamins_Trust=Esther Benjamins Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Hobbs=Russell Hobbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diversified_Technology,_Inc.=Diversified Technology, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Smith's=Mrs. Smith's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayngaran_International=Ayngaran International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OLX=OLX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Russe_(clothing_retailer)=Charlotte Russe (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambeef_Products=Zambeef Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Caughey's=Smith & Caughey's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satelight=Satelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olan_Mills=Olan Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inome=Inome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Lutyens=Campbell Lutyens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onida_Electronics=Onida Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Interface_North_America=Open Interface North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Tree_DNA=Family Tree DNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicor=Epicor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Antarctic_Centre=International Antarctic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulman_&_Company=Hulman & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newspoll=Newspoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azermarka=Azermarka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilesat=Nilesat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire_Radio_Network=Yorkshire Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young's_Bluecrest=Young's Bluecrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nova_Equipment=Terra Nova Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Group=Ross Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilion_Animation_Studios=Ilion Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_(company)=Eureka (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigor_Gaming=Vigor Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenue_(store)=Avenue (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascension_Health=Ascension Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Electric_Industries=Sumitomo Electric Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxie's_Grill_&_Bar=Moxie's Grill & Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earls_(restaurant_chain)=Earls (restaurant chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elpida_Memory=Elpida Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Georgia=Bank of Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_Island_SeaLink=Kangaroo Island SeaLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alten8=Alten8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tachikawa_Aircraft_Company_Ltd=Tachikawa Aircraft Company Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchamp_(clothing)=Duchamp (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Citizens_BancShares=First Citizens BancShares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele_Time=Tele Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Bank_of_Commerce=International Bank of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Express=Thai Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merisant=Merisant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pars_Online=Pars Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Health_(company)=American Health (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XTO_Energy=XTO Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithia_Motors=Lithia Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Interactive=Infinite Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Software=Panorama Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualstar=Qualstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Partners=Global Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telepizza=Telepizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohan_(clothing)=Rohan (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beazer_Homes_USA=Beazer Homes USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_Stock_Exchange=Armenian Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinfari=Pinfari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bemis_Company=Bemis Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Eastern_Life=Great Eastern Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Anil_Dhirubhai_Ambani_Group=Reliance Anil Dhirubhai Ambani Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transgaz=Transgaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgargaz=Bulgargaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RS_Components=RS Components
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remote_Control_Productions=Remote Control Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recon_Optical=Recon Optical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qwest_Interprise_America=Qwest Interprise America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heisey_Glass_Company=Heisey Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teyon=Teyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destan_Entertainment=Destan Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novozymes=Novozymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment.ie=Entertainment.ie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caran_d'Ache_(company)=Caran d'Ache (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimensional_Fund_Advisors=Dimensional Fund Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletronuclear=Eletronuclear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_or_Die=Funny or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flensburger_Schiffbau-Gesellschaft=Flensburger Schiffbau-Gesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henny_Penny_(manufacturer)=Henny Penny (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onitsuka_Tiger=Onitsuka Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nau_(clothing_retailer)=Nau (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Consumer_Products=Disney Consumer Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuBiel_Arms_Company=DuBiel Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Wireless=Liberty Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameswizards=Gameswizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cospa=Cospa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transelectrica=Transelectrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klei_Entertainment=Klei Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Thornton_International=Grant Thornton International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oltchim_S.A.=Oltchim S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KxK_Guitars=KxK Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantus_Verkehrsgesellschaft=Cantus Verkehrsgesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Capital_LLP=Lion Capital LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillside_Family_of_Agencies=Hillside Family of Agencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Potash=Arab Potash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Pharmaceutical_Manufacturing=Arab Pharmaceutical Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carriage_House_Studios=Carriage House Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misys=Misys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldens'_Foundry=Goldens' Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_RAO=Inter RAO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Daly_firearms=Charles Daly firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayliner=Bayliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artistic_Media_Partners=Artistic Media Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaneva=Kaneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Financial_Services=Siemens Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medarex=Medarex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FINCA_International=FINCA International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Garden=Country Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolff_Olins=Wolff Olins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIN_Corporation=WIN Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Moldova=Orange Moldova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_Microchip=Genesis Microchip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chair_Entertainment=Chair Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achaia_Channel=Achaia Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MercurySteam=MercurySteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Waste_Industries=Allied Waste Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_Television=Maverick Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabai_Films=Mirabai Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merix_Corporation=Merix Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agassiz_Brewing=Agassiz Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Clark's=Crazy Clark's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Kabul_Bank=New Kabul Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SHPS=SHPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eslite_Bookstore=Eslite Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASSOCHAM=ASSOCHAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vero_Software=Vero Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiherstieg_Schiffswerfte_&_Maschinenfabrik=Reiherstieg Schiffswerfte & Maschinenfabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jil_Sander_(brand)=Jil Sander (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Beverage_Company=Solo Beverage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopping.com=Shopping.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Books=Crown Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquent=Aquent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Ceramic_Industries=Jordan Ceramic Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Phosphate_Mines=Jordan Phosphate Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_Group=Malcolm Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FEI_Company=FEI Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabissa=Kabissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Telecom=Iowa Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marukome=Marukome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nederlander_Organization=Nederlander Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follett_Corporation=Follett Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beenox=Beenox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Casino_&_Entertainment_Properties=American Casino & Entertainment Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Week_Ireland=Science Week Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blimey!_Games=Blimey! Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAD_Data_Communications=RAD Data Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemtura=Chemtura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Products=Genius Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthways=Healthways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaveEasy=SaveEasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarTrack=StarTrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRECA=TRECA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunPower=SunPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planeta_DeAgostini=Planeta DeAgostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PiP_Animation_Services=PiP Animation Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logoworks=Logoworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neafie_&_Levy=Neafie & Levy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADTRAN=ADTRAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Artisan_Parfumeur=L'Artisan Parfumeur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condusiv_Technologies=Condusiv Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Kirloskar_Motor=Toyota Kirloskar Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Business_Communicators=International Association of Business Communicators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Box_Corporation=Black Box Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosch_Rexroth=Bosch Rexroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Solar=First Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airspan=Airspan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Burrell_&_Sons=Charles Burrell & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hardy_(jewelry)=John Hardy (jewelry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drobo=Drobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Wisconsin_Hospital_and_Clinics=University of Wisconsin Hospital and Clinics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agora_Games=Agora Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurazeo=Eurazeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NicOx=NicOx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OAO_TMK=OAO TMK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2(x)ist=2(x)ist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Auto_Vehicle_Company=Detroit Auto Vehicle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHX_Media=DHX Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/192.com=192.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanseido=Sanseido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris-Craft=Chris-Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fotolia=Fotolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vudu=Vudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_(television_channel)=Cosmos (television channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._R._Case_&_Sons_Cutlery_Co.=W. R. Case & Sons Cutlery Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janssen-Fritsen=Janssen-Fritsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexcare=Nexcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safevote=Safevote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunet_(pharmacy)=Brunet (pharmacy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomato_Records=Tomato Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accurate_Miniatures=Accurate Miniatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Management_&_Technology_Consultants=Diamond Management & Technology Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biltema=Biltema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenga_(masturbation_toy)=Tenga (masturbation toy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayford_&_Co=Bayford & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAI_Ambrosini=SAI Ambrosini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolson=Dolson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_Lottery=Maryland Lottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadranski_naftovod=Jadranski naftovod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/32Red=32Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mt._Olive_Pickle_Company=Mt. Olive Pickle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selgros=Selgros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joe_Company=St. Joe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Professional=Fiat Professional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EchoSign=EchoSign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumbleweed_Tex_Mex_Grill_&_Margarita_Bar=Tumbleweed Tex Mex Grill & Margarita Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamenauts=Gamenauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evia_Oyj=Evia Oyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher-Price=Fisher-Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_Interactive=Legacy Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Institute_of_Steel_Construction=American Institute of Steel Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QSC_AG=QSC AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sh-K-Boom_Records=Sh-K-Boom Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ddrum=Ddrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Boulder=Historic Boulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_Foods=Festival Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network-i=Network-i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eveready_East_Africa=Eveready East Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron's_Brewing_Company=Cameron's Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_the_South=Bank of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenny's_Sub_Shop=Lenny's Sub Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bricolage=Mr. Bricolage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BauMax=BauMax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumper_Nic=Pumper Nic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornbach_(hypermarket)=Hornbach (hypermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast_Interactive_Media=Comcast Interactive Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAPNA_Group=MAPNA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FortisBC=FortisBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ternium=Ternium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaiku=Jaiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damiani_(jewelry_company)=Damiani (jewelry company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodity_Broking_Services=Commodity Broking Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ediciones_Ekare=Ediciones Ekare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABU_QIR_Fertilizers_and_Chemicals_Industries_Company=ABU QIR Fertilizers and Chemicals Industries Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneficial_Bank=Beneficial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roller_Derby_(brand)=Roller Derby (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditi_Technologies=Aditi Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abengoa=Abengoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinton_Insurance=Swinton Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Networx-BG=Networx-BG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leister_Technologies=Leister Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusk_(hair_care)=Rusk (hair care)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee's_Drive-In=Dee's Drive-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-market=C-market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott's_Frozen_Custard=Abbott's Frozen Custard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helzberg_Diamonds=Helzberg Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argo_Investments=Argo Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Tony's_Kebabs=Uncle Tony's Kebabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MStar_Semiconductor=MStar Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgestone_Golf=Bridgestone Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_Films=Revelation Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ORT_(TV_channel)=ORT (TV channel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emu_Downs_Wind_Farm=Emu Downs Wind Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jr._Food_Stores=Jr. Food Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq_National_Oil_Company=Iraq National Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globeride=Globeride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acheloos_TV=Acheloos TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriva_UK_Trains=Arriva UK Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Pacific_Hotels_and_Resorts=Pan Pacific Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressive_Black_&_Journalists=Progressive Black & Journalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adacel=Adacel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Wildlife_Service=Kenya Wildlife Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._D._Moody_&_Sons,_Inc.=M. D. Moody & Sons, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marketwired=Marketwired
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Brewing_Company=Dixie Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_Corporation=Dundee Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_L._Scott=John L. Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Council_on_Renewable_Energy=American Council on Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oromia_International_Bank=Oromia International Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGEod=AGEod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasty_Bite=Tasty Bite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frogwares=Frogwares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincraft=Lincraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Bank_(Philippines)=Green Bank (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbound_Creative,_Inc.=Unbound Creative, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Petroleum_(Faroe_Islands)=Atlantic Petroleum (Faroe Islands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Flavour=Strange Flavour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abita_Brewing_Company=Abita Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackett_(automobile)=Hackett (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eushully=Eushully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmatro=Holmatro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_Film_Studios=Boss Film Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jat_Tehnika=Jat Tehnika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County_Drum_and_Percussion=Orange County Drum and Percussion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueWare=BlueWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_HealthCare=Genesis HealthCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unite_Students=Unite Students
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSI_Seminars=PSI Seminars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbycraft=Hobbycraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFDS_Lisco=DFDS Lisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hhgregg=Hhgregg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialog_Broadband_Networks=Dialog Broadband Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Hern_Books=Nick Hern Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_Group=Traffic Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitika=Chitika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Star_Entertainment_Group=China Star Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful+Gould=Faithful+Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Toys_Company=Duncan Toys Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonata_Software=Sonata Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shareasale=Shareasale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerstlauer=Gerstlauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phison=Phison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse~Link=Pulse~Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualys=Qualys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkdean_Holidays=Parkdean Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoodRadio.TV=GoodRadio.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchor_Bay_Entertainment=Anchor Bay Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Color=Central Color
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heilig-Meyers=Heilig-Meyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transpetro=Transpetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regionalbus_Lenzburg_AG=Regionalbus Lenzburg AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Federal_Bank=Home Federal Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvijas_Pasts=Latvijas Pasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Schwab_Company=S. Schwab Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Health_Systems=Vanguard Health Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Sindall_Group=Morgan Sindall Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletronorte=Eletronorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Studios=Zen Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oatfield_(confectioner)=Oatfield (confectioner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motul_(company)=Motul (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USANA_Health_Sciences=USANA Health Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skelly_Oil=Skelly Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huff-Daland_Aero_Corporation=Huff-Daland Aero Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mu_Dynamics=Mu Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Cleveland_Film_Commission=Greater Cleveland Film Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_World=Local World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_(automobile)=Harrison (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahon=Dahon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inmet_Mining=Inmet Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichle_&_De-Massari=Reichle & De-Massari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icelandic_New_Energy=Icelandic New Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kresge-Newark=Kresge-Newark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicorp=Alicorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K2_Snowboards=K2 Snowboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotfire=Spotfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giantsteps=Giantsteps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_World_(company)=Perfect World (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carratu_International=Carratu International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIGG=SIGG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurostars_Hotels=Eurostars Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MultiService_Forum=MultiService Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatneft=Tatneft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikanos_Communications=Ikanos Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaboose=Kaboose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heatons=Heatons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Models=Ford Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manx_Telecom=Manx Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Energy=Red Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Theatre=Cumberland Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameCrazy=GameCrazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Airlines=Imperial Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummer_Winblad_Venture_Partners=Hummer Winblad Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SnagAJob.com=SnagAJob.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_General_Pictures=National General Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysler_(division)=Chrysler (division)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeMarini=DeMarini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hothead_Games=Hothead Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishpond.co.nz=Fishpond.co.nz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Reuters=Thomson Reuters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_House=Odyssey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Koch_Steel_Consulting=Karl Koch Steel Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creators_Syndicate=Creators Syndicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Meier=Ed Meier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuji_Food=Fuji Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protective_Life=Protective Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PLX_Technology=PLX Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmanche_Ferries=Transmanche Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud9=Cloud9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sure_(company)=Sure (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liechtenstein_Bus=Liechtenstein Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LDRA_Testbed=LDRA Testbed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeverEnergia=SeverEnergia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatargas=Qatargas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_Adventures=G Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Petroleum=Qatar Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burson-Marsteller=Burson-Marsteller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_at_Home_Realty=Right at Home Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever_Indonesia=Unilever Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui_&_Co.=Mitsui & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Group=Olympic Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HB_Grandi=HB Grandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutco=Cutco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Marine_Exploration=Odyssey Marine Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptons=Uptons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Schwab_Tire_Centers=Les Schwab Tire Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Wire=Third Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mango_(clothing)=Mango (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olau_Line=Olau Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macmillan_Media=Macmillan Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoare_Lea=Hoare Lea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEGOC=KEGOC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toon_Boom_Animation=Toon Boom Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Glass_Industries=General Glass Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organisationsforum_Wirtschaftskongress=Organisationsforum Wirtschaftskongress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Medical_Technologies=China Medical Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biosensors_International=Biosensors International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Creative=Universal Creative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terumo=Terumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AQuantive=AQuantive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savills=Savills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Group=Hay Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemstar-TV_Guide_International=Gemstar-TV Guide International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulster_Railway=Ulster Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whyte_and_Mackay=Whyte and Mackay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helium.com=Helium.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Research_Asia=Microsoft Research Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bickford's_Australia=Bickford's Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics_Corporation_of_India_Limited=Electronics Corporation of India Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jostens=Jostens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Furniture_Industries=Ashley Furniture Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Austell_Brewery=St Austell Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collactive=Collactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juhayna=Juhayna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTAC_Group=UTAC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeplay_Energy=Freeplay Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agile_Software_Corporation=Agile Software Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HitDynamics=HitDynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact!_Miniatures=Impact! Miniatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxygen=Maxygen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoubleDave's_Pizzaworks=DoubleDave's Pizzaworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zweigle's=Zweigle's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadership_Dynamics=Leadership Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimizu_Corporation=Shimizu Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Playing_Cards=Bee Playing Cards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferro_Alloys_Corporation=Ferro Alloys Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MFA_Incorporated=MFA Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpinVox=SpinVox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_Guitars=Luna Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviamilano=Aviamilano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welsh,_Carson,_Anderson_&_Stowe=Welsh, Carson, Anderson & Stowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastretta=Mastretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkins_Cookers_Limited=Hawkins Cookers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_Individual_Investors=American Association of Individual Investors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Vredestein_B.V.=Apollo Vredestein B.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Creek_Entertainment=Mill Creek Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber-Stephen_Products=Weber-Stephen Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driscoll's=Driscoll's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciber=Ciber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carr_Amplifiers=Carr Amplifiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Wahl's=Tom Wahl's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viohalco=Viohalco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivartia=Vivartia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mytilineos_Holdings=Mytilineos Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmote=Cosmote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bradford=First Bradford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motor_Manufacturing_Mississippi=Toyota Motor Manufacturing Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Umbrella=Big Umbrella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JMicron=JMicron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbo_S.A.=Jumbo S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Woollen_Mill=Edinburgh Woollen Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLC_Limited=MLC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Vlaanderen_Digitaal=TV Vlaanderen Digitaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatti's_Pizza=Gatti's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metka=Metka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhosAgro=PhosAgro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheng_Siong=Sheng Siong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristoc=Aristoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Country_USA=Sleep Country USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_(company)=Ram (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Gas=Tokyo Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Mountain_Incorporated=Iron Mountain Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Italia=BT Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMP_Technology=CMP Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Studios=Platinum Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Solar=Evergreen Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interface_Media_Group=Interface Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaRail=SeaRail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Entertainment_(comic_shop)=That's Entertainment (comic shop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CICOPA=CICOPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Woo=Alex Woo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loewe,_S.A.=Loewe, S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igus=Igus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apatow_Productions=Apatow Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laredo_National_Bank=Laredo National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuoni_Travel=Kuoni Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teshkeel_Comics=Teshkeel Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamdard_Laboratories_(Waqf)_Pakistan=Hamdard Laboratories (Waqf) Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkanstroy=Balkanstroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_(automobile)=Little (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genuine_Scooters=Genuine Scooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelbox_Networks=Steelbox Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekorot=Mekorot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marigul_Management=Marigul Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tio_Chango=Tio Chango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingeus=Ingeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Bicycles=Rocky Mountain Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_Games=Legacy Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanity_(music_store)=Sanity (music store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clough_Limited=Clough Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workday,_Inc.=Workday, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScrewAttack=ScrewAttack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faurecia=Faurecia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USwitch=USwitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Sportswear=Admiral Sportswear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orga_Systems=Orga Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synnex=Synnex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarbakan=Sarbakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garda_(security_company)=Garda (security company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patak's=Patak's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casella_Waste_Systems=Casella Waste Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wynsors_World_of_Shoes=Wynsors World of Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilife=Wilife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Salt_Company=Canadian Salt Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mie_Kotsu=Mie Kotsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriprocessors=Agriprocessors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews_McMeel_Universal=Andrews McMeel Universal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventas_group=Aventas group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman_Refinery_Company=Oman Refinery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Investments=Evergreen Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Star_Central_Gas_Pipeline=Southern Star Central Gas Pipeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thyssen_AG=Thyssen AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercian_Cycles=Mercian Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saravana_Bhavan=Saravana Bhavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Railways_Corporation=New Zealand Railways Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proginet=Proginet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huanghai_Bus=Huanghai Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syspro=Syspro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Solar=Sharp Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelfari=Shelfari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingori_Robinetterie=Mingori Robinetterie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Cells=Q-Cells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Mercantile_Exchange=Pakistan Mercantile Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aera_Energy=Aera Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahama_Buck's=Bahama Buck's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrossFit=CrossFit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sotsu=Sotsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_Infrastructure=Spark Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Communications_Construction=China Communications Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Company_of_Lesvos=Maritime Company of Lesvos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Media_Holding=Focus Media Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_Global_Services=Reach Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vix_Technology=Vix Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remic=Remic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beerenberg_Farm=Beerenberg Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_River_Legendary_Steaks=Stoney River Legendary Steaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scotts_Miracle-Gro_Company=The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiBella's=DiBella's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_College_of_Health_Professions=New York College of Health Professions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongaigaon_Refinery_and_Petrochemicals=Bongaigaon Refinery and Petrochemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hologic=Hologic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_League_of_America=Book League of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kraft_Group=The Kraft Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIBCO_Software=TIBCO Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Weather_and_Aviation=Universal Weather and Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eiken_(studio)=Eiken (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyle_Pets=Lifestyle Pets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yantai_CIMC_Raffles_Shipyard=Yantai CIMC Raffles Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddarsad=Saddarsad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._G._Spanos_Companies=A. G. Spanos Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunferries=Sunferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wind_Energy_Association=World Wind Energy Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_&_Eve_(company)=Adam & Eve (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navy_Office_of_Information_West=Navy Office of Information West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocona_Athletic_Goods_Company=Nocona Athletic Goods Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amylin_Pharmaceuticals=Amylin Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_Jawa=Ideal Jawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mphasis=Mphasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._T._Cross_Company=A. T. Cross Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTC_Power=UTC Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_James_Holdings=St James Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Shaves=King of Shaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Fans_Census=Football Fans Census
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Records=Pagan Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Entertain=2 Entertain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_Years_of_Film=One Hundred Years of Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Sports_+_Outdoors=Academy Sports + Outdoors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce,_Isakowitz_and_Blalock=Fierce, Isakowitz and Blalock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WiTricity=WiTricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secure_Computing_Corporation=Secure Computing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riordan,_Lewis_&_Haden=Riordan, Lewis & Haden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSI_Pharmaceuticals=OSI Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Health=Westfield Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHS_Innovations_London=NHS Innovations London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forethought,_Inc.=Forethought, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musco_Lighting=Musco Lighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Faucet=Chicago Faucet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deseret_News_Publishing_Company=Deseret News Publishing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigil_Games=Vigil Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmental_Performance_Vehicles=Environmental Performance Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakers_Oven=Bakers Oven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma_Sport=Sigma Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadence_Design_Systems=Cadence Design Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bustech=Bustech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayer_Schering_Pharma=Bayer Schering Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitby_and_Pickering_Railway=Whitby and Pickering Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geeknet=Geeknet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vetter_Fairing_Company=Vetter Fairing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Sports=Bell Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M2SYS_Technology=M2SYS Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Anon/Alateen=Al-Anon/Alateen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win's_Entertainment=Win's Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheops_Studio=Kheops Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackermans_&_van_Haaren=Ackermans & van Haaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCS_Software=SCS Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewolf_Software=Rewolf Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softex=Softex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson_Theatres=Dickinson Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands_Development_Finance_Company=Netherlands Development Finance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Ape=Go Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Healthcare_Group=General Healthcare Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TabletKiosk=TabletKiosk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidiator=Vidiator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProElite=ProElite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipper=Lipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcanet_Press=Carcanet Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zedo=Zedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muvee_Technologies=Muvee Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLane_Company=McLane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Rubber_Latex_Corporation=Thai Rubber Latex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperOffice=SuperOffice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Madison_Ave=Off Madison Ave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HNW=HNW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Forest_Products=Universal Forest Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banta_Corporation=Banta Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HT_Media=HT Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostoni=Ostoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollux_Gamelabs=Pollux Gamelabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakumatt=Nakumatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProSyst=ProSyst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technomate=Technomate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermentas=Fermentas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purity_Dairies=Purity Dairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RiksTV=RiksTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monarch_(automobile)=Monarch (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gensler=Gensler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Economics=Capital Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossetti_Architects=Rossetti Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Car_Company=Lightning Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyknos_S.A.=Kyknos S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(brand)=Psycho (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kontron=Kontron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortis_Uhren=Fortis Uhren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_and_Entertainment_Group=Fighting and Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duesenberg_Guitars=Duesenberg Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milestone_S.r.l.=Milestone S.r.l.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalore_Chemicals_&_Fertilizers=Mangalore Chemicals & Fertilizers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Retail_Systems=National Retail Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unimin=Unimin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_&_Foster=Long & Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_Group=Aberdeen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Pancake_House=The Original Pancake House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEO_(Portugal)=MEO (Portugal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movic=Movic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Lips_(company)=Cherry Lips (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinnucan's=Kinnucan's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norco_Co-operative=Norco Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Edge=Inside Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Asia_Entertainment_Group=Media Asia Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Pharmaceutical_Industries=Australian Pharmaceutical Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConsumerLab.com=ConsumerLab.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Development_Bank=Cyprus Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransPerfect=TransPerfect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asseco=Asseco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceedo=Ceedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.Mobile=M.Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trace_Elliot=Trace Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallgrass_Beef_Company=Tallgrass Beef Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HealthPlanOne=HealthPlanOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bison_Transport=Bison Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horze=Horze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArmorGroup=ArmorGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reiss_(brand)=Reiss (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGM_Holdings=MGM Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Ah_Entertainment=Mei Ah Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altairnano=Altairnano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Annecy=Ubisoft Annecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_Boat_Company=Burger Boat Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embega=Embega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes_Enterprises=Sykes Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton-Wright_Company=Dayton-Wright Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_Baobab=Production Baobab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkers_Limited=Walkers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Porcelain_Factory=Imperial Porcelain Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avoiding_Mass_Extinctions_Engine=Avoiding Mass Extinctions Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Bridge_&_Engineering_Company=Cleveland Bridge & Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_(China)=HSBC Bank (China)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truven_Health_Analytics=Truven Health Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Poste_(France)=La Poste (France)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Pictures=Basic Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomona_Electronics=Pomona Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxstar_Productions=Foxstar Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Balance_Pet_Foods=Natural Balance Pet Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Multimedia=BBC Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Com_One_group=Com One group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gristedes=Gristedes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortho_Clinical_Diagnostics=Ortho Clinical Diagnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Methods=Air Methods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quattromed=Quattromed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_Airport_Authority=Greenland Airport Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Healthcare_Services=Prime Healthcare Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripes_Convenience_Stores=Stripes Convenience Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netafim=Netafim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Mail_Steam_Packet_Company=Royal Mail Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atradius=Atradius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plax=Plax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statoil=Statoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanillaware=Vanillaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empik=Empik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesham_Amalgamations=Chesham Amalgamations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isavia=Isavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelargos=Pelargos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCircle_Entertainment=NCircle Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Life_Insurance_Company=Kansas City Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasileirinhas=Brasileirinhas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colayer=Colayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asciano_Limited=Asciano Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straumann=Straumann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Racing_Studio=Sega Racing Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinoma=Kinoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benoist_Aircraft=Benoist Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Param_(company)=Param (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clever_Trick=Clever Trick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SELCO_India=SELCO India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger,_Gray_&_Christmas=Challenger, Gray & Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerchip_Semiconductor=Powerchip Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AsianAve=AsianAve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahramaa=Kahramaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickers=Kickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase-Newark=Chase-Newark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakawa_Discount_House_Limited=Kakawa Discount House Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._L._van_den_Heuvel_Orgelbouw=J. L. van den Heuvel Orgelbouw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyrick_Studios=Lyrick Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmill_Software=Windmill Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Monkey_Software=Buzz Monkey Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obras_Sanitarias_del_Estado=Obras Sanitarias del Estado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdant_Power=Verdant Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mario's_Pizzeria=Mario's Pizzeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrimaLoft=PrimaLoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GHS_(strings)=GHS (strings)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bensen_Aircraft=Bensen Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampad=Ampad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wertheim_Piano=Wertheim Piano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivaji_Productions=Sivaji Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ageod=Ageod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J-List=J-List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Furniture=Norton Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LifeLock=LifeLock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Ballroom_Academy=Champion Ballroom Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MMC_Corporation_Berhad=MMC Corporation Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_(conservation_programme)=Traffic (conservation programme)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipistrel=Pipistrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Electronics=Swan Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Computer_Solutions=Integrated Computer Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poliya=Poliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperry_Marine_Northrop_Grumman=Sperry Marine Northrop Grumman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SWsoft=SWsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PANTA=PANTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enron_scandal=Enron scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aozora_Bank=Aozora Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekla=Tekla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercure_Hotels=Mercure Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interwoven=Interwoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Investments=Pioneer Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfson_Microelectronics=Wolfson Microelectronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goodlife_Recipe=The Goodlife Recipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusnano=Rusnano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accident_Investigation_Board_Norway=Accident Investigation Board Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unibail-Rodamco=Unibail-Rodamco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark_Films=After Dark Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Anderson_Architects=Samuel Anderson Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Guitars=Ellis Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celio_(retailer)=Celio (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Oil_Corporation=National Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BatchMaster_Software=BatchMaster Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avocent=Avocent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Ocean_Group=Golden Ocean Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Entertainment_Group=Galaxy Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foton_Motor=Foton Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Dragon_(company)=Golden Dragon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AvoDerm=AvoDerm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norkring=Norkring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23andMe=23andMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_R&D_Institute_India_-_Bangalore=Samsung R&D Institute India - Bangalore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JasperReports=JasperReports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syco=Syco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederator_Films=Frederator Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ted's_Montana_Grill=Ted's Montana Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NII_Holdings=NII Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eel_Pie_Publishing=Eel Pie Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Bank_of_Dominica=National Bank of Dominica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoosier_Racing_Tire=Hoosier Racing Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Corner=Pizza Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Health=Spectrum Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATS_Medical=ATS Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carestream_Health=Carestream Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Vault,_Inc.=Toy Vault, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absorbent_Ink=Absorbent Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bif_Bang_Pow!=Bif Bang Pow!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckeye_CableSystem=Buckeye CableSystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benteler_International=Benteler International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiramek=Kiramek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragon_Publishing=Paragon Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyushu_Electric_Power=Kyushu Electric Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakta=Fakta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_United_Broadcasting_Corporation=First United Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UltraVision=UltraVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secora=Secora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airways_Flying_Club=Airways Flying Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haig_Point_Club=Haig Point Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Atomic_Power_Company=Japan Atomic Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entra_Eiendom=Entra Eiendom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXFO=EXFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassivity_Music=Bassivity Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konigs-Krone=Konigs-Krone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morozoff_Ltd.=Morozoff Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Co.,_Ltd.=World Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentum_Fondsinvesteringer=Argentum Fondsinvesteringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manx_Electricity_Authority=Manx Electricity Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planet_Internet_Services=The Planet Internet Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_Software=Renegade Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipinski_Sound=Lipinski Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Film=Original Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolidThinking=SolidThinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Signal_Corporation=Federal Signal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergsala_Lightweight=Bergsala Lightweight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diabetology_Ltd=Diabetology Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konzum=Konzum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawbone_(company)=Jawbone (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum_Pictures=Momentum Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Pictures=Twisted Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pell_Frischmann=Pell Frischmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trico=Trico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Lines=Moby Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeShow=WeShow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_Energy=Emerald Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arktikugol=Arktikugol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evga_S.A.=Evga S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Light=Bring Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_Media_Group=Southern Cross Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smackgirl=Smackgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_Valley_Bank=1st Valley Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail_transport_in_Montenegro=Rail transport in Montenegro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Solution_Money_Transfer=First Solution Money Transfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile_UK=Virgin Mobile UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaba_Corporation=Gaba Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fage=Fage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducati_Corse=Ducati Corse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanfield_Group=Tanfield Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_do_Brasil=General Motors do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramboll=Ramboll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qype=Qype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GB_Railfreight=GB Railfreight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giuliani_Partners=Giuliani Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Network,_Inc.=GMA Network, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Dynamics=Boston Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waco_Aircraft_Company=Waco Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackmyra_Whisky=Mackmyra Whisky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrari_Belotti=Ferrari Belotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polsteam=Polsteam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Energy_Sector=Siemens Energy Sector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Co-operative_Milk_Marketing_Federation=Kerala Co-operative Milk Marketing Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knorr-Bremse=Knorr-Bremse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedLynx=RedLynx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Broadcasting=Ten Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Tax_Service=Instant Tax Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fablok=Fablok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Center_for_New_Media_Teaching_and_Learning=Columbia Center for New Media Teaching and Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LELO=LELO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPM_International=RPM International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahr_and_Sons_Brewing_Company=Rahr and Sons Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banner_Bank=Banner Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Championship_Wrestling=Extreme Championship Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDR,_Inc.=HDR, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofasa=Sofasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Media_Factory=Digital Media Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UkrSibbank=UkrSibbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maclaren=Maclaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airvana=Airvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Hotel_Register_Company=American Hotel Register Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Film_A/S=A. Film A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_Unit=The Comedy Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NatureWorks=NatureWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atria_Senior_Living=Atria Senior Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safety-Kleen=Safety-Kleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caparo_Vehicle_Technologies=Caparo Vehicle Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bynari=Bynari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speranski=Speranski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kion_de_Mexico=Kion de Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantalus_Media=Tantalus Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avidyne_Corporation=Avidyne Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Aeronautical=Spectrum Aeronautical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etox=Etox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMS_Holdings_Corporation=SMS Holdings Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zensei=Zensei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Penang=Rapid Penang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MASS_Engineering=MASS Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Valley_Brewing_Company=Anderson Valley Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kontor_Records=Kontor Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dipson_Theatres=Dipson Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexicon_Pharmaceuticals=Lexicon Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civic_Video=Civic Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Television=Entertainment One Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act3animation=Act3animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snom=Snom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SModcast.com=SModcast.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso_County_Telephone=El Paso County Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_Distribution_Alliance=Alternative Distribution Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanox=Tanox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protandim=Protandim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozy=Mozy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhodia=Dhodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Channel_Island_Ferries=British Channel Island Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawanakajima_Bus=Kawanakajima Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szybka_Kolej_Miejska_(Warsaw)=Szybka Kolej Miejska (Warsaw)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Biotherapeutics=Northwest Biotherapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispin_Porter_+_Bogusky=Crispin Porter + Bogusky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuda_Comics=Zuda Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_to_Coast_Tickets=Coast to Coast Tickets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garlock_Sealing_Technologies=Garlock Sealing Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Electrical_Services=Integrated Electrical Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Power_Development_Company=Electric Power Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novus_Entertainment=Novus Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardinal_Brewery=Cardinal Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenlew=Rosenlew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroUnity=MicroUnity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DirectBuy=DirectBuy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amica_Mutual_Insurance=Amica Mutual Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poker_Players_Alliance=Poker Players Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_Industries=Access Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubu_Electric_Power=Chubu Electric Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tohoku_Electric_Power=Tohoku Electric Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikoku_Electric_Power=Shikoku Electric Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverik_Lacrosse=Maverik Lacrosse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Comics=Lone Star Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RS_Public_Company_Limited=RS Public Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shy_(company)=Shy (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corus_Bankshares=Corus Bankshares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordkalk=Nordkalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder_Dempster_Lines=Elder Dempster Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkins_Electric_Music=Watkins Electric Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Docudesk=Docudesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Tower_Corporation=American Tower Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Firearms_of_Montana=Cooper Firearms of Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VoiceObjects=VoiceObjects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Airlines_Holdings=Frontier Airlines Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoglym=Autoglym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JK_Harris_&_Company=JK Harris & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou_Wahaha_Group=Hangzhou Wahaha Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamps_Plus=Lamps Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Tree_Publishers=Walking Tree Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Energy=Dolphin Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express,_Inc.=Express, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_CIE=Grupo CIE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Canada=Mars Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jantzen=Jantzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Speakers_Bureau=National Speakers Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Products=Method Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaOne=MediaOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diva_Futura=Diva Futura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belkin=Belkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Astor's_Bar_and_Grill=Jack Astor's Bar and Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duchy_Originals_from_Waitrose=Duchy Originals from Waitrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeeqPod=SeeqPod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Ellis_International=Perry Ellis International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueVisions=TrueVisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozambique_Company=Mozambique Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SARD=SARD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengelmann_Group=Tengelmann Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangs=Tangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ILPAP=ILPAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RRSat=RRSat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PassAlong_Networks=PassAlong Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontana_North=Fontana North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_of_Colleges_of_Pharmacy=American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americast=Americast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxima_Group=Maxima Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_(supermarket)=Plus (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmos_Semiconductor=Elmos Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Media,_Inc.=Sports Media, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glintt=Glintt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javaground=Javaground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekanism=Mekanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snap_Fitness=Snap Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Drilling_Group_International=Major Drilling Group International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_VR=Global VR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajax_(1914_automobile)=Ajax (1914 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_(1907_automobile)=Albany (1907 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capco=Capco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conergy=Conergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUAG=RUAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Frank=Knight Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie_&_Benny's=Frankie & Benny's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guthy-Renker=Guthy-Renker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_&_Partners=Hall & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corum_(watchmakers)=Corum (watchmakers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jr._Food_Mart=Jr. Food Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKQA=AKQA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Media_Holdings=Philadelphia Media Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Entertainment=Visual Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAIL=GAIL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonza_Group=Lonza Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Printing_Company=State Printing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welltec=Welltec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Eastern_Shipping=Great Eastern Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Aircraft=Epic Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudsons_Coffee=Hudsons Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keytrade_Bank=Keytrade Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Baptist_Church_of_Manila=First Baptist Church of Manila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ER-Telecom=ER-Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slipped_Disc_Records=Slipped Disc Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudzu.com=Kudzu.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MannKind_Corporation=MannKind Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Large_Animal_Games=Large Animal Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunhill_International_List_Company=Dunhill International List Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PING_Collection=PING Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_S.A.=Melissa S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_Multimedia=Monsoon Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Sight_Firearms_Training_Institute=Front Sight Firearms Training Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugro=Fugro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Arts=Pro Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mook_Animation=Mook Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playlogic_Entertainment=Playlogic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanesue=Kanesue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egmont_Manga_&_Anime=Egmont Manga & Anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Kerb=Off the Kerb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Learning=Carnegie Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malher=Malher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSM_Richter_Chamberland=RSM Richter Chamberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zody's=Zody's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Athlete's_Foot=The Athlete's Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petkim=Petkim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerTel=PowerTel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiredset=Wiredset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numonyx=Numonyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyne_Resorts=Boyne Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShowBiz_Pizza_Place=ShowBiz Pizza Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamecock_Media_Group=Gamecock Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reggiane=Reggiane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrive=Arrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedStar_Health=MedStar Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_City=Video City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_West_Ambulance=Metro West Ambulance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldo_(1910_Automobile)=Aldo (1910 Automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luba_Group=Luba Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalink_Ltd.=Metalink Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.C.H._Will=E.C.H. Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/44_Blue_Productions=44 Blue Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AED_(non-profit)=AED (non-profit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan_Khartoum_Refinery_Company=Sudan Khartoum Refinery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriterra=Agriterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Nile_Petroleum_Operating_Company=White Nile Petroleum Operating Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Black_Box=EA Black Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schleuniger=Schleuniger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Television=Box Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SteelSeries=SteelSeries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edda_Media=Edda Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkins_Manufacturing_Company=Watkins Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicat=Vicat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_wetsuits_and_sports_apparel=Orca wetsuits and sports apparel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Madeleine_(restaurant_chain)=La Madeleine (restaurant chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Organisation_for_Railway_Electrification=Central Organisation for Railway Electrification
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baynote=Baynote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyLife=SkyLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Berhad=Sunrise Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communicorp=Communicorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generac_Power_Systems=Generac Power Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.O.R.=I.O.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigBand_Networks=BigBand Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MovieTickets.com=MovieTickets.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaspersoft=Jaspersoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Steel=All-Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortescue_Metals_Group=Fortescue Metals Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapilab=Mapilab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariba=Ariba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivchenko-Progress=Ivchenko-Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movaya=Movaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarRotor_Corporation=StarRotor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_CGV=CJ CGV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codenomicon=Codenomicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMSI=HMSI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameHouse=GameHouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Media_Architects=Future Media Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Li-Ning=Li-Ning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web.com=Web.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Brewing_Company_of_New_York=Manhattan Brewing Company of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superscape=Superscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opportunities_for_a_Better_Tomorrow=Opportunities for a Better Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikka_Whisky_Distilling=Nikka Whisky Distilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Foundations_Institute=Deep Foundations Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netmorf=Netmorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSL_Behring=CSL Behring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eidsiva_Energi=Eidsiva Energi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Games=Fresh Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Apple_Bagels=Big Apple Bagels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Steemer=Stanley Steemer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Entertainment=Perfect Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diardi=Diardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIX_(India)=BASIX (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Market=Penny Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorgesGruppen=NorgesGruppen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Agbar=Grupo Agbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bama_Gruppen=Bama Gruppen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheel_Horse=Wheel Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Flag=Green Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redeye_Distribution=Redeye Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechTarget=TechTarget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Reality_Combat_Championship=Universal Reality Combat Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Task_Group,_Incorporated=Computer Task Group, Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roche_Applied_Science=Roche Applied Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Cycles=Evans Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Line=Sally Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrefour_Express=Carrefour Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_&_Pickersgill=Austin & Pickersgill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pander_&_Son=Pander & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investors_Bank_&_Trust=Investors Bank & Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G&L_Clothing=G&L Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Weil=Raymond Weil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panasonic_Electric_Works=Panasonic Electric Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Koch_Brewery=Fred Koch Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Cars_India=Honda Cars India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuprom=Cuprom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMART_Business_Advisory_and_Consulting=SMART Business Advisory and Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonymizer_(company)=Anonymizer (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equity_Residential=Equity Residential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMRB_International=IMRB International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Star_Parcels=Red Star Parcels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Spas=Arctic Spas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerplate=Centerplate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funko=Funko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alro_Slatina=Alro Slatina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavistock_Group=Tavistock Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upland_Mutual_Insurance_Company=Upland Mutual Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra_Rail_Industries=Astra Rail Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palumbos=Palumbos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_Games=Piranha Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Audit_Quality=Center for Audit Quality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alereon=Alereon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnostic_Health_Corporation=Diagnostic Health Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreshXpress=FreshXpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_Style=Dakota Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_(soft_drink)=Corona (soft drink)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellington_Partners=Wellington Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngee_Ann_Kongsi=Ngee Ann Kongsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whizzgo=Whizzgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beck_Group=The Beck Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Up_(club_night)=Blow Up (club night)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advent_Software=Advent Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creditcall=Creditcall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Habeeb_Enterprises=Tommy Habeeb Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agglo=Agglo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piperlime=Piperlime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speakeasy_Ales_and_Lagers=Speakeasy Ales and Lagers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panin_Sekuritas=Panin Sekuritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAL_Hotels=JAL Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Garowe=Radio Garowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokuriku_Electric_Power_Company=Hokuriku Electric Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankama_Games=Ankama Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Brewing_Company=Great Lakes Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Theatres=Pacific Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Fairfax=University of Fairfax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_&_Stevenson=Stewart & Stevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Black_Muslim_Bakery=Your Black Muslim Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Mother_Frances_Health_System=Trinity Mother Frances Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne's_Coffee=Wayne's Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._K._Organisation=J. K. Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valtion_lentokonetehdas=Valtion lentokonetehdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palitoy=Palitoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Glove=Top Glove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neal_Steel=O'Neal Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricky's_All_Day_Grill=Ricky's All Day Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Wasson_and_Company=H. P. Wasson and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikarbus=Ikarbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Forge=World Forge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optech=Optech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verus_Pharmaceuticals=Verus Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Hamster_Software=Mean Hamster Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Energetics=Applied Energetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoreFirst_Bank_&_Trust=CoreFirst Bank & Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indah_Water_Konsortium=Indah Water Konsortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAZ_3D=DAZ 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Media_Strategies=New Media Strategies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CovalX=CovalX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freightquote.com=Freightquote.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman_LNG=Oman LNG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xirrus=Xirrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobleworks=Nobleworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Paul_Luxembourg=Saint-Paul Luxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Playing_with_Toys=Still Playing with Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiji_Press=Jiji Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intertek=Intertek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minco_Products=Minco Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YIT=YIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BenQ=BenQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RECSAM=RECSAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dion's=Dion's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartPost=SmartPost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teixeira_Duarte=Teixeira Duarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Line_Productions=Adventure Line Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADRaudio=ADRaudio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tivoli_Audio=Tivoli Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VolleyHut.com=VolleyHut.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnoCentive=InnoCentive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Release=The New Release
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoAntiques=GoAntiques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borealis=Borealis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwheels=Greenwheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DemandTec=DemandTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Property=Norwegian Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffon_Corporation=Griffon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactic_Suite_Design=Galactic Suite Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher's_Big_Wheel=Fisher's Big Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proteolix=Proteolix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TutorVista=TutorVista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar_Networks=Radar Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaweb=Metaweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_Australia=2K Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Iron_Works=Morgan Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pak_Suzuki_Motors=Pak Suzuki Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clive_Peeters=Clive Peeters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wilds_Christian_Association=The Wilds Christian Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kno=Kno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViXS_Systems=ViXS Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_World=Dubai World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Really_Simple_Systems=Really Simple Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keil_(company)=Keil (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaspeed=Seaspeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoverlloyd=Hoverlloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVEL=TVEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnerNOC=EnerNOC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Molybdenum=China Molybdenum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Cloud=Electric Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upwardly_Global=Upwardly Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TravelCenters_of_America=TravelCenters of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Energy=Pioneer Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Platforms=Level Platforms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rackspace=Rackspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's_Red_Mill=Bob's Red Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarvis_plc=Jarvis plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BREN=BREN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Animation=Hot Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeClick=HomeClick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force10=Force10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTT_(Macau)=CTT (Macau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetroFi=MetroFi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Towing_Service=Lincoln Towing Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butlers_(company)=Butlers (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Som_Livre=Som Livre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._A._Whitney_Carriage_Company=F. A. Whitney Carriage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Software_Division=HP Software Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canalside_Studios=Canalside Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Racing=Ford Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olerex=Olerex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BevMo!=BevMo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_SOS=International SOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleMessage=TeleMessage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLZ_Group=SLZ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_McGraw-Hill=Tata McGraw-Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CentraCare_Health_System=CentraCare Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Est=Morgan Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_International_Film_Studios=Dragon International Film Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsham_YMCA=Horsham YMCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YoYo_Games=YoYo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigo_Energy=Amigo Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_National_Bank=Union National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratavia=Stratavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somethin'_Else_(content_agency)=Somethin' Else (content agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franke_(company)=Franke (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell's_Fish_Market=Mitchell's Fish Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Strauss_&_Co.=L. Strauss & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geofoto=Geofoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitdefender=Bitdefender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_Shaw=Astro Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spansion=Spansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDB_Business_Partner=EDB Business Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baillie_Gifford=Baillie Gifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osram_Sylvania=Osram Sylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kralyevich_Productions=Kralyevich Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Crime_Club=Collins Crime Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluewater_Productions=Bluewater Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeltime.tv=Reeltime.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Scottish_Ferries=P&O Scottish Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europorte=Europorte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajima=Kajima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kern's=Kern's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Science_(company)=Design Science (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyne_Island_aluminium_smelter=Boyne Island aluminium smelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asda_Mobile=Asda Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mead_Johnson=Mead Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvijas_Balzams=Latvijas Balzams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterAct=InterAct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bull_GmbH=Red Bull GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cegedel=Cegedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen_Overseas_Research_and_Development_Association=Bremen Overseas Research and Development Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slackers_CDs_and_Games=Slackers CDs and Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordex=Nordex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrem=Quadrem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Sea_Supply=Deep Sea Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EPAM_Systems=EPAM Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Cole_Productions=Kenneth Cole Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ODEL=ODEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleflex=Teleflex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Media_Group=Arab Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilera=Tilera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colas_Rail=Colas Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_TV_(Romania)=Boom TV (Romania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiven=Multiven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangxi_Copper=Jiangxi Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudelski_Group=Kudelski Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxempart=Luxempart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mubadala_Development_Company=Mubadala Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Worldwide_Group=Crown Worldwide Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atempo=Atempo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrail=Montrail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John's_Incredible_Pizza=John's Incredible Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1965_Records=1965 Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIRVA=SIRVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinfos=Tinfos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Group_Industries=Harbour Group Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubal=Dubal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamasaki_&_Associates=Yamasaki & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Helicopters=Columbia Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViaStreaming=ViaStreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almaz-Antey=Almaz-Antey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navoi_Mining_and_Metallurgy_Combinat=Navoi Mining and Metallurgy Combinat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruppo_Lucchini=Gruppo Lucchini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_National_d'Optique=Institut National d'Optique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacha_(corporation)=Hacha (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biomax_Informatics_AG=Biomax Informatics AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinfos_Nizi=Tinfos Nizi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzel_Holding=Uzel Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transpetrol_AS=Transpetrol AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howies=Howies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Car_Club=City Car Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powercor_Australia=Powercor Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grameen_Fund=Grameen Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_Line=The Guardian Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camco_Drum_Company=Camco Drum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmidal=Asmidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saidal=Saidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verbund=Verbund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Enterprises=Active Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Manufacturing_Company=Edison Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosciuszko_Huts_Association=Kosciuszko Huts Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevvy=Trevvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wissol_Petroleum=Wissol Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFCO=EFCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Ghana=Vodafone Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elco_Holdings=Elco Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delek=Delek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infra_Corporation=Infra Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foyer_S.A.=Foyer S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland's_Pies=Holland's Pies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cierva_Autogiro_Company=Cierva Autogiro Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldon_Inc.=Aldon Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Entertainment=Strike Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIP_Investment_Partners=BIP Investment Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_Publishing=Arcadia Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NMZ=NMZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geiger_(corporation)=Geiger (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Guangdong=Radio Guangdong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.C._Moore=A.C. Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTSI-Global=CTSI-Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motovilikha_Plants=Motovilikha Plants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_and_Soul_Records=Truth and Soul Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Lind_&_Company=Peter Lind & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernardus_Brewery=St. Bernardus Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Jordan=Orange Jordan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_Defence_UK=Boeing Defence UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolroom=Coolroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuff_Shed=Tuff Shed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Nue=Studio Nue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_West_Advertising=Big West Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrier_Hodgson=Ferrier Hodgson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover_Insurance=Hanover Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosbank=Rosbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scriptorium_Fonts=Scriptorium Fonts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen_Institute_for_Futures_Studies=Copenhagen Institute for Futures Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Biosystems=Applied Biosystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinsters_Ink=Spinsters Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K&F_Manufacturing_Corporation=K&F Manufacturing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Internet_Technologies=Heritage Internet Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebDialogs=WebDialogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICONZ=ICONZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDT_Corporation=IDT Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Broadcasting_Services_Fiji=Pacific Broadcasting Services Fiji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.W._Lees_Brewery=J.W. Lees Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_Costarricense_de_Electricidad=Instituto Costarricense de Electricidad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrana=Agrana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widgetbox=Widgetbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukowskis=Bukowskis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Senza=La Senza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu_Way_Cafe=Nu Way Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogatyr_Access_Komir=Bogatyr Access Komir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logi_Analytics=Logi Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluar=Aluar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_(company)=August (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albras=Albras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheFind.com=TheFind.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I54=I54
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XStream_Systems=XStream Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telestream=Telestream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Brands=Spectrum Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARTech_Consultores_SRL=ARTech Consultores SRL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obi_(store)=Obi (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Technologies=Smart Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondial_(amusement_ride_manufacturer)=Mondial (amusement ride manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propellerhead_Software=Propellerhead Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatel=Shatel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esko_(company)=Esko (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondi=Mondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safeway_(Australia)=Safeway (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweeter_(store)=Tweeter (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inti_Creates=Inti Creates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MerchantCircle=MerchantCircle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEW_Eurodrive=SEW Eurodrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Energy=Noble Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ectaco=Ectaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Corporation=Noble Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britax=Britax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaTek=MediaTek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bmobile=Bmobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viterra=Viterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Association_for_Shooting_and_Conservation=British Association for Shooting and Conservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrema=Hydrema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GuiXT=GuiXT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOCIS=SOCIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Group=Global Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longchamp_(company)=Longchamp (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Tallon_Walker=Scott Tallon Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geibeltbad_Pirna=Geibeltbad Pirna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_North_Western_Railway=Irish North Western Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offspring_Entertainment=Offspring Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Group_of_Companies=Armstrong Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Cinemas=Berkeley Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elavon=Elavon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epirotiki_Line=Epirotiki Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExpoTV=ExpoTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RBC_Information_Systems=RBC Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Sistema=El Sistema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deltathree=Deltathree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Septier_Communication=Septier Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BNI_(organization)=BNI (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JA_Solar_Holdings=JA Solar Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicis_Pharmaceutical=Medicis Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutter_Health=Sutter Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LabCorp=LabCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruppo_Riva=Gruppo Riva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibur=Hibur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Chart_Centre=Electronic Chart Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centauri_Production=Centauri Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_View,_Inc.=Point of View, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericom_Software=Ericom Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_A._Edison,_Inc.=Thomas A. Edison, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amperex_Electronic=Amperex Electronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Telephony_of_Serbia=Mobile Telephony of Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volksbank=Volksbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libra_Internet_Bank=Libra Internet Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_Technology=Sapphire Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancpost=Bancpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_City_Bancorp=Hudson City Bancorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funke_Digital_TV=Funke Digital TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEOS_(securities_processing_software)=GEOS (securities processing software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Export-Import_Bank_of_Romania=Export-Import Bank of Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanian_International_Bank=Romanian International Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nextebank=Nextebank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GDF_Suez=GDF Suez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coradiant=Coradiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archon_Corporation=Archon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Featherproof_Books=Featherproof Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acrocat_Software=Acrocat Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suwa_Bus=Suwa Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Negative_Breast_Cancer_Foundation=Triple Negative Breast Cancer Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Front_Retailing=J. Front Retailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Town_Railway_Workshops=East Town Railway Workshops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquire_(company)=Acquire (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enensys_Technologies=Enensys Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignite_Entertainment=Ignite Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grieg_Group=Grieg Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FBR_Capital_Markets=FBR Capital Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_Care=Climate Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfal-Larsen=Westfal-Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archstone=Archstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STFA_Group=STFA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Games=Liberty Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KWH_Group=KWH Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAC_Group=GAC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightcove=Brightcove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Hat_Productions=Evil Hat Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectra_Energy=Spectra Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandt_Bros._Productions=Mandt Bros. Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windhoff=Windhoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabors_Industries=Nabors Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meitetsu_Bus=Meitetsu Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckeridge_Group_of_Companies=Buckeridge Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimo_Zanetti=Massimo Zanetti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EasyPizza=EasyPizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Corporation=True Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Vinke_Asset_Management=Knight Vinke Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidwayUSA=MidwayUSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germanos_Group=Germanos Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eitzen_Maritime_Services=Eitzen Maritime Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konsortium_Transnasional=Konsortium Transnasional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man_Transport=Isle of Man Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallinnfilm=Tallinnfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_LTD=Challenger LTD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storz_Brewing_Company=Storz Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camillo_Eitzen_&_Co=Camillo Eitzen & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhenhua=Zhenhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monro_Muffler_Brake=Monro Muffler Brake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klipfolio_Dashboard=Klipfolio Dashboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grin_(company)=Grin (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tschudi_Group=Tschudi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowan_Companies=Rowan Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobile_Craiova=Automobile Craiova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khara_(studio)=Khara (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pionesoft=Pionesoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SystemSoft_Alpha=SystemSoft Alpha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro3D,_Inc.=Metro3D, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAE_(company)=GAE (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ofotens_og_Vesteraalens_Dampskibsselskab=Ofotens og Vesteraalens Dampskibsselskab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_and_Bridge_Construction=Road and Bridge Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wereldhave=Wereldhave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medallic_Art_Company=Medallic Art Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Stuart=Paul Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujiya_Co.=Fujiya Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torchmark=Torchmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IL_Therapeutics=IL Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATKK=ATKK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPC_Corporation=MPC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Arab_Commercial_Bank=British Arab Commercial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tente_International=Tente International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrison_Guitars=Garrison Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entegris=Entegris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagination_Games=Imagination Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Gulf_Oil_Company=Arabian Gulf Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adder_Technology=Adder Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_GP_Holdings=Enterprise GP Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REA_Group=REA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RASCO=RASCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerraNet_AB=TerraNet AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kern_AG=Kern AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Shenhua_Energy_Company=China Shenhua Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVN_Media_Network=AVN Media Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostRank=PostRank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipparts=Nipparts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massachusetts_Bay_Trading_Company=Massachusetts Bay Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalisto_Entertainment=Kalisto Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooma=Ooma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HuneX=HuneX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortyfive=Fortyfive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JM_Family_Enterprises=JM Family Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xicat_Interactive=Xicat Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Angus_Steakhouse=Black Angus Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Information_Group=Cambridge Information Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentient_Information_Systems=Sentient Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interac_(Japan)=Interac (Japan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokkia=Sokkia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genovique_Specialties_Corporation=Genovique Specialties Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trailer_Bridge=Trailer Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_Motorways=Queensland Motorways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMV_Innovating_Solutions=GMV Innovating Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Audio=Cambridge Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Bean_&_Whitaker=Taylor, Bean & Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zain=Zain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahnhof=Bahnhof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIKS_TYO=KIKS TYO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamann_Motorsport=Hamann Motorsport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_House_(PR_firm)=Henry's House (PR firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermador=Thermador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediGuard=MediGuard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanix=Lanix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Bols=Lucas Bols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTA_Posse=DTA Posse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_In_Key=Mixed In Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Music_Company=Central Music Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clipper_Windpower=Clipper Windpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomstroyexport=Atomstroyexport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsline_Express=Newsline Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Television=Phoenix Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeves_(motorcycles)=Greeves (motorcycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Europa_Partners=Mid Europa Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Airways_Holdings=Tiger Airways Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._A._Hanna_Company=M. A. Hanna Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleste=Teleste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's_Discount_Furniture=Bob's Discount Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biotie_Therapies=Biotie Therapies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assist-2-Sell=Assist-2-Sell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidili_Industry_International_Development_Limited=Hidili Industry International Development Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velcom=Velcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Foods_Limited=China Foods Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuinRose=QuinRose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crackle_(company)=Crackle (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fosun=Fosun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_(consulting_firm)=Mercer (consulting firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnik=Picnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folli_Follie=Folli Follie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Power=G-Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RM_Auctions=RM Auctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zexcs=Zexcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daintree_Networks=Daintree Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_of_Automobile_Manufacturers=Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavvi_(retailer)=Zavvi (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAG_AG=RAG AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MessageLabs=MessageLabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlanetAll=PlanetAll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britannia_Hotels=Britannia Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyhook_Wireless=Skyhook Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugatsune=Sugatsune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Oil_Company=Cosmo Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_Comics=Classical Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katzenbach_Partners=Katzenbach Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Commission_on_Protected_Areas=World Commission on Protected Areas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEK_EAD=NEK EAD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simrad_Optronics=Simrad Optronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issta=Issta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SelfMadeHero=SelfMadeHero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chem-Dry=Chem-Dry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scripps-Booth=Scripps-Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIP_Operator=VIP Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_International_Port_(Group)=Shanghai International Port (Group)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack_Rides=Mack Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerset_(company)=Powerset (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Consulting_Group=Boston Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantana_Group=Kantana Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvato_services=Arvato services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unipetrol=Unipetrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWE_Supply_&_Trading_CZ=RWE Supply & Trading CZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Mountain_Energy=Green Mountain Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisker_Automotive=Fisker Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pero_Family_Farms_Food_Company=Pero Family Farms Food Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shed_Productions=Shed Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Pipe_and_Steel_Company=Western Pipe and Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasco=Tasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falafel_Software=Falafel Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Chip_Cookies=Blue Chip Cookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ummah_Foods=Ummah Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacom=Dacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Holidays=Virgin Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfware=Surfware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyanide_(company)=Cyanide (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Switch=BBC Switch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayFirst=PlayFirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landstar_System=Landstar System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeSportsac=LeSportsac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka_Railways=Sri Lanka Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapiano=Vapiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Street_Aleworks=Third Street Aleworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinch_&_Co_Brewery=Clinch & Co Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinch_&_Co_Brewery_(Isle_of_Man)=Clinch & Co Brewery (Isle of Man)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCD_Media=DCD Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_TV_Limited=Box TV Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyan_Cement_Company=Libyan Cement Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metabo=Metabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyan_Iron_and_Steel_Company=Libyan Iron and Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_International_Channels=Fox International Channels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pike_River_Coal=Pike River Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bills.com=Bills.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Brenner=Max Brenner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Star_Raw=G-Star Raw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindray_Medical_International_Limited=Mindray Medical International Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCE_San_Diego_Studio=SCE San Diego Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(company)=Circus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maseelah_Trading_Company=Maseelah Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Mulla_Group=Al-Mulla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BNO_News=BNO News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InTown_Suites=InTown Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Cell_Technology=Advanced Cell Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climax_Entertainment=Climax Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobitel_(Sri_Lanka)=Mobitel (Sri Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waon=Waon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_&_Error_Records=Trial & Error Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etisalat_Egypt=Etisalat Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_Telecom=Spice Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SparkPeople=SparkPeople
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_World=Coffee World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mota-Engil=Mota-Engil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penske_Motor_Group=Penske Motor Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Health_Partners=Mercy Health Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverbed_Technology=Riverbed Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliasworlds_Entertainment=Aliasworlds Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balmain_(fashion_house)=Balmain (fashion house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arola_(microcar)=Arola (microcar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Hearing_Instruments=Siemens Hearing Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bet365=Bet365
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Priority=First Priority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivato=Vivato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handango=Handango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevan_Marine=Sevan Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farstad_Shipping=Farstad Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urwerk=Urwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golar_LNG=Golar LNG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra-Unceta_y_Cia_SA=Astra-Unceta y Cia SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_University_Health_System=Duke University Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Investment_Corporation=China Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Media=Summit Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount_Heavy_Transport=Fairmount Heavy Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount_Marine=Fairmount Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Express_Holdings=Regional Express Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Bread_Company=Acme Bread Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HITT_Production=HITT Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EUE/Screen_Gems=EUE/Screen Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esselunga=Esselunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRW_Automotive=TRW Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Packaging_Solutions=Continental Packaging Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt's=Pratt's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelport=Travelport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_Buildings=Wick Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antec=Antec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Nippon_Expressway_Company=Central Nippon Expressway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winegardner_and_Hammons=Winegardner and Hammons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Enterprises=Dominion Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thales_Communications=Thales Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splashtop_Inc.=Splashtop Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alghanim_Industries=Alghanim Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransGrid=TransGrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quijote_(store)=Don Quijote (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estline=Estline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Automobile_Company=Austin Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyk=Blyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excel_Corporation=Excel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DOF_ASA=DOF ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codexis=Codexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Stevens_Design_Associates=Brooks Stevens Design Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_Light_and_Coke_Company=Gas Light and Coke Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DOF_Subsea=DOF Subsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosher_Supervision_of_America=Kosher Supervision of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Solutions=Magic Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telio=Telio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solstad_Offshore=Solstad Offshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tensilica=Tensilica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leupold_&_Stevens=Leupold & Stevens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_Veatch=Black & Veatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NW_Natural=NW Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleComputing=TeleComputing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeley_Institute=Keeley Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Direct=Sun Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newag=Newag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yizheng_Chemical_Fibre=Yizheng Chemical Fibre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husqvarna_Motorcycles=Husqvarna Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saipem=Saipem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavefield_Inseis=Wavefield Inseis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itautec=Itautec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haight_Ashbury_Free_Clinics=Haight Ashbury Free Clinics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endesa_(Chile)=Endesa (Chile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Petrochemical=Shanghai Petrochemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpion_Offshore=Scorpion Offshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Post_Service=Japan Post Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Post_Network=Japan Post Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Post_Bank=Japan Post Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Post_Insurance=Japan Post Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Post_Holdings=Japan Post Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGL_Limited=UGL Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IP_Pixel=IP Pixel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Us!=Just Us!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymour_&_Flanigan=Raymour & Flanigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleetwood_Enterprises=Fleetwood Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_Collectibles=Metropolis Collectibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skysoft=Skysoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Hotels=Prince Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigbig_Studios=Bigbig Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IOMO=IOMO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VID_(company)=VID (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FinBlade=FinBlade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feelplus=Feelplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calypso_Technology=Calypso Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shea_Homes=Shea Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KickApps=KickApps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukka_Herbs=Pukka Herbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokudane!=Tokudane!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancey's_Fancy=Yancey's Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakhro_Group=Fakhro Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilea_Pharmaceutica=Basilea Pharmaceutica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_&_Wildlife_Conservation_Trust=Game & Wildlife Conservation Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Septentrio=Septentrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capresso=Capresso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetris_Online,_Inc.=Tetris Online, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly_Pumpkin_Artisan_Ales=Jolly Pumpkin Artisan Ales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accordent_Technologies=Accordent Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EdLab=EdLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buy_More=Buy More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Brugeoise_et_Nivelles=La Brugeoise et Nivelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papaya_Studio=Papaya Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongbu_Steel=Dongbu Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatpac=Greatpac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_ReManufacturing=Springfield ReManufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owl_Studios=Owl Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idealo=Idealo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Dick=F. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mygale=Mygale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusepoint_Managed_Services=Fusepoint Managed Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton_Construction=Walton Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagkaup=Hagkaup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Workshop=Film Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnergyCS=EnergyCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransAtlantic_Lines=TransAtlantic Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Flutes=Pearl Flutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzi_Unicem=Buzzi Unicem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altex=Altex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megatech_International=Megatech International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agora_SA=Agora SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongolia_Energy_Corporation=Mongolia Energy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Telemedicine_Network=Ontario Telemedicine Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogetel=Sogetel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCT_Logistics=SCT Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lou_Malnati's_Pizzeria=Lou Malnati's Pizzeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateliers_de_Constructions_Electriques_de_Charleroi=Ateliers de Constructions Electriques de Charleroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIS_International_Research=SIS International Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia_Airports=Malaysia Airports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webjet=Webjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kooksoondang=Kooksoondang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ska_Studios=Ska Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Industrial_Corporation=Lincoln Industrial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corinthia_Group_of_Companies=Corinthia Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JGSP_Novi_Sad=JGSP Novi Sad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Films_Distribution_Co._Ltd.=Mandarin Films Distribution Co. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfectmatch.com=Perfectmatch.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABP_Induction_Systems=ABP Induction Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyogo_FM_Broadcasting=Hyogo FM Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pertra=Pertra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yves_Saint_Laurent_(brand)=Yves Saint Laurent (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_1=Coffee 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_Mobile=U Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stantec=Stantec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport_Television=Newport Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaiser_Associates=Kaiser Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acosta_Sales_&_Marketing=Acosta Sales & Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littelfuse=Littelfuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collins_Companies=The Collins Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Zorro_(railway)=El Zorro (railway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Rail_Services=Great Northern Rail Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Store=Globe Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Italia=Bella Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Horse=Hungry Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eti_Mine_Works=Eti Mine Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Travel_Store=Le Travel Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Resources_Group=Unity Resources Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divitas_Networks=Divitas Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seapine_Software=Seapine Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Investment_Management_Corporation=Alberta Investment Management Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueprint_Skateboards=Blueprint Skateboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fjordkraft=Fjordkraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafslund_(company)=Hafslund (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Municipal_Property_Assessment_Corporation=Municipal Property Assessment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrel_Corporation=Farrel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O._N._Sunde=O. N. Sunde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loeb's_(department_store)=Loeb's (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sew_Fast_Sew_Easy=Sew Fast Sew Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronner_Bros.=Bronner Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madison_Square_Garden_Company=The Madison Square Garden Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambrella=Ambrella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JDA_Software=JDA Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMC_Networks_International=AMC Networks International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shriro=Shriro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behr_GmbH_&_Co._KG=Behr GmbH & Co. KG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Flynt_Publications=Larry Flynt Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banner_Health=Banner Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-CO_Energi=E-CO Energi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvatore_Ferragamo_S.p.A.=Salvatore Ferragamo S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backus_and_Johnston_Brewery=Backus and Johnston Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Press=Running Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_&_Final=Smart & Final
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MKB_Bank=MKB Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CGC_Japan=CGC Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIB_Bank=CIB Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterOil_Exploration_and_Production=InterOil Exploration and Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterOil=InterOil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Loach_Vineyards=De Loach Vineyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Power_Income=Capital Power Income
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_of_Women's_World_Banking=Friends of Women's World Banking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerbet=Guerbet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tealeaf=Tealeaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expert_(company)=Expert (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouSee=YouSee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faktor_Eiendom=Faktor Eiendom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Cruises_Australia=P&O Cruises Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tullow_Oil=Tullow Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assuranceforeningen_Gard=Assuranceforeningen Gard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assuranceforeningen_Skuld=Assuranceforeningen Skuld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hed_Kandi=Hed Kandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Times_Burgers_&_Frozen_Custard=Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melco=Melco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradken=Bradken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Global_Management=Apollo Global Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Property_Shop=UK Property Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TT_Hellenic_Postbank=TT Hellenic Postbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calbee=Calbee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo_Dockyard=Colombo Dockyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asatsu-DK=Asatsu-DK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VNG_Corporation=VNG Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess_Communication=Chess Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker_Oil_(company)=Bunker Oil (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incitec_Pivot=Incitec Pivot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britains=Britains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adecco_Group_North_America=Adecco Group North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Machinery_Depot=Victoria Machinery Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innodata=Innodata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Broadcasting=Global Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordicphotos=Nordicphotos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isofoton=Isofoton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convera_Corporation=Convera Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entanet=Entanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khortytsia_(company)=Khortytsia (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilly_Hicks=Gilly Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMD_Engineering_College=RMD Engineering College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juddmonte_Farms=Juddmonte Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nielsen_Online=Nielsen Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunaoil=Nunaoil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Building_Centres_Group=Castle Building Centres Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eneco_Energie=Eneco Energie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Italian_Pie=The Original Italian Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Music=Voice of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeropuertos_y_Servicios_Auxiliares=Aeropuertos y Servicios Auxiliares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visy_Industries=Visy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurindo=Yurindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trussardi=Trussardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advenza_Freight=Advenza Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LBi=LBi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferd=Ferd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinano_Railway=Shinano Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mint.com=Mint.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Book_Council_of_Australia=Children's Book Council of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunnauuni=Nunnauuni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandi=Gandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majestic_Wine=Majestic Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydro_(fuel_station)=Hydro (fuel station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno-X=Uno-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Europe_Ltd=NTT Europe Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorn_Computers_(2006)=Acorn Computers (2006)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Montreal=Ubisoft Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exergen_Corporation=Exergen Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinetic_Chemicals=Kinetic Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McShane_Bell_Foundry=McShane Bell Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flex_Comix=Flex Comix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micrografx=Micrografx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouchel=Mouchel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenter_Technology_Corporation=Carpenter Technology Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoftServe=SoftServe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin_Clinic=Harbin Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Mahindra_Holidays=Club Mahindra Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_TESO=Royal TESO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Struthers-Dunn=Struthers-Dunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyco=Heyco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_Motor=Santana Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eu_Yan_Sang=Eu Yan Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea_Ferries=North Sea Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaklee=Shaklee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/+Beryll=+Beryll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Callebaut=Barry Callebaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Point=Penguin Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_and_Napier=Partners and Napier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_Comics=Eternity Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Resources=Dominion Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourcefire=Sourcefire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isthmian_Steamship_Company=Isthmian Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_Light=Compass Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASP,_Inc.=ASP, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Wolf_Resorts=Great Wolf Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTC_Therapeutics=PTC Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowles_Publishing_Company=Cowles Publishing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectral_Associates=Spectral Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Telecom=Express Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varie=Varie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrostaal=Ferrostaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asenav=Asenav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APCO_Worldwide=APCO Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Handcrafted_Bicycles=Ellsworth Handcrafted Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpolis=Interpolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQinVision=IQinVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_Q_Puppet_Theater=Spiral Q Puppet Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odfjell_Drilling=Odfjell Drilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Corporation_of_India=Food Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugendubel=Hugendubel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Technologies=Horizon Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMI_Corporation=RMI Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sozvezdie=Sozvezdie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teollisuuden_Voima=Teollisuuden Voima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Systems_Military_Air_&_Information=BAE Systems Military Air & Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davisco_Foods_International=Davisco Foods International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ErgoGroup=ErgoGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bank_and_Trust=First Bank and Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalberts_Industries=Aalberts Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonezawa_Toys=Yonezawa Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZAPiT_Games=ZAPiT Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toolstation=Toolstation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autogrill=Autogrill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_City_Java=Port City Java
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VELUX=VELUX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensory_Sweep_Studios=Sensory Sweep Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Milan=Ubisoft Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mpower_Pictures=Mpower Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InsideView=InsideView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream_Processors,_Inc=Stream Processors, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Made_Knives=Randall Made Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakhalin_Energy=Sakhalin Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamada_Corporation=Yamada Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Donning_Company=The Donning Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maeda_Corporation=Maeda Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Smelting_and_Aluminum_Company=Electric Smelting and Aluminum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureau_Veritas=Bureau Veritas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Software_Planning_&_Development=Nintendo Software Planning & Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamasa=Yamasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Industrial_Property_Office=Norwegian Industrial Property Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinjiang_Xinxin_Mining_Industry_Company=Xinjiang Xinxin Mining Industry Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MC2_France=MC2 France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertel_O._Steen=Bertel O. Steen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Tackle_Company=Acme Tackle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kistefos=Kistefos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salini_Impregilo=Salini Impregilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Viking_Icebreaking_&_Offshore=Trans Viking Icebreaking & Offshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Networks=Garden Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_BAM_Group=Royal BAM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xobni=Xobni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_Prix=Coop Prix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_Mega=Coop Mega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_Obs!=Coop Obs!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_Marked=Coop Marked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Telecommunications=Open Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melhus_Energi=Melhus Energi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivox=Vivox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istad=Istad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroPlace=MicroPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troms_Kraft=Troms Kraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maersk_Drilling=Maersk Drilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamiye_Brothers=Mamiye Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongsberg_Automotive=Kongsberg Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HelgelandsKraft=HelgelandsKraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibex_Outdoor_Clothing=Ibex Outdoor Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_RDC=Orange RDC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BE&K=BE&K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitusapotek=Vitusapotek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ditt_Apotek=Ditt Apotek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apotek_1=Apotek 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Chocolat=Hotel Chocolat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigier_Guitars=Vigier Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_and_Eastern_Norway_Regional_Health_Authority=Southern and Eastern Norway Regional Health Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Corporation=Lord Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parachute_Publishing=Parachute Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frigoglass=Frigoglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khosla_Ventures=Khosla Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Place=Better Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICMA=ICMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrot_(company)=Parrot (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heneghan_Peng=Heneghan Peng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Produce_(company)=Produce (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XTuple=XTuple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimi_(Norway)=Rimi (Norway)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwi_(store)=Kiwi (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uponor=Uponor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-2-3_(fuel_station)=1-2-3 (fuel station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statoil_(fuel_station)=Statoil (fuel station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer's_Retail=Spencer's Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanquest=Avanquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navibulgar=Navibulgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Related_Companies=The Related Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witcomb_Cycles=Witcomb Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ManTech_International=ManTech International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montague_Bikes=Montague Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIN_Group=PIN Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince's_Charities=The Prince's Charities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_of_Motion_Picture_and_Television_Producers=Alliance of Motion Picture and Television Producers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayotte_Drums=Ayotte Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noise_(company)=Noise (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Railway_Engineering_Corporation=China Railway Engineering Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Investment=Cascade Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narvik_Energi=Narvik Energi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPT_Word_Processors=CPT Word Processors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan's_Meats=Jordan's Meats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_&_Colonial_Investment_Trust=Foreign & Colonial Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Rast=William Rast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SThree=SThree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transports_Metropolitans_de_Barcelona=Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Corporation=Israel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyages_Television=Voyages Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Energy_Digital=Dark Energy Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexis_S.A.=Hexis S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cammenga=Cammenga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_and_Will=Perkins and Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salten_Kraftsamband=Salten Kraftsamband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KACE_Networks=KACE Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleinschmidt_Inc=Kleinschmidt Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&T_(company)=S&T (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbra_Software=Umbra Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quote.com=Quote.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malt_Shovel_Brewery=Malt Shovel Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu_Consulting_India=Fujitsu Consulting India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hills_Institute_of_Geological_Research=Black Hills Institute of Geological Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campina_GmbH=Campina GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwood_Oceanics=Atwood Oceanics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobotomy_Software=Lobotomy Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent's_Health_System=St. Vincent's Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snam=Snam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Rayon=Mitsubishi Rayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pizza_Company=The Pizza Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C3_Presents=C3 Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_Fitness=Equinox Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SirsiDynix=SirsiDynix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEPU=SEPU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmond_(company)=Belmond (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan-Peninsular_Car_Company=Michigan-Peninsular Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Capital_Interbanca=GE Capital Interbanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASIX=ASIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvin_Klein=Calvin Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Diner=Silver Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emfesz=Emfesz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tehran_Press=University of Tehran Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Chem=LG Chem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Index_Ventures=Index Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mode_Media=Mode Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Shuttle_Service=City Shuttle Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jervis_B._Webb_Company=Jervis B. Webb Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Press=Industrial Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Central_Wireless=West Central Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_&_King=Martin & King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_State_Helicopters=Silver State Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toye,_Kenning_&_Spencer=Toye, Kenning & Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piriform_(company)=Piriform (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Booth_and_Company=Alfred Booth and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairieland_Park=Prairieland Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Coal=Patriot Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istithmar_World=Istithmar World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cone_Mills_Corporation=Cone Mills Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Univa=Univa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yates's=Yates's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitby_Seafoods_Ltd=Whitby Seafoods Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Typewriter_Company=Oliver Typewriter Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licher_Privatbrauerei=Licher Privatbrauerei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miniatur_Wunderland=Miniatur Wunderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Mobility=Siemens Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Bank=Zenith Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_Kid=Renegade Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PetroSun=PetroSun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paperchase=Paperchase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronos_Incorporated=Kronos Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Apparatus=Harvard Apparatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truvo=Truvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TalkTalk_Group=TalkTalk Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSKB_Almaz-Antey=GSKB Almaz-Antey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overture_Networks=Overture Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guys_(Australian_company)=The Good Guys (Australian company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolat_Frey=Chocolat Frey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Ducks=Ride the Ducks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo_Burger=Halo Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zentiva=Zentiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYSTRA=SYSTRA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkins_Constructors=Elkins Constructors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Television_Network=Arabian Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Surgical_Technology=Pioneer Surgical Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Technology_Group=Aviation Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_Transport=Covenant Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sultan_Center=The Sultan Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addition_Elle=Addition Elle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PLUS_Expressways=PLUS Expressways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsica_Ferries_-_Sardinia_Ferries=Corsica Ferries - Sardinia Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DYE_Precision=DYE Precision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HannStar_Display_Corporation=HannStar Display Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Investment_House=Global Investment House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_One_(satellite_operator)=Star One (satellite operator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wealth_Transfer_Group=Wealth Transfer Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En+_Group=En+ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Student_Association_of_the_Norwegian_School_of_Economics=The Student Association of the Norwegian School of Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fidesco_Group=Fidesco Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogado_Studio=Kogado Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenTech_ITM=GreenTech ITM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadside_Attractions=Roadside Attractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruse_International=Kruse International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxco=Luxco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircell=Aircell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermann_Peters=Hermann Peters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RealAge=RealAge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walsworth_Publishing_Company=Walsworth Publishing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vonnegut_Hardware_Company=Vonnegut Hardware Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modu=Modu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Seasons_Health_Care=Four Seasons Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDP_Renewables_North_America=EDP Renewables North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEXTV=NEXTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonezawa_PR21=Yonezawa PR21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Studios=Central Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye-Fi=Eye-Fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philtrust_Bank=Philtrust Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTAC=DTAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leighton_Holdings=Leighton Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongolian_Stock_Exchange=Mongolian Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evonik_Industries=Evonik Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schiffer_Publishing=Schiffer Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalier_Telephone=Cavalier Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tong_Li_Publishing=Tong Li Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rejlers=Rejlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sage_Hospitality_Resources=Sage Hospitality Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H5_(French_company)=H5 (French company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_International_Blood_and_Marrow_Transplant_Research=Center for International Blood and Marrow Transplant Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senvion=Senvion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EB_Games_Australia=EB Games Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MXenergy=MXenergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Credit_Insurance_&_Surety_Association=International Credit Insurance & Surety Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Film_Office=North Carolina Film Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TalkSwitch=TalkSwitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox-Klemin_Aircraft_Corporation=Cox-Klemin Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Aerospace_Science_and_Industry_Corporation=China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vocelli_Pizza=Vocelli Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie_Thiriez=Brasserie Thiriez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myllykoski_Corporation=Myllykoski Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prvi_Partizan=Prvi Partizan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillowtex_Corporation=Pillowtex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_Top_(ice_cream)=Tip Top (ice cream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panasas=Panasas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobby_Express=Hobby Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKS_Microfinance=SKS Microfinance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._E._Chambers_Company=R. E. Chambers Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deccan_Development_Society=Deccan Development Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Packet=Acme Packet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss-stick=Bliss-stick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Marine=Atlantic Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redtribe=Redtribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Tall_Sally_Clothing=Long Tall Sally Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmann_&_Weiss=Hartmann & Weiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizkan=Mizkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuze,_Inc.=Vuze, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24/7_Customer=24/7 Customer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4J_Studios=4J Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velti=Velti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amato's=Amato's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortissimo_Films=Fortissimo Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_Family_Vacations=R Family Vacations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Eye=Artificial Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Hair_Day=Good Hair Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LUNA_Bar=LUNA Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrofac=Petrofac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cody's_Books=Cody's Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Food_Safety_Authority=Norwegian Food Safety Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisnow_Media=Bisnow Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainwright_Bank=Wainwright Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S3_Group=S3 Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidelberger_Druckmaschinen=Heidelberger Druckmaschinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADAS_(company)=ADAS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zappos=Zappos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azul_Systems=Azul Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartDrive_Systems=SmartDrive Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seekda=Seekda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parnall_&_Sons=Parnall & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slant_Six_Games=Slant Six Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streamlight=Streamlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matheson_(automobile)=Matheson (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Dick_(restaurant)=Moby Dick (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Snacks_Company=Lincoln Snacks Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoetrope_Interactive=Zoetrope Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industria_Cartaria_Pieretti=Industria Cartaria Pieretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XPress_Telecom=XPress Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoopy=Zoopy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Adlam_&_Sons=George Adlam & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monaco_Coach_Corporation=Monaco Coach Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picobrouwerij_Alvinne=Picobrouwerij Alvinne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REWE_Group=REWE Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTI_International_Metals=RTI International Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Theatrical_Group=Disney Theatrical Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3dvia=3dvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradivarius_(Inditex)=Stradivarius (Inditex)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Hill_Vineyard=Stony Hill Vineyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Blue_Bubble=Big Blue Bubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin_(automobile)=Corbin (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Design=Lunar Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nib_Health_Funds=Nib Health Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sartorius_AG=Sartorius AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GHD_Group=GHD Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loewe_AG=Loewe AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thon_Hotels=Thon Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headwaters_Incorporated=Headwaters Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebrand_Games=Firebrand Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celulose_Irani=Celulose Irani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estey_Organ=Estey Organ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counter=The Counter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosendin_Electric=Rosendin Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zentropa=Zentropa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Trading_Company=Oriental Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vox_Talent=Vox Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Rail_Property=Network Rail Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Activision_Blizzard=Activision Blizzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Harbor_Comics=Happy Harbor Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_XL_Group=Destination XL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghezzi_&_Brian=Ghezzi & Brian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Patent_Institute=Nordic Patent Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PEMCO=PEMCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Davies_Company=William Davies Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Salmon_Ltd=J Salmon Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESPN_Inc.=ESPN Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohrbach_Brewing_Company=Rohrbach Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASET_(professional_body)=ASET (professional body)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaleWorlds_Entertainment=TaleWorlds Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercator_Limited=Mercator Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrozzeria_Castagna=Carrozzeria Castagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarcadero_Technologies=Embarcadero Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyrstar=Nyrstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velyka_Kyshenia=Velyka Kyshenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaus_Energia=Manaus Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schopf=Schopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InXitu=InXitu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Fables=Mr. Fables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COPC_Inc.=COPC Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abels_Shipbuilders=Abels Shipbuilders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collabora=Collabora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwikpoint=Kwikpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federated_Insurance_Company_of_Canada=Federated Insurance Company of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magazine_Management=Magazine Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra_State_Power_Generation_Company=Maharashtra State Power Generation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal_Oil_Corporation=Nepal Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electra_Guitars=Electra Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_of_Guinea=Company of Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watersun_Swimwear=Watersun Swimwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamotive_Energy_Systems=Dynamotive Energy Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagin_(studio)=Imagin (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turley_Publications=Turley Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labour_India=Labour India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeann_Chin=Leeann Chin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muir_Homes=Muir Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauer_Media_Group=Bauer Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuProprio.com=DuProprio.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProAssurance=ProAssurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurel_&_Prom=Maurel & Prom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECO_Canada=ECO Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USB_Corporation=USB Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCOTT_Sports=SCOTT Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No-IP=No-IP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilhouse=Hilhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_Interactive=Gravity Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ek_Commando_Knife_Co.=Ek Commando Knife Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Properties_Group=Thomas Properties Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AED_Oil=AED Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOHO_China=SOHO China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Telecom=Wind Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Green_Fund=Virgin Green Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavers_Shoes=Pavers Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemper_Corporation=Kemper Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kneissl=Kneissl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Ales=Bath Ales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GridPoint=GridPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventine_Renewable_Energy=Aventine Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verbio=Verbio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshslice_Pizza=Freshslice Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunCruz_Casinos=SunCruz Casinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MirCorp=MirCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Data_Engineering_Systems_Corporation=NTT Data Engineering Systems Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_(automobile)=Allied (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extol_International=Extol International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Crow_(automobile)=Black Crow (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballet_Fantastique=Ballet Fantastique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuze_Box=Fuze Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NH_Hotel_Group=NH Hotel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APM_Terminals=APM Terminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Publishers_(Australia)=Universal Publishers (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Restaurants=Prime Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeroCraft=HeroCraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTZ=DTZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Overseas_Land_and_Investment_Limited=China Overseas Land and Investment Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wardrop_Engineering_Inc.=Wardrop Engineering Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Corporation_of_India=Cotton Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targanta_Therapeutics_Corporation=Targanta Therapeutics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_Sleep_Play=Eat Sleep Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmeuse=Carmeuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzy_Power=Puzzy Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsworth=Huntsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_King=Rural King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracta=Tracta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantage_Hospitality=Vantage Hospitality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakowitz=Sakowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Henry_&_Associates=Jack Henry & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_Associates=Jump Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Payments=Global Payments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundream_Motion_Pictures=Sundream Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robeez=Robeez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIE_Automotive=CIE Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebro_Foods=Ebro Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumont_Animation=Gaumont Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libyan_Investment_Authority=Libyan Investment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fersa_Energias_Renovables=Fersa Energias Renovables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jotun_(company)=Jotun (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Tool_Company=Pacific Tool Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.Communication=G.Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_AG=Sick AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Graphic=Vector Graphic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valu-Mart=Valu-Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_Moves=Winning Moves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Awful=Something Awful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goozex=Goozex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChoicesUK=ChoicesUK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrainCorp=GrainCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrimeTel_PLC=PrimeTel PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornhub=Pornhub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Media_Group=Global Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primal_Pictures=Primal Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASOS.com=ASOS.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Film_Group_Corporation=China Film Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salehoo=Salehoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogakobo=Dogakobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Attractions=Acme Attractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SA_Waste_Holdings=SA Waste Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phibro=Phibro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIMPLE_Group=SIMPLE Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Foods=House Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Resorts=Crown Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LDK_Solar_Co=LDK Solar Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drishtee=Drishtee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayPhone=PlayPhone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zlango=Zlango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PetMeds=PetMeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentosin=Pentosin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Harvest_Bread_Company=Great Harvest Bread Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Sentry=Travel Sentry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexton_Foods=Sexton Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky-Watcher=Sky-Watcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashin_Sazi_Tabriz=Mashin Sazi Tabriz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Systems_Corporation=Network Systems Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Music_Australia=Universal Music Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsons_Malls=Robinsons Malls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dojindo=Dojindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haskell_Company=The Haskell Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cafe_Rio=Cafe Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yugoimport_SDPR=Yugoimport SDPR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golis_Telecom_Somalia=Golis Telecom Somalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.Republic=E.Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._W._Walker_&_Sons_Ltd=J. W. Walker & Sons Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proventus=Proventus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genmab=Genmab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gekkeikan=Gekkeikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg_Srbija=Carlsberg Srbija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalSign=GlobalSign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lerch_Bates=Lerch Bates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Tree_(boutique)=Blue Tree (boutique)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Winner's_Chicken_&_Biscuits=Mrs. Winner's Chicken & Biscuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmashholding=Transmashholding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukui_Television_Broadcasting=Fukui Television Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolsover_Colliery_Company=Bolsover Colliery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozburn-Hessey_Logistics=Ozburn-Hessey Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_x-ray_free_electron_laser=European x-ray free electron laser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillar_Data_Systems=Pillar Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omninet=Omninet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savings.com=Savings.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_A_Child_Smile=Make A Child Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Editora_Globo=Editora Globo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brastilo=Brastilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Folha=Grupo Folha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Marine_Shipyard=Western Marine Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambers_Harrap=Chambers Harrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingas=Wingas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Hispano=Tata Hispano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_Depository=The Book Depository
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PriceGrabber=PriceGrabber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VEB_Typoart=VEB Typoart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Cinemas=Fun Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CareSouth=CareSouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciberbit=Ciberbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Tribes_B.V.=Two Tribes B.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splashdot=Splashdot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Interactive=Move Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_National_Industries=Australian National Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zee_News=Zee News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitArmor=BitArmor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roshan_(telco)=Roshan (telco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papastratos=Papastratos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Paints=Asian Paints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tour_de_Cure=Tour de Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimus_S.A.=Optimus S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Engineering=Clyde Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_Art_Glass_Company=Fenton Art Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VISA_Steel=VISA Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&S_Cycle=S&S Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IOSYS=IOSYS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champs_Sports=Champs Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahoo's_Fish_Taco=Wahoo's Fish Taco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes_Mandelieu_Space_Center=Cannes Mandelieu Space Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Markets=Quality Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexient=Nexient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matco_Tools=Matco Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siam_Piwat=Siam Piwat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lending_Club=Lending Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promises_Treatment_Centers=Promises Treatment Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockport_National_Bank=Rockport National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_State_Foods=Golden State Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Accounting_Association=American Accounting Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReCellular=ReCellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khmer_Mekong_Films=Khmer Mekong Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calao_Systems=Calao Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Conference_on_Language_Resources_and_Evaluation=International Conference on Language Resources and Evaluation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheppard_Robson=Sheppard Robson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevmash=Sevmash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Initiative_Japan=Internet Initiative Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Fleece_Company=Golden Fleece Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastek=Mastek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Roadshow_Entertainment_Group=Village Roadshow Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takahashi_Seisakusho=Takahashi Seisakusho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaltura=Kaltura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bianchi_Bicycles=Bianchi Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quattro_GmbH=Quattro GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Dutch_Mint=Royal Dutch Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attic_Books=Attic Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penta-Ocean=Penta-Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_Master=Spin Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karachi_Shipyard=Karachi Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AREP=AREP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Bane=Norsk Bane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windward_Performance=Windward Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JLG_Industries=JLG Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_Filmworks=Odessa Filmworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Media=River Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson's_Candy_Company=Pearson's Candy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Tubes=Fine Tubes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Dyas=Robert Dyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discover_Primary_Science=Discover Primary Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahrens-Fox_Fire_Engine_Company=Ahrens-Fox Fire Engine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIMCO=TIMCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notimex=Notimex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_Coal=Arch Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hot_&_Blue_(restaurant)=Red Hot & Blue (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Racing_Series=Toyota Racing Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aamir_Khan_Productions=Aamir Khan Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Housing_Limited=Eastern Housing Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplay=Multiplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elanex=Elanex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Center_for_Simulation=National Center for Simulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masimo=Masimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicadium=Musicadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levitz_Furniture=Levitz Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Transformer_Corporation=Virginia Transformer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siremar=Siremar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saremar=Saremar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toremar=Toremar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamit_Nobel=Dynamit Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord_Anglia_Education=Nord Anglia Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FatWire=FatWire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetSuite=NetSuite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Components_Inc.=Engine Components Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Amplifiers=Randall Amplifiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterlite_Industries=Sterlite Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boyd_Company=The Boyd Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambon=Zambon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindesmith_Center=Lindesmith Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hy-Line_Cruises=Hy-Line Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Music=Lone Star Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macmahon_Holdings=Macmahon Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keells_Computer_Services=John Keells Computer Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auer+Weber+Assoziierte=Auer+Weber+Assoziierte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfran_International=Mayfran International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interactive_Investor_International=Interactive Investor International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recyclebank=Recyclebank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burl's_Aircraft=Burl's Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_District_Nursing_Service_(Victoria)=Royal District Nursing Service (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vallacar_Transit_Corporation=Vallacar Transit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azure_Dynamics=Azure Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Electric_Vehicles=Smith Electric Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBX_Group=IBX Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVS_Ferrari=CVS Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monitor_Deloitte=Monitor Deloitte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peters_(bakery)=Peters (bakery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gezira_Sporting_Club=Gezira Sporting Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubrizol=Lubrizol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Wolf_Films=Fred Wolf Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynergy_Data=Cynergy Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Bancorp=West Coast Bancorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Angel_(studio)=Evil Angel (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoonew=Yoonew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxtons=Foxtons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lojas_Renner=Lojas Renner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Testing_Service=National Testing Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RotoHog=RotoHog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espresso_Vivace=Espresso Vivace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_Arms=Bond Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elematic=Elematic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuovo_Trasporto_Viaggiatori=Nuovo Trasporto Viaggiatori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbey_Ales_Brewery=Abbey Ales Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock/Creek=Rock/Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantrel_Co.=Bantrel Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_National_Oil_Company=Emirates National Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagar_Films=Sagar Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Industry_Corporation=Military Industry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millet_(manufacturer)=Millet (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staveley_Coal_and_Iron_Company=Staveley Coal and Iron Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse_Arms_Company=Syracuse Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vino_100=Vino 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollack_Netter_and_Co=Bollack Netter and Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snappy_Tomato_Pizza=Snappy Tomato Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphite_Capital=Graphite Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDG_International_Group=HDG International Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C1000=C1000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Helicopters=Carson Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workfront=Workfront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unican_Security_Systems=Unican Security Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marketside=Marketside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokaido_(company)=Tokaido (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Meson_Sandwiches=El Meson Sandwiches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centropolis_Entertainment=Centropolis Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webfusion=Webfusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESS_Technology=ESS Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Public_Films=Joe Public Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Arnold_Music=Stephen Arnold Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunsuper=Sunsuper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Seafoods=American Seafoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Sports_Clothing=International Sports Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Power=Reliance Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundelux=Soundelux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airline_Allied_Services=Airline Allied Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMAC_Insurance=GMAC Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Star_Brewing_Company=Southern Star Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxtera=Luxtera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Sportswear=Samurai Sportswear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braithwaite,_Burn_&_Jessop_Construction_Company=Braithwaite, Burn & Jessop Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengal_Chemicals_and_Pharmaceuticals=Bengal Chemicals and Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Bhari_Udyog_Nigam=Bharat Bhari Udyog Nigam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Dynamics=Bharat Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Immunologicals_and_Biologicals_Corporation=Bharat Immunologicals and Biologicals Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Pumps_&_Compressors=Bharat Pumps & Compressors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/01_Communique=01 Communique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adyen=Adyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Media_Corp.=Atlas Media Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Toys=Discovery Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_and_Roof_Company_(India)=Bridge and Roof Company (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_India_Corporation=British India Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Standard_Company=Burn Standard Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AE_Smith=AE Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikusi=Ikusi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irevna=Irevna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilfisk-Advance=Nilfisk-Advance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggar_Clothing=Haggar Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technics_(brand)=Technics (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motoman=Motoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill-Stevens_Drydock_&_Repair_Co.=Merrill-Stevens Drydock & Repair Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearswift=Clearswift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Ranch=Harris Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiniq=Qiniq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Air=Urban Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbridge_Silverware=Newbridge Silverware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodacom_Tanzania=Vodacom Tanzania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreider-Reisner=Kreider-Reisner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economist_Intelligence_Unit=Economist Intelligence Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sims_Metal_Management=Sims Metal Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mincom_(company)=Mincom (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smallworld_Cable=Smallworld Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Water_(company)=American Water (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HelioVolt=HelioVolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savin_(photocopiers)=Savin (photocopiers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHRISTUS_Health=CHRISTUS Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_Films=Laurel Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoopNet=LoopNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlphaSim=AlphaSim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_University_Campus_Experience=Macquarie University Campus Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTEEP=CTEEP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NKT_Holding=NKT Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEAT_Limited=CEAT Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Business_and_Industry_Council=United States Business and Industry Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surabaya_Stock_Exchange=Surabaya Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Sciences=Sierra Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LucidEra=LucidEra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hublot=Hublot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLSmidth=FLSmidth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyHeritage=MyHeritage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envipco=Envipco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angoss=Angoss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay's_the_Word_(bookshop)=Gay's the Word (bookshop)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Studios=Radical Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Harbor_Homes=Palm Harbor Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Media_Holdings=Consolidated Media Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcon_Motorcycles=Falcon Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FBOP_Corporation=FBOP Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larian_Studios=Larian Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_and_Water_Corporation=Power and Water Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Sunergy=China Sunergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telestial=Telestial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFS_Trinity=AFS Trinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_Roadshow_Studios=Village Roadshow Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleris=Aleris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BP_Prudhoe_Bay_Royalty_Trust=BP Prudhoe Bay Royalty Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmacon,_Inc.=Dharmacon, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperVillain_Studios=SuperVillain Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Industrial_Technologies=Applied Industrial Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Schulman=A. Schulman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InduSoft=InduSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIDA_Cruises=AIDA Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eatza_Pizza=Eatza Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agami_Systems=Agami Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solazyme=Solazyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Properties=Oxford Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Telecoms=On Telecoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teavana=Teavana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Havilland_Aviation=De Havilland Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_Aeros_Corp=Worldwide Aeros Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Paper=Australian Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industria_(company)=Industria (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooley_Sword=Pooley Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Albania=Vodafone Albania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Hungary=Vodafone Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Wing=Front Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronet_Camera_Company=Coronet Camera Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Point_Energy=Crescent Point Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Dragons_Paper_Holdings_Limited=Nine Dragons Paper Holdings Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grays_International=Grays International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAM_Transport=PAM Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piloto_Cigars_Inc.=Piloto Cigars Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightstream_Resources=Lightstream Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avolution=Avolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentino_SpA=Valentino SpA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQon_Technologies=IQon Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanley_Wood=Hanley Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inductive_Automation=Inductive Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Automobiltechnik=Hay Automobiltechnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valence_Technology=Valence Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Machine_Company=The Singing Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedman's_Inc.=Friedman's Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monogram_Biosciences=Monogram Biosciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventist_Mission=Adventist Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STX_Offshore_&_Shipbuilding=STX Offshore & Shipbuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academy_Comics=Academy Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferro_Corporation=Ferro Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Pekao=Bank Pekao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiratone=Spiratone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeakerCraft=SpeakerCraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichijinsha=Ichijinsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensoniq_ASR-10=Ensoniq ASR-10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Workshops=Hutt Workshops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darrall_Macqueen_Ltd=Darrall Macqueen Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elderly_Instruments=Elderly Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._T's_Pierogies=Mrs. T's Pierogies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Investors_Life_Insurance_Company=United Investors Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Life_and_Accident_Insurance_Company=Globe Life and Accident Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_American_Insurance_Company=United American Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_United_American_Life_Insurance_Company=First United American Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Income_Life_Insurance_Company=American Income Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahava=Ahava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaranty_Trust_Bank=Guaranty Trust Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearno's=Bearno's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SVM_(company)=SVM (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCM,_Inc.=PCM, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypronia=Cypronia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmidt_&_Bender=Schmidt & Bender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldinger's_Market=Baldinger's Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IAV=IAV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EEsof=EEsof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizzard_Sport=Blizzard Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vista_Broadcast_Group=Vista Broadcast Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptek=Cryptek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fufeng_Group=Fufeng Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Shipping_Company_of_Saudi_Arabia=National Shipping Company of Saudi Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yingli=Yingli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quanta_Technology=Quanta Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SparkFun_Electronics=SparkFun Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prolexic_Technologies,_now_a_part_of_Akamai=Prolexic Technologies, now a part of Akamai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yodobashi_Camera=Yodobashi Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSI_Micro=SSI Micro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donor_Sibling_Registry=Donor Sibling Registry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krauthammer=Krauthammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryobi=Ryobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MonaVie=MonaVie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laverda_(harvesters)=Laverda (harvesters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_&_Wyoming_Australia=Genesee & Wyoming Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sino-Ocean_Land=Sino-Ocean Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soheil_Mosun=Soheil Mosun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Malta=Vodafone Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westar_Energy=Westar Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primus_Telecommunications_(Australia)=Primus Telecommunications (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanvin_(company)=Lanvin (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippincott=Lippincott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Finance_UK=Social Finance UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MER_MEC=MER MEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laima_(confectioner)=Laima (confectioner)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Library_Associates_Companies=Library Associates Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMP_Worldwide_Advertising_and_Communications=TMP Worldwide Advertising and Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirius_Corporation_Ltd=Sirius Corporation Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ron_Jon_Surf_Shop=Ron Jon Surf Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Publishing=Aurora Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_GLT_India=HSBC GLT India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facets_Multi-Media=Facets Multi-Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FEMESA=FEMESA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacyr_Vallehermoso=Sacyr Vallehermoso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGM_Green=EGM Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fomento_de_Construcciones_y_Contratas=Fomento de Construcciones y Contratas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ULPower_Aero_Engines=ULPower Aero Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eterna=Eterna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChenOne=ChenOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Overground_Rail_Operations_Limited=London Overground Rail Operations Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIVA_Films=VIVA Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyodo_Senpaku=Kyodo Senpaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petone_Workshops=Petone Workshops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relaxnews=Relaxnews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molton_Brown=Molton Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacker_Chemie=Wacker Chemie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excela_Health=Excela Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torker=Torker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Coast_Feather_Company=Pacific Coast Feather Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Holland_Group=John Holland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunWater=SunWater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Home_Entertainment=Community Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Materials_Group_Corporation=China National Materials Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parmigiani_Fleurier=Parmigiani Fleurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahle_GmbH=Mahle GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triad_Securities=Triad Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixpoint_Brewery=Sixpoint Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gushan_Environmental_Energy=Gushan Environmental Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Nickel_Pizza_Company=Glass Nickel Pizza Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Blackbird_002=HP Blackbird 002
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superb_Internet=Superb Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgrano_Cargas=Belgrano Cargas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Stuff=Right Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodland_Hawaii=Foodland Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WNS_Global_Services=WNS Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediclinic_International=Mediclinic International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comicraft=Comicraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EchoStar=EchoStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Oil_&_Gas=Chief Oil & Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasys_Mobile=Oasys Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfe_Laboratories=Wolfe Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrick_Manufacturing_Company=Hendrick Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Computer_Network=Open Computer Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Heavy_Industries_Motorcycle_&_Engine=Kawasaki Heavy Industries Motorcycle & Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Plala=NTT Plala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TikGames=TikGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_(electronics_retailer)=Henry's (electronics retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIGLOBE=BIGLOBE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nifty_Corporation=Nifty Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learndirect=Learndirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_&_Tinker=Smith & Tinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TenneT=TenneT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt_&_Whitney_Measurement_Systems=Pratt & Whitney Measurement Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terram=Terram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGB_Nielsen_Philippines=AGB Nielsen Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nu_Breed_Music_Group=The Nu Breed Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIPI_Alliance=MIPI Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zijin_Mining=Zijin Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servis=Servis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzuki_Musical_Instrument_Corporation=Suzuki Musical Instrument Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriftbooks=Thriftbooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_House_Project=Green House Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosovo_Railways=Kosovo Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yardley_of_London=Yardley of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vir2L_Studios=Vir2L Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZeniMax_Online_Studios=ZeniMax Online Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansory=Mansory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_West_Exploration=Penn West Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVADirect=AVADirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aman_Resorts=Aman Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zazzle=Zazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownsea_Island_Ferries_Ltd=Brownsea Island Ferries Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongsberg_Spacetec=Kongsberg Spacetec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeeReal_Technologies=SeeReal Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ION_Geophysical=ION Geophysical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transportadora_de_Gas_del_Sur=Transportadora de Gas del Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Alarm=Guardian Alarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clubland_(dance_brand)=Clubland (dance brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapEasy=MapEasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checker_Book_Publishing_Group=Checker Book Publishing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.E.K._Consulting=L.E.K. Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latigent=Latigent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reddaway_(trucking_company)=Reddaway (trucking company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pindad=Pindad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahria_Town=Bahria Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldCall=WorldCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seatruck_Ferries=Seatruck Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulsus_Group=Pulsus Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Road,_Inc.=Amber Road, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Fyne_Restaurants=Loch Fyne Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenar=Lenar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEV_(company)=SEV (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavegen=Wavegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EganaGoldpfeil_(Holdings)_Ltd.=EganaGoldpfeil (Holdings) Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T3_(The_Think_Tank)=T3 (The Think Tank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Ski-Lift=Hall Ski-Lift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathstore=Bathstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_(mixed_martial_arts)=Dream (mixed martial arts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Ten_Footwear=Five Ten Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K+S=K+S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morse_Dry_Dock_and_Repair_Company=Morse Dry Dock and Repair Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attica_Group=Attica Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidroelectrica=Hidroelectrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_University_Health=Indiana University Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barfield,_Inc.=Barfield, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLane_Advanced_Technologies=McLane Advanced Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Function_Drinks=Function Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterCall=InterCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMF_AeroAsia=GMF AeroAsia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astrobotic_Technology=Astrobotic Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriQuint_Semiconductor=TriQuint Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ec3_Global=Ec3 Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Securities_Depository_Limited=National Securities Depository Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videoton_(company)=Videoton (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euronav=Euronav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salzgitter_AG=Salzgitter AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usiminas=Usiminas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReplicaNet=ReplicaNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Editorial=Norma Editorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entellium=Entellium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technogym=Technogym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruter=Ruter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAZe=KAZe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglu=Eglu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_&_Murphy=Johnston & Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Post=Hellenic Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldenfry=Goldenfry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Clark_Company=David Clark Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma_Designs=Sigma Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higer_Bus=Higer Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Air=Fantasy Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Building_Material_Company=China National Building Material Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3Roam=3Roam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasuremytext=Treasuremytext
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania_Telecommunications_Company_Limited=Tanzania Telecommunications Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbit=Nimbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidtopia=Bidtopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Entertainment=Lotte Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damovo=Damovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nextel_Communications=Nextel Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASTAR_(company)=ASTAR (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Lo_Food_Stores=Hi-Lo Food Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reddy_Ice=Reddy Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AusNet_Services=AusNet Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kona_Brewing_Company=Kona Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.A.Works=P.A.Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Termoelectrica=Termoelectrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclearelectrica=Nuclearelectrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrica=Electrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Boskalis_Westminster=Royal Boskalis Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhiteTie=WhiteTie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Music_Publishing=Downtown Music Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhushan_Steel=Bhushan Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FFE_Transportation=FFE Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bybee_Pottery=Bybee Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.E._Unterberg,_Towbin=C.E. Unterberg, Towbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chio_Lim_Stone_Forest=Chio Lim Stone Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jai_Balaji_group=Jai Balaji group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Films=Pacific Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esprida=Esprida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuronetics=Neuronetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Control_Corporation=Information Control Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECollege=ECollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiko_Films=Seiko Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etro=Etro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SandRidge_Energy=SandRidge Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OKD=OKD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVG_Technologies=AVG Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Brewery=King Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigaku=Rigaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_East_Shipping_Company=Far East Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fesco_Transport_Group=Fesco Transport Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odell_Brewing_Company=Odell Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hills_Corporation=Black Hills Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goetze's_Candy_Company=Goetze's Candy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Legends=Hong Kong Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempo_(car)=Tempo (car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvickly=Kvickly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunelm_Group=Dunelm Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Owl_(retail_chain)=Red Owl (retail chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Company_for_Rail_Transport=National Company for Rail Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novitec_Group=Novitec Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animation_Magic=Animation Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadshow_Entertainment=Roadshow Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venda_Inc=Venda Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Tram=M-Tram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chermayeff_&_Geismar_&_Haviv=Chermayeff & Geismar & Haviv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covanta_Energy=Covanta Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frictional_Games=Frictional Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIDI=SIDI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adirondack_Beverages=Adirondack Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DramaQueen=DramaQueen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_&_Bullough=Howard & Bullough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuten.com_Shopping=Rakuten.com Shopping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEO_LT=LEO LT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawtooth_Software=Sawtooth Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forum_Corporation=Forum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7digital=7digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmitt_Music=Schmitt Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbotech=Orbotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_Mountain_Publishing=Prairie Mountain Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds,_Smith_&_Hills=Reynolds, Smith & Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPNET=OPNET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consett_Iron_Company=Consett Iron Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'men=Mo'men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telly_(home_entertainment_server)=Telly (home entertainment server)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veveo,_Inc=Veveo, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veveo_Inc=Veveo Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_C=Fifth C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspa=Suspa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_MobileStore=The MobileStore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon,_Incorporated=National Lampoon, Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xstream_Pictures=Xstream Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinetic_Concepts=Kinetic Concepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokaro_Steel_Plant=Bokaro Steel Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RockShox=RockShox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savills_Studley=Savills Studley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biosearch_Technologies=Biosearch Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artisans_of_Leisure=Artisans of Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_Express=Panther Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chugai_Pharmaceutical_Co.=Chugai Pharmaceutical Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samchuly=Samchuly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchesa_(brand)=Marchesa (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPP_Investment_Board=CPP Investment Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamchoon_Women's_Clinic=Hamchoon Women's Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JENSEN-GROUP=JENSEN-GROUP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_or_Dead=Red or Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Learning=Amrita Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coveo=Coveo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landal_Greenparks=Landal Greenparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortefiel=Cortefiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Financial_Enterprises=Kerala State Financial Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotana_Group=Rotana Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumble_Bee_Foods=Bumble Bee Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tele2_UK_Services=Tele2 UK Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UltraBac=UltraBac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkema=Arkema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Signature=American Signature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico's_(clothing_retailer)=Chico's (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schottenstein_Stores_Corp.=Schottenstein Stores Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaumet=Chaumet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Degree_College=Aurora Degree College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransomes_&_Rapier=Ransomes & Rapier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Red_Software=Big Red Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercuria_Energy_Group=Mercuria Energy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekong_Capital=Mekong Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staples_Argentina=Staples Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janome=Janome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Vehicles=Stevens Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REVA=REVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Screw_Steam_Shipping_Company=General Screw Steam Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuh=Schuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VascoDe_Technologies=VascoDe Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visco_Corporation=Visco Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InNexus_Biotechnology=InNexus Biotechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_California=Blue California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_First_Europe=Health First Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventis=Eventis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taliworks=Taliworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotala=Rotala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabhat_Film_Company=Prabhat Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streit's=Streit's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porsche_Automobil_Holding_SE=Porsche Automobil Holding SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearMeeting=ClearMeeting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starmark=Starmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrust=Entrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Extreme_Brewing_Company=Coastal Extreme Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShareFile=ShareFile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscoe's_House_of_Chicken_and_Waffles=Roscoe's House of Chicken and Waffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_House_for_Medically_Fragile_Children=Dream House for Medically Fragile Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollys_Coffee=Hollys Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leading_Edge_Group=Leading Edge Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Surrey_Company=International Surrey Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxbridge_Applications=Oxbridge Applications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doublesix=Doublesix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_of_the_Americas=Partners of the Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accel_Partners=Accel Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_Mozart_Festival=Woodstock Mozart Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PerSay=PerSay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Classics=Orion Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIB_Group=GIB Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overbrook_Entertainment=Overbrook Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Championship_Wrestling=Northern Championship Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_Technologies=Edge Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationale-Nederlanden=Nationale-Nederlanden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda_Over_The_Counter_Exchange=Rwanda Over The Counter Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Tools=Mac Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hensley_&_Co.=Hensley & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minos_EMI=Minos EMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Wings=German Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOT_Services=WOT Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVM_(insurance)=TVM (insurance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_McHugh_Construction_Co=James McHugh Construction Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_City_(music_label)=Chocolate City (music label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopogy=Sopogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kintetsu_World_Express=Kintetsu World Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Arcs=Seven Arcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilson_Graphics=Gilson Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishimori_Productions=Ishimori Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmyjane=Jimmyjane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renren=Renren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SnapDragon_Games=SnapDragon Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aban_Offshore=Aban Offshore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamazaki_Mazak_Corporation=Yamazaki Mazak Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAFE_-_Tractors_and_Farm_Equipment_Limited=TAFE - Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNEB=TNEB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraphone=Extraphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semitan=Semitan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Sport_(Australia)=Dunlop Sport (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halcyon_Company=The Halcyon Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amlin=Amlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotork=Rotork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Boat_Club=Freedom Boat Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Software=Engine Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StrawberryFrog=StrawberryFrog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Technology=Creative Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HipSoft=HipSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Pacific_Insurance=China Pacific Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMART_(advertising_agency)=SMART (advertising agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Kong_Infrastructure_Holdings=Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COGAM=COGAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patheon=Patheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banpu=Banpu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Aviazione=Fiat Aviazione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Rubber=Dunlop Rubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_One=Uranium One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Financial_Group=BT Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergrande_Real_Estate_Group=Evergrande Real Estate Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polybona_Films=Polybona Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_(gasoline_automobile)=Ross (gasoline automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Forte_Land=Shanghai Forte Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_Canal_Container_Terminal=Suez Canal Container Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Group=Dubai Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_Automobile_Manufacturing_Company=Success Automobile Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computational_Research_Laboratories=Computational Research Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falken_Tire=Falken Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Cadastral_Information_Society=Integrated Cadastral Information Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itko=Itko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_First=Radio First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperors_Club_VIP=Emperors Club VIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winkysoft=Winkysoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qunxing_Paper=Qunxing Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peccadillo_Pictures=Peccadillo Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Landmines=No More Landmines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Shops=Richard Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfaudler=Pfaudler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeria_Press_Service=Algeria Press Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learn.com=Learn.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indumil=Indumil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbert_Dentressangle=Norbert Dentressangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peach_John=Peach John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perpetual_Limited=Perpetual Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromemco=Cromemco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittard_of_Chelsea=Whittard of Chelsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Holder=Groupe Holder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Railway_Construction_Corporation=China Railway Construction Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unica_Corporation=Unica Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinochem_Group=Sinochem Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Securities=CITIC Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEMO_Equipment=NEMO Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDNetworks=CDNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Voltage_Software=High Voltage Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceleware=Acceleware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pancheros_Mexican_Grill=Pancheros Mexican Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Babcock=Doosan Babcock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GasBuddy.com=GasBuddy.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Tickets=See Tickets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Venture_Tours=Air Venture Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Huaneng_Group=China Huaneng Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurekids=Futurekids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carino's_Italian=Carino's Italian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Ecology_Group=Scientific Ecology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JACOS=JACOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Apparel_and_Footwear_Association=American Apparel and Footwear Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Shirts=Hamilton Shirts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talis_Group=Talis Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sustainable_Tourism_CRC=Sustainable Tourism CRC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Power_Investment_Corporation=China Power Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carchex=Carchex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polson_Iron_Works_Limited=Polson Iron Works Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aritzia=Aritzia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBX_Group=EBX Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enthought=Enthought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Machines=Power Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Guodian_Corporation=China Guodian Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_Faience_Pottery=Ephraim Faience Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Charter=Virgin Charter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digit-Alb=Digit-Alb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_Marin=2K Marin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavalon_Tea=Tavalon Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landwirtschaftliche_Rentenbank=Landwirtschaftliche Rentenbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediapro=Mediapro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshalltown_Company=Marshalltown Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camper_(company)=Camper (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grifols=Grifols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inmobiliaria_Colonial=Inmobiliaria Colonial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberdrola_Renovables=Iberdrola Renovables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_&_Shell=Northern & Shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Huadian_Corporation=China Huadian Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steinbeis_Foundation=Steinbeis Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter-Ruck=Carter-Ruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadview_Security=Broadview Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accuride_International=Accuride International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Nepstar=China Nepstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaisilk=Khaisilk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosch_Solar_Energy=Bosch Solar Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borders_(UK)=Borders (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallmark_Business_Expressions=Hallmark Business Expressions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housing_&_Construction_Holding_Company_Limited=Housing & Construction Holding Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transtejo_&_Soflusa=Transtejo & Soflusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americana_Exchange=Americana Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMAM=IMAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Investment_Corporation=Korea Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metromix=Metromix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Refining=Western Refining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambu_(company)=Ambu (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Energy_Services=Key Energy Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_Financial_Corporation=Fulton Financial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascot_Books=Mascot Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reti_Radiotelevisive_Digitali=Reti Radiotelevisive Digitali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagerweb=Wagerweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CeX_(company)=CeX (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weinberg_Group=Weinberg Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Current_Communications_Group=Current Communications Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaltix=Kaltix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Clean_Energy=China Clean Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_C&T_Corporation=Samsung C&T Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_(Israeli_company)=Leaf (Israeli company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvern_Star=Malvern Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D/S_Norden=D/S Norden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_IHL=Hyundai IHL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMNOVA_Solutions=OMNOVA Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee_Scientific=Genesee Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Motor_Car_Company=Bell Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIC_Tanzania_Limited=MIC Tanzania Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BGW_Systems=BGW Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actors_Workshop=The Actors Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBK_Electronics=BBK Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_TV_Group=Digital TV Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldweaver_Ltd=Worldweaver Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mopeds_India_Limited=Mopeds India Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolidon=Jolidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Equipment_Corporation=Crown Equipment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madrigal_Shipping_Lines=Madrigal Shipping Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Wesson_Firearms=Dan Wesson Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Motor_Car_Company=Cole Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinchin_Johnson_&_Associates=Pinchin Johnson & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modernista!=Modernista!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graef,_Anhalt,_Schloemer_and_Associates_Inc.=Graef, Anhalt, Schloemer and Associates Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuoc_Sang_Films=Phuoc Sang Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haulotte_Group=Haulotte Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R&F_Properties=R&F Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMS-Helmets=CMS-Helmets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murex_(company)=Murex (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quite_Interesting_Limited=Quite Interesting Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldon_Enclosures=Eldon Enclosures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afghan_Telecom=Afghan Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baristas=Baristas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Tea_Co._Stores=International Tea Co. Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_Inc._(Atari,_SA_subsidiary)=Atari, Inc. (Atari, SA subsidiary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari_Interactive=Atari Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bataafse_Petroleum_Maatschappij=Bataafse Petroleum Maatschappij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwide_Solutions=Airwide Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_Group_Laboratory=Technical Group Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graco_(fluid_handling)=Graco (fluid handling)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humorama=Humorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanke=Vanke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EUROTEM=EUROTEM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neotonic_Software=Neotonic Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Select=Star Select
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Wheel_Corporation=Great Wheel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lab126=Lab126
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minera_San_Xavier=Minera San Xavier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Student_Agencies=Harvard Student Agencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_Moore_&_Co.=Benjamin Moore & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uralkali=Uralkali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Stephens=Robertson Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Tao_Software=Delta Tao Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CUSCO_Japan=CUSCO Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Cable=US Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visual_Planet=Visual Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SHS_International=SHS International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vergo_Retail=Vergo Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adept_Technology=Adept Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satmex=Satmex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JBS_S.A.=JBS S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida_Investment_Corporation=University of Florida Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPC_Broadband=UPC Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliw_Broadcasting_Corporation=Aliw Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Lung_Group=Hang Lung Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Software_Export_Board=Pakistan Software Export Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strem_Chemicals=Strem Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohort_Studios=Cohort Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Auto_Insurance_Company=Safe Auto Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawasaki_Aerospace_Company=Kawasaki Aerospace Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBH_Architects=MBH Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_and_Irish_Steam_Packet_Company=British and Irish Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lend_Lease_Project_Management_&_Construction=Lend Lease Project Management & Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manx_Line=Manx Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herrenknecht=Herrenknecht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Weasel=Wicked Weasel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_Rail_Agency_of_South_Africa=Passenger Rail Agency of South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microland=Microland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodda_Paint=Rodda Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Cerebral_Palsy=United Cerebral Palsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpectSoft=SpectSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile_India=Virgin Mobile India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&TLuxembourg=P&TLuxembourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektroniksystem-_und_Logistik-GmbH=Elektroniksystem- und Logistik-GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miniflex=Miniflex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoBe_Entertainment=SoBe Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freaky_Bean_Coffee_Company=The Freaky Bean Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seafood_City=Seafood City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_COSCO=China COSCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Cooper=Lee Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Minmetals=China Minmetals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melusine_(company)=Melusine (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooncan=Tooncan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrea_Electronics=Andrea Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixart=Pixart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_International_Marine_Containers=China International Marine Containers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COSCO_Pacific=COSCO Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crew972=Crew972
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steek_(brand)=Steek (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targetfollow=Targetfollow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franshion_Properties=Franshion Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nedlloyd=Nedlloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mer_(cosmetics)=La Mer (cosmetics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coskata,_Inc.=Coskata, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabond=Anabond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COSCO_(Hong_Kong)_Group=COSCO (Hong Kong) Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRTgaz=GRTgaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_Prospecting=Hancock Prospecting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris_Endeavor=William Morris Endeavor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Steak_Company=Kansas City Steak Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMI_Music_Publishing=EMI Music Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korek_Telecom=Korek Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liqui_Moly=Liqui Moly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Institute_of_Technology_Center_for_Robotics_and_Intelligent_Machines=Georgia Institute of Technology Center for Robotics and Intelligent Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Beverly_Hills=Camp Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TalkTalk_Business=TalkTalk Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nippon_Expressway_Company=West Nippon Expressway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_+_Chekene=Rutherford + Chekene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tencent=Tencent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetek=Magnetek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Films=Echo Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primavera_Systems=Primavera Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiba_Samsung_Storage_Technology=Toshiba Samsung Storage Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alhambra_Dinner_Theatre=Alhambra Dinner Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donghee=Donghee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bestseller_(company)=Bestseller (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Schenker=DB Schenker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandstream_Networks=Grandstream Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamkin_Grips=Lamkin Grips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopson_Development=Hopson Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_International_Accountants=Association of International Accountants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Films=Focus Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transatel=Transatel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falstaff_Brewing_Corporation=Falstaff Brewing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinzant_Software=Vinzant Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NP_Dodge_Company=NP Dodge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VW_Electronics_Research_Laboratory=VW Electronics Research Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunderman=Wunderman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Howard_(public_relations_firm)=Edward Howard (public relations firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stave_Puzzles=Stave Puzzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Robotics=Universal Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_&_Carry=Cash & Carry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holman_Brothers=Holman Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daewoo_Shipbuilding_&_Marine_Engineering=Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shurat_HaDin=Shurat HaDin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffmann_(motorcycle)=Hoffmann (motorcycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horex=Horex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brake_Bros=Brake Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&J_Seafood=M&J Seafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom_Telecom=Axiom Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Maritime=Atlas Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_(TWN)=Triumph (TWN)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aricom=Aricom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Terminals_Limited=Modern Terminals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operative_Media=Operative Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certisign=Certisign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(motorcycle)=Victoria (motorcycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_of_Industry_(record_label)=Captains of Industry (record label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onyx_Graphics=Onyx Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebara_Corporation=Ebara Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympia_Capital_Holdings=Olympia Capital Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozcom=Mozcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Harbour_Engineering=China Harbour Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aibel=Aibel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_Artist_Center=GMA Artist Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanitas=Sanitas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samantha_Thavasa=Samantha Thavasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Bros_Group=Moss Bros Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Zero_(company)=Channel Zero (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banca_Popolare_di_Verona=Banca Popolare di Verona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolmen_Press=Dolmen Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tec_Laboratories=Tec Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skullcandy=Skullcandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Restaurant=Columbia Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyno_Nobel=Dyno Nobel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudremukh_Iron_Ore_Company_Ltd.=Kudremukh Iron Ore Company Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hijos_de_Rivera_Brewery=Hijos de Rivera Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrias_Pampero=Industrias Pampero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Implenia=Implenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novar_plc=Novar plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenda_Systems=Avenda Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Buck's=J. Buck's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleTech=TeleTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamo_Games=Dynamo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrposhta=Ukrposhta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mace_(company)=Mace (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cramer_Systems=Cramer Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NComputing=NComputing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedigree_Dolls_&_Toys=Pedigree Dolls & Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talwalkars=Talwalkars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_Record_Productions=Estonian Record Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shazam_(service)=Shazam (service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDB/Cram_and_Ferguson=HDB/Cram and Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Interiors_and_Gifts=Home Interiors and Gifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F&P_Manufacturing_Inc.=F&P Manufacturing Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleargreen_Incorporated=Cleargreen Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Western_Brewing_Company=Great Western Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lundin_Mining=Lundin Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aedas=Aedas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herb_Chambers_Companies=Herb Chambers Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costume_National=Costume National
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal.com=Coastal.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HubPages=HubPages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PD_Ports=PD Ports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directed_Electronics=Directed Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cielo_(company)=Cielo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ymobile=Ymobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coloplast=Coloplast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scream_Factory=The Scream Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Export_Credit_Guarantee_Corporation_of_India=Export Credit Guarantee Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Properties_Group=China Properties Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Gro_Horticulture=Sun Gro Horticulture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boloco=Boloco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wates_Group=Wates Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParaEngine=ParaEngine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTO_University_Partnerships=INTO University Partnerships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMK_Group=AMK Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etapatelecom=Etapatelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alegro_PCS=Alegro PCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Store_Company=Museum Store Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDNet_Fights=HDNet Fights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagome_(company)=Kagome (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddhalepa=Siddhalepa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmson=Salmson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Scientific_Corporation=Delta Scientific Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Card_Factory=Card Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helion_(publisher)=Helion (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unicast_Company=Unicast Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragon_Software_Group=Paragon Software Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Register.com=Register.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YAMMA_Pit_Fighting=YAMMA Pit Fighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italthai_Industrial_Group=Italthai Industrial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Shaving=The Art of Shaving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_(Lebanon)=Touch (Lebanon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FingerWorks=FingerWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_(Lebanon)=Alfa (Lebanon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net_Controls=Net Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialpad=Dialpad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DbMotion=DbMotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safelite=Safelite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wabtec=Wabtec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Software=ABC Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Standard_Brands=American Standard Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Videotext=Living Videotext
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musalaha=Musalaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wincanton_plc=Wincanton plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Life_Insurance_Company_(Taiwan)=China Life Insurance Company (Taiwan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTC_Media=CTC Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDDI_India_Private_Limited=KDDI India Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartmatic=Smartmatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charnel_House_(publisher)=Charnel House (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pano_Logic=Pano Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Car_Manufacturing_Company=Buffalo Car Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DROsoft=DROsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsoft_GmbH=Kingsoft GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayNation=PlayNation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnite_Movies=Midnite Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NuFX=NuFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Phenomic=EA Phenomic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booksfree=Booksfree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_New_England_Telephone_Operations=Northern New England Telephone Operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Arms=Phoenix Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berendsohn=Berendsohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVoice=EVoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka_Ports_Authority=Sri Lanka Ports Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTBC_Bank=CTBC Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensign_Manufacturing_Company=Ensign Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serco-Abellio=Serco-Abellio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EShop=EShop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consumers_Software=Consumers Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinner_(website)=Spinner (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adtech=Adtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_White_Public_Library=Peter White Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambasada_Gavioli=Ambasada Gavioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corby_Distilleries=Corby Distilleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_Soup=Book Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skystone_Systems=Skystone Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAIS_Software=CAIS Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komodo_Technology=Komodo Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverhead_Networks=Riverhead Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetSolve=NetSolve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamicsoft=Dynamicsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Technology=Kiss Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P-Cube=P-Cube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metreos=Metreos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navini_Networks=Navini Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trecision=Trecision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2A=A2A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insitu=Insitu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintana_Roo_(company)=Quintana Roo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechniGraphics=TechniGraphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biobase_(company)=Biobase (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NaviSoft=NaviSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansengross=Hansengross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TPI_Polene=TPI Polene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(company)=Maverick (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_Cruise_Line=Commodore Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Brewery=Asia Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LogMeIn=LogMeIn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirquent=Cirquent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_India_Limited=Air India Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wissotzky_Tea=Wissotzky Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marukai_Corporation_U.S.A.=Marukai Corporation U.S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emtel=Emtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soleil_Productions=Soleil Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radon_Labs=Radon Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auction_Co.=Auction Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRU_Group=CRU Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechSmith=TechSmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koodo_Mobile=Koodo Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterConnection.org=InterConnection.org
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_New_Zealand=Nissan New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_Louis_Latour=Maison Louis Latour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Petrochemical_Corporation=China Petrochemical Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photo-Me_International=Photo-Me International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamor_Worldwide=Metamor Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cymax_Stores=Cymax Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Cements=India Cements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whelen_Engineering_Company=Whelen Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueFish_TV=BlueFish TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AHT_Cooling_Systems=AHT Cooling Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disneynature=Disneynature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angang_Steel_Company=Angang Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogan's_Shoes=Rogan's Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibero_Cruises=Ibero Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Entertainment=Lucas Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_&_Catalano=Alexander & Catalano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LundXY=LundXY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anshan_Iron_&_Steel_Group_Corporation=Anshan Iron & Steel Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windflow_Technology=Windflow Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spicy_Horse=Spicy Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesars_Entertainment,_Inc.=Caesars Entertainment, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitel_(Mongolia)=Unitel (Mongolia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phadia=Phadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Metrix=Express Metrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Newspapers=21st Century Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Hit_Technologies=Direct Hit Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen_Studios=Oxygen Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VADS_(IT_company)=VADS (IT company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Candy_Company=Palmer Candy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida_Health=University of Florida Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Incredible_Pizza_Company=America's Incredible Pizza Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Sport_Group=World Sport Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wem_Brewing_Company=Wem Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waneko=Waneko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyland_Software=Hyland Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Limpopo_Bridge_Ltd=New Limpopo Bridge Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PacketTrap=PacketTrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dataram=Dataram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Coal,_Iron_and_Railroad_Company=Tennessee Coal, Iron and Railroad Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCHO=TCHO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholesale_Club=Wholesale Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imageepoch=Imageepoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Research_Consortium=Radio Research Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moritz_(beer)=Moritz (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia_Broadband=Serbia Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semperviva=Semperviva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larami=Larami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Partners=Lexington Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foy_&_Gibson=Foy & Gibson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ST_Aerospace=ST Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K12_(company)=K12 (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Group=Wood Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-workshop=Q-workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temperzone=Temperzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABB_Grain=ABB Grain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weichai_Power=Weichai Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluttons=Cluttons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galleria_Department_Store=Galleria Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcomes_Research_Consortium=Outcomes Research Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cajastur=Cajastur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stichting_Pensioenfonds_Zorg_en_Welzijn=Stichting Pensioenfonds Zorg en Welzijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stichting_Pensioenfonds_ABP=Stichting Pensioenfonds ABP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Pillar_Presents=Middle Pillar Presents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4FRNT_Skis=4FRNT Skis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarcos=Sarcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantska_plovidba=Atlantska plovidba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deering_Banjo_Company=Deering Banjo Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunSetter_Awnings=SunSetter Awnings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psystar_Corporation=Psystar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlpInvest_Partners=AlpInvest Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studios_301=Studios 301
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schunk_Group=Schunk Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whatman_plc=Whatman plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenson_Clarke_Shipping=Stephenson Clarke Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshima_Shipbuilding=Oshima Shipbuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SplendidCRM=SplendidCRM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticky_Fingers_(restaurant)=Sticky Fingers (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetta_Genomics=Rosetta Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunzl=Bunzl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ORCO=ORCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollie_Stone's_Markets=Mollie Stone's Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deluxe_Entertainment_Services_Group=Deluxe Entertainment Services Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiant_Systems=Radiant Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Professional_Chuckwagon_Association=World Professional Chuckwagon Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RingTales=RingTales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UserJoy_Technology=UserJoy Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redner's_Markets=Redner's Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Heavy_Duty_Truck_Group=China National Heavy Duty Truck Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saladworks=Saladworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_America_International=Cash America International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Checkpoint_Systems=Checkpoint Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coeur_Mining=Coeur Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamaka_Ukulele=Kamaka Ukulele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MindFire,_Inc=MindFire, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaCarta=MetaCarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poken=Poken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Motorcycle_Museum_(Anamosa,_IA)=National Motorcycle Museum (Anamosa, IA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CarDomain=CarDomain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASM_International_(company)=ASM International (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interactive_Intelligence=Interactive Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enova_SF=Enova SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macedonian_Information_Centre=Macedonian Information Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Consumer=BT Consumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangeloop_Networks=Strangeloop Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BC_Partners=BC Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Home_Depot=The Home Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abercrombie_&_Fitch=Abercrombie & Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCE_Consulting_Engineers_Limited=TCE Consulting Engineers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outsource_Partners_International=Outsource Partners International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanoyas_Hishino_Meisho=Sanoyas Hishino Meisho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canad_Inns=Canad Inns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birely,_Hillman_&_Streaker=Birely, Hillman & Streaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealift_Incorporated=Sealift Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codeminion=Codeminion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hensel_Phelps_Construction=Hensel Phelps Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfora=Enfora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camping_and_Caravanning_Club=Camping and Caravanning Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Redemption=Red Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkworks=Darkworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whessoe=Whessoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celina_Tent_Inc.=Celina Tent Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouTube_Next_Lab_and_Audience_Development_Group=YouTube Next Lab and Audience Development Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maoye_International=Maoye International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnitio=Agnitio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCall_Corporation=McCall Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fish_in_a_Bottle=Fish in a Bottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PubGene=PubGene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfund=Norfund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobytel=Autobytel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_Pro_Audio=Yamaha Pro Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fund.com=Fund.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Foods_Inc.=Eden Foods Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Power_Generation=Ontario Power Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polypure=Polypure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropicana_Entertainment=Tropicana Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Sources=Global Sources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samoa_Technologies=Samoa Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saurer=Saurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Productions=Odyssey Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoffman_Agency=The Hoffman Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's=Bob's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_Table=Table Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snorg_Tees=Snorg Tees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franconia_Brewing_Company=Franconia Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTB_Bor=RTB Bor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Watch=Critical Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENSCO,_Inc.=ENSCO, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WaveMaker=WaveMaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fording_Canadian_Coal_Trust=Fording Canadian Coal Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enerplus=Enerplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keller_Williams_Realty=Keller Williams Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artnet=Artnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bukta=Bukta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Consultants=Stanley Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_S.A.=Light S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B2W=B2W
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lojas_Americanas=Lojas Americanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acom=Acom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikuni_(company)=Mikuni (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick_Boat_Group=Brunswick Boat Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babbel=Babbel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangnan_Shipyard=Jiangnan Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceAge_Control=SpaceAge Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Restaurant_Group=Panda Restaurant Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_Transportation_Systems=Armour Transportation Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicenter_Studios=Epicenter Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasee=Hasee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deck13_Interactive=Deck13 Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperGroup=SuperGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comac=Comac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_City_Development_Bank=Queen City Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paltel=Paltel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinduja_Foundries=Hinduja Foundries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Antennas=Panorama Antennas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fidessa=Fidessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manufacturers_Alliance_for_Productivity_and_Innovation_(MAPI)=Manufacturers Alliance for Productivity and Innovation (MAPI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Messaging=Mozilla Messaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Plastics_Corporation=Aurora Plastics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadjam=Broadjam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturally_Advanced=Naturally Advanced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilco=Hilco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Business_Bank=Philippine Business Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTE_Interactive_Media=GTE Interactive Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Communications_Services_Corporation=China Communications Services Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyer_Blinder_Belle=Beyer Blinder Belle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objective_Systems_Integrators=Objective Systems Integrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Network_Bank=One Network Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Rights_Capital=Media Rights Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_International_Holdings=Shenzhen International Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALLDATA=ALLDATA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Investment=Shenzhen Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Resources_Land=China Resources Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_1=Solar 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuenti=Tuenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SugarDVD=SugarDVD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Cornhole_Organization=American Cornhole Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surly_Bikes=Surly Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denway_Motors=Denway Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novocherkassk_Electric_Locomotive_Plant=Novocherkassk Electric Locomotive Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuexiu_Property=Yuexiu Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangdong_Investment=Guangdong Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GZI_Transport=GZI Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brabantia=Brabantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_and_Middleton=White and Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marusho=Marusho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entel_PCS=Entel PCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrepid_Travel=Intrepid Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Music_Australia=Sony Music Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarama_Aquarium_Theater_of_the_Sea=Aquarama Aquarium Theater of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYD_Company=BYD Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prva_Petoletka=Prva Petoletka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYD_Electronic=BYD Electronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadhouse_Grill=Roadhouse Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacAndrews_&_Forbes=MacAndrews & Forbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leya=Leya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asuragen=Asuragen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Index_Corporation=Index Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_Collectibles=Brighton Collectibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panopticon_Software=Panopticon Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSPL_Limited=MSPL Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Bank_Pictures=Left Bank Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Taiping=China Taiping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingspan_Off-Site=Kingspan Off-Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assura_plc=Assura plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reto-Moto=Reto-Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_High-Definition_Link=Mobile High-Definition Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebay_Asset_Management=Bluebay Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTO_(video_game_company)=MTO (video game company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_&_Regional=Capital & Regional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Mining_Corporation=Century Mining Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Doctors_for_Medicare=Canadian Doctors for Medicare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Cinema_Corporation=General Cinema Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affliction_Clothing=Affliction Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elonex=Elonex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARC_Diversified=ARC Diversified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catlin_Group=Catlin Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Maritime=Aker Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connaught_plc=Connaught plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_de_Brazil=Texas de Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinwoo_SMC=Jinwoo SMC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castro_(clothing)=Castro (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPG_Group=RPG Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PV_Crystalox_Solar=PV Crystalox Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L-1_Identity_Solutions=L-1 Identity Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Roll_Holding=Von Roll Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Berkshire_Brewery=West Berkshire Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanta_Spirit=Atlanta Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunvor_(company)=Gunvor (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitol=Vitol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yili_Group=Yili Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MARG_Limited=MARG Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorthWestern_Corporation=NorthWestern Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wausau_Homes_Inc=Wausau Homes Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbitech=Columbitech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&F_Worldwide=M&F Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yale_(company)=Yale (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Vintage=Australian Vintage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbion_Power=Symbion Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Knowledge_Societies=Center for Knowledge Societies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lojas_Riachuelo=Lojas Riachuelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGO_Scooters=PGO Scooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intas_Biopharmaceuticals=Intas Biopharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanic_Worldwide=Oceanic Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Tubing=Columbus Tubing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asprey=Asprey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glance_Networks=Glance Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-operative_Retail_Trading_Group=Co-operative Retail Trading Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F4_(company)=F4 (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airclic=Airclic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindley_Manufacturing=Hindley Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Consulting=Hitachi Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategy&=Strategy&
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindshare_(firm)=Mindshare (firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamiplast=Lamiplast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Leaf_Tea=Mighty Leaf Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WET_(company)=WET (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_Factory=Kung Fu Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_(clothing)=TNT (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Mining_Company=Western Mining Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T=AT&T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honigman=Honigman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Foods,_Inc._and_Seafood_Restaurants=Phillips Foods, Inc. and Seafood Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmRest=AmRest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_and_Ohio_Railways=Gulf and Ohio Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarNet=StarNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunCommunications=SunCommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventry-Eagle=Coventry-Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMS_Technologies=EMS Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDS_Global=CDS Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Heart_Institute_of_Malaysia=National Heart Institute of Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Sheep_Group=Little Sheep Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Plaza_Hotel_Management=Harbour Plaza Hotel Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axon_Automotive=Axon Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugaboo_International=Bugaboo International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metrica=Metrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_(spa)=Bliss (spa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedarlane_Laboratories=Cedarlane Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwood_(company)=Sherwood (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBH_Group=CBH Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_(developer)=Lemon (developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundas_Data_Visualization=Dundas Data Visualization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Volkswagen=Shanghai Volkswagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW-Volkswagen=FAW-Volkswagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_Malaysia=Gas Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Alloy_Penetrator_Project=Heavy Alloy Penetrator Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Petroleum=Dana Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inte:Ligand=Inte:Ligand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuelita=Manuelita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_London=Derwent London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backes_&_Strauss=Backes & Strauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenergy_Group=Shenergy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeNORD=LeNORD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_(company)=Switch (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poly_Real_Estate=Poly Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillehammer_Olympiapark=Lillehammer Olympiapark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Sam_Enterprises=Good Sam Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soprole=Soprole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Luke's_Health_System=Saint Luke's Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheil_Industries=Cheil Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenming_Paper=Chenming Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcasting_Satellite_System_Corporation=Broadcasting Satellite System Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EClerx=EClerx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Films_du_Poisson=Les Films du Poisson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortera=Cortera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_&_Man_Paper=Lee & Man Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSTEP=VSTEP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakuto_Kasei=Rakuto Kasei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCS_MediaGroup=RCS MediaGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Anti-racism_Education_and_Research_Society=Canadian Anti-racism Education and Research Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fushi_Copperweld=Fushi Copperweld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iam8bit=Iam8bit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yatai_Group=Yatai Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitecore=Sitecore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Storm=J Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primondo=Primondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_Warriors=Cage Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngor_Group=Youngor Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Brewing_Company=Portland Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReverbNation=ReverbNation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoon_(software)=Spoon (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.F._Mossberg_&_Sons=O.F. Mossberg & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidcore_Systems=Solidcore Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besturn=Besturn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grama_Vidiyal=Grama Vidiyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Council_on_Africa=Canadian Council on Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NATCO_Group=NATCO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cream_Productions=Cream Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Pharmaceutical=Sun Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidal_Golosinas=Vidal Golosinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YOOX=YOOX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeart=Homeart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruston-Bucyrus=Ruston-Bucyrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openmaru=Openmaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CS_Energy=CS Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wego.com=Wego.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBG_Radio_Network=NBG Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Userful=Userful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Industries=Superior Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongqi_(marque)=Hongqi (marque)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Axiata=XL Axiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meva=Meva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrexpo=Ferrexpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoodLife_Fitness=GoodLife Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_Diamonds=Gem Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Am_International_Flight_Academy=Pan Am International Flight Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacker_Neuson=Wacker Neuson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiscox=Hiscox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronnie_Lane's_Mobile_Studio=Ronnie Lane's Mobile Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Valley_Creamery_Company=Blue Valley Creamery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_Energy=Sapphire Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MWEB=MWEB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Mobile=United Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekelec=Tekelec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encuesta,_Inc.=Encuesta, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monier_Group=Monier Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitta_Foods=Vitta Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.A._Damm=S.A. Damm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Newspaper_Publishers_Association=European Newspaper Publishers Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qlik=Qlik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechArt=TechArt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dornier_Consulting=Dornier Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitz_Games_Studios=Blitz Games Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synovate=Synovate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Erawan_Group=The Erawan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USU_Software=USU Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tellepsen_Builders=Tellepsen Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omniplan_(architects)=Omniplan (architects)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaanxi_Yanchang_Petroleum=Shaanxi Yanchang Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaanxi_Automobile_Group=Shaanxi Automobile Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoMobo=GoMobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XD_Group=XD Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_by_GUESS_(clothing)=G by GUESS (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaanxi_Construction_Engineering_Group_Corporation=Shaanxi Construction Engineering Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellana_(company)=Cellana (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriott_ExecuStay=Marriott ExecuStay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtep=Xtep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Score_Group_plc=Score Group plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Focus=Sonic Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Scotia_Light_and_Power=Nova Scotia Light and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alinma_Bank=Alinma Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guidance_Solutions=Guidance Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwood_Pictures=Sherwood Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrightsoft=Wrightsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishbowl_Inventory=Fishbowl Inventory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Interactive=Disney Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_State_Construction_Engineering=China State Construction Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proofpoint,_Inc.=Proofpoint, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceres_Fruit_Juices=Ceres Fruit Juices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platica=Platica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adidas_Originals=Adidas Originals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKN_Eisenbahn=AKN Eisenbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Broadcasting=GM Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITE_Group=ITE Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impax_Environmental_Markets=Impax Environmental Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Energy_Corporation=Imperial Energy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STADA_Arzneimittel=STADA Arzneimittel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiGiCo=DiGiCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F&C_Asset_Management=F&C Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Lang_LaSalle=Jones Lang LaSalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JKX_Oil_&_Gas=JKX Oil & Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShoreTel=ShoreTel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit_Corporation=Bit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zeiss_Meditec=Carl Zeiss Meditec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Solar=Phoenix Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALFA_(Mexico)=ALFA (Mexico)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suniva=Suniva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redgate_(company)=Redgate (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airiti=Airiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follett_Ice=Follett Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timexpo_Museum=Timexpo Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercoop=Supercoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logibec_Groupe_Informatique=Logibec Groupe Informatique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andritz_AG=Andritz AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercell=Intercell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aixtron=Aixtron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skabo_Jernbanevognfabrikk=Skabo Jernbanevognfabrikk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merkley+Partners=Merkley+Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyages_Hotels_&_Resorts=Voyages Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monadnock_Lifetime_Products=Monadnock Lifetime Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Green_&_Partners=Leonard Green & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansiri=Sansiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIBIL=CIBIL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packet_One_Networks=Packet One Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Arnold=Wallace Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaserSoft_Imaging=LaserSoft Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendo=Legendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Union=Aero Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McColl's=McColl's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innkeeper's_Lodge=Innkeeper's Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventurine_SA=Aventurine SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polytron=Polytron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doremus_&_Co.=Doremus & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taco_Palenque=Taco Palenque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navigon=Navigon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenTree_Inns=GreenTree Inns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultralase=Ultralase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAM_IP=JAM IP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrightSource_Energy=BrightSource Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BusinesSuites=BusinesSuites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zotac=Zotac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Temple=Media Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAM_Productions_(software)=JAM Productions (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saia=Saia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Fusion=Pizza Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figaro_Systems=Figaro Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affinia_Group=Affinia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redmap=Redmap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Iron=Atlas Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Millennium=Solar Millennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPC_Cablecom=UPC Cablecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunderson_Tractor_and_Implement_Co.=Saunderson Tractor and Implement Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abt_Electronics=Abt Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Bridge_Delivery_Partners=Oregon Bridge Delivery Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_Headwear=The Game Headwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathfinder_(1912_automobile)=Pathfinder (1912 automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_3G=Hutchison 3G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_Arts=Eleven Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Services_Corporation=Information Services Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_(bus_operator)=Midland (bus operator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babaroga_(company)=Babaroga (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunelt_Motorcycles=Dunelt Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trina_Solar=Trina Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handspring_(company)=Handspring (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Aoyuan_Property=China Aoyuan Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UBC_Media_Group=UBC Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrep_Corporation=Amrep Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandom=Mandom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_in_the_Community=Business in the Community
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapa_Group=Sapa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESCO_Corporation=ESCO Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield_Show=Mirfield Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saavn=Saavn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AgStar_Financial_Services=AgStar Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acqua_di_Parma=Acqua di Parma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Codebase=Frozen Codebase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendant_Productions=Pendant Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_West_Distillery=High West Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_for_Life_(Valley_Hospital)=Flight for Life (Valley Hospital)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Tattersalls_Club=City Tattersalls Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Lot_Entertainment=Odd Lot Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmel_Ventures=Carmel Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterJet=InterJet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinus_Nijhoff_Publishers=Martinus Nijhoff Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martela=Martela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mines_Advisory_Group=Mines Advisory Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fractal_Analytics=Fractal Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Sindhology=Institute of Sindhology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothian,_Borders_&_Angus_Co-operative_Society=Lothian, Borders & Angus Co-operative Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heyl_&_Patterson_Inc.=Heyl & Patterson Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtreme_Fighting_Championships=Xtreme Fighting Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centsports=Centsports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohlberg_&_Company=Kohlberg & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DineEquity=DineEquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Manufacturers_&_Commerce=Wisconsin Manufacturers & Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Plus_Bank=American Plus Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Entertainment=3D Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlequin_Games=Harlequin Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lili_Diamonds=Lili Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunEdison=SunEdison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Business_Research_Institute=National Business Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Legend_(software_publisher)=Black Legend (software publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyote_Point_Systems=Coyote Point Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_(telecom)=Tango (telecom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DrugLogic=DrugLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechnologyOne=TechnologyOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_10_Studios=Turn 10 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Centre_for_Applied_Genomics=The Centre for Applied Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovation_Exchange=Innovation Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Ave=Motor Ave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibibo=Ibibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Orphan_Biovitrum=Swedish Orphan Biovitrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PPF_(company)=PPF (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omniture=Omniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEP_Telephone=NEP Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Pacific_Resources_International_Holdings=Asia Pacific Resources International Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Suisan=Toyo Suisan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandercook=Vandercook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCH_Canadian=CCH Canadian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Croix_Soap_Manufacturing_Company=St. Croix Soap Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Shipbuilders=Green Shipbuilders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino_Printing_Sciences=Domino Printing Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino's_Pizza_Group=Domino's Pizza Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcapita=Arcapita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Oil=Heritage Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toppers_Pizza_(American_restaurant)=Toppers Pizza (American restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Group=Vector Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maui_Jim=Maui Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Studies_Centre=United States Studies Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITC_Hotels=ITC Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexus_F=Lexus F
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapeley=Mapeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SafeNet=SafeNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Focus_International=Micro Focus International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Entertainment_News_Network=World Entertainment News Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monks_Investment_Trust=Monks Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Mortgage_Investment_Trust=Scottish Mortgage Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Hydro_Rjukan=Norsk Hydro Rjukan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inteliquent=Inteliquent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witan_Investment_Trust=Witan Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TuneIn=TuneIn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viettel_Mobile=Viettel Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Helix_Games=Double Helix Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tattered_and_Torn=Tattered and Torn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quechua_(brand)=Quechua (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Molly=Odd Molly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulpicio_Lines=Sulpicio Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_&_Readings=Greetings & Readings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elektrik_Keyboard=The Elektrik Keyboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amey_plc=Amey plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redlight_Children_Campaign=Redlight Children Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buns_and_Guns=Buns and Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Services=Republic Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Entertainment=Reliance Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwest_Venture_Partners=Norwest Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BKSH_&_Associates_Worldwide=BKSH & Associates Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SQL_Star=SQL Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurys_Inn=Jurys Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Pink_(clothing)=Think Pink (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energinet.dk=Energinet.dk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Oilfield_Services=Bergen Oilfield Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eser_(Construction_firm)=Eser (Construction firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogo_Inflight_Internet=Gogo Inflight Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Investment_Authority=Qatar Investment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datatel=Datatel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Transport=Norsk Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eons.com=Eons.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHI_Water_&_Environment=DHI Water & Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidescape=Kaleidescape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spreadtrum=Spreadtrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_(clothing_retailer)=Laura (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CON-CAN_Movie_Festival=CON-CAN Movie Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerber_Life_Insurance_Company=Gerber Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katelco=Katelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SquareTrade=SquareTrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inform,_Inc.=Inform, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flexlink=Flexlink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vita_Green=Vita Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Council_for_the_Blind_of_Ireland=National Council for the Blind of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReSound=ReSound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHPC_Limited=NHPC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Gemological_Institute=International Gemological Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourne_Capital=Bourne Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HopStop.com=HopStop.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natta!=Natta!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Fuel=Digital Fuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAC_(building_automation)=TAC (building automation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave's_Markets=Dave's Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_West_Gallery=Park West Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helpline_Telecoms_Nigeria_Limited=Helpline Telecoms Nigeria Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kainos=Kainos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Nuclear_Association=Canadian Nuclear Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Broadband_Services=Integrated Broadband Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Damn_Channel=My Damn Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HornBlasters=HornBlasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco's_Pizza=Marco's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Oil=Essar Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutter's=Rutter's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McFit=McFit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Enfield_(India)=Royal Enfield (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Room_Store=The Room Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridas_Corporation=Bridas Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_London_(fashion_label)=Jack London (fashion label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birra_Menabrea=Birra Menabrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaga_Create=Kaga Create
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Engineering,_Inc.=Creative Engineering, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_On_Games=Full On Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Rail_of_Australia=Independent Rail of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiao_Pan=Xiao Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2A_Simulations=A2A Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruyan=Ruyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VolkerRail=VolkerRail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agriculture_Insurance_Company_of_India=Agriculture Insurance Company of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Recovery_Inc.=Energy Recovery Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_the_Aged_Canada=Help the Aged Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_Management_Corporation=Education Management Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echolab=Echolab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagnie_des_Alpes=Compagnie des Alpes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiegelworld=Spiegelworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopGolf=TopGolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UEP_Systems=UEP Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KiwiRail=KiwiRail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fagerdala_World_Foams=Fagerdala World Foams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTCL=BTCL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensation_Lawn_Mowers=Sensation Lawn Mowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natur-Energi=Natur-Energi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebert_(company)=Liebert (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_CUTS=Travel CUTS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Brewing_Company=Marshall Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DuPont_Danisco=DuPont Danisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politika_a.d.=Politika a.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Page_(company)=Michael Page (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Green=Factory Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_&_Copthorne_Hotels=Millennium & Copthorne Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenix_Defence=Tenix Defence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifu_Bus=Gifu Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Media=Living Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Birla_Group=Yash Birla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siteworx=Siteworx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scripps_Networks_Interactive=Scripps Networks Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintain_(company)=Quintain (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaeffler_Group=Schaeffler Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIT_Capital_Partners=RIT Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randgold_Resources=Randgold Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MYC4=MYC4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Solar_Energy=Global Solar Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_Basketball_Club_LLC=Professional Basketball Club LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showa_Shell_Sekiyu=Showa Shell Sekiyu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_India_Private_Limited=Ford India Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_India_Private_Limited=General Motors India Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uralita_Group=Uralita Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntractive=Ntractive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objective_Productions=Objective Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_and_Civic=Civil and Civic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Front_Porch=Front Porch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alusuisse=Alusuisse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.G._Wentworth=J.G. Wentworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneyfacts=Moneyfacts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austal=Austal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Energy_Systems=Apollo Energy Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobraguard=Cobraguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Kiddie_City=Lionel Kiddie City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Games=Meteor Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K's_Merchandise_Mart=K's Merchandise Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James's_Place_plc=St. James's Place plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Modwen_Properties=St. Modwen Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talvivaara_Mining_Company=Talvivaara Mining Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koninklijke_TNT_Post=Koninklijke TNT Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adbot=Adbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victrex=Victrex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Education_Television=China Education Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miditech_Pvt._Ltd.=Miditech Pvt. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bovet_Fleurier=Bovet Fleurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_Payments=Gravity Payments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cokaliong_Shipping_Lines=Cokaliong Shipping Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOME_Electrical_Appliances=GOME Electrical Appliances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sino_Group=Sino Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenic_Semiconductor=Ingenic Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hvaler_Fjordcruise=Hvaler Fjordcruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_City_Cycles=Fat City Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_International_Media_Networks=Viacom International Media Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KWorld=KWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exa_Corporation=Exa Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clickability=Clickability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CycloMedia=CycloMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Clean_Skies_Foundation=American Clean Skies Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zopa=Zopa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Dairy_Foods=Australian Dairy Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Telecommunications=Samsung Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabindia=Fabindia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Lynn=Crown Lynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChannelFlip=ChannelFlip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCI_Group=MCI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarro_Discount_Pharmacies=Navarro Discount Pharmacies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroytransgaz=Stroytransgaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Pictures=Plum Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitt_Ohio_Express=Pitt Ohio Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OmniGuide=OmniGuide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Managed_Solutions=Vanguard Managed Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frazier_Quarry=Frazier Quarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigWorld=BigWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelo,_Gordon_&_Co.=Angelo, Gordon & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_Productions=Arc Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmon_Group=Marmon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_Square_Capital_Partners=Court Square Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbin_Electric=Harbin Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin's_Light_Railways=Martin's Light Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.a.n.d.=H.a.n.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Training_Group=Omega Training Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Health_Services=Alberta Health Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InetSoft=InetSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauhaus_(company)=Bauhaus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Tartu_Press=University of Tartu Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norled=Norled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Paine_&_Company=Fox Paine & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCC_Doppelmayr_Cable_Car=DCC Doppelmayr Cable Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odda_Rutebuss=Odda Rutebuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Hotels=Continental Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Pizza=Hell Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.H._Properties=T.H. Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nor-Ferjer=Nor-Ferjer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puget_Systems=Puget Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JMI_Equity=JMI Equity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affinity_Equity_Partners=Affinity Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petro_Rabigh=Petro Rabigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dairy_Industry_Association_of_Australia=Dairy Industry Association of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestel=Vestel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aygaz=Aygaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fieldbrook_Farms=Fieldbrook Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Baby_Carriers=Belle Baby Carriers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.I.G._Capital=H.I.G. Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packman_&_Poppe_Motorcycles=Packman & Poppe Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_Financial_Partners=Pinnacle Financial Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phuket_Beer=Phuket Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centric_Software=Centric Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SDI_Media_Group=SDI Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Pressphoto_Agency=European Pressphoto Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titmouse,_Inc.=Titmouse, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Arts_Corporation=Pacific Arts Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mather_&_Platt=Mather & Platt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teboil=Teboil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire_Partners=Berkshire Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escorts_Group=Escorts Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novelty_Press=Novelty Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadwa_Investment=Jadwa Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benefit_Company=The Benefit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greylock_Partners=Greylock Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Management_Association=American Management Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Parking_Corporation=Central Parking Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Plating_Company=Erie Plating Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complant=Complant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Indian_Clays=English Indian Clays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_cool=Le cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syncsort=Syncsort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Development_Bank_of_China=Agricultural Development Bank of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MC_Sports=MC Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macmillan_Publishers_(United_States)=Macmillan Publishers (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martifer=Martifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britton_Lee,_Inc.=Britton Lee, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_18=Viacom 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_18_Motion_Pictures=Viacom 18 Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedZone_Entertainment=RedZone Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taseko_Mines=Taseko Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Mortgage=Prospect Mortgage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfoot_Entertainment=Bigfoot Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAC_Motors=JAC Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Twenty=Twenty Twenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Electronics=Delta Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironwood_Springs_Christian_Ranch=Ironwood Springs Christian Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semen_Indonesia=Semen Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indocement_Tunggal_Prakarsa=Indocement Tunggal Prakarsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Tractors=United Tractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plymouth_Rock_Studios=Plymouth Rock Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Entertainment=Summit Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hudson_Motorcycles=New Hudson Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindjet=Mindjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monical's_Pizza=Monical's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exim_Bank_of_China=Exim Bank of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinhua_Finance_Media=Xinhua Finance Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingersoll_Watch_Company=Ingersoll Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perusahaan_Gas_Negara=Perusahaan Gas Negara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumi_Resources=Bumi Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Clock_Company=Chelsea Clock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shui_On_Land=Shui On Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIMA_Peru=SIMA Peru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jensen_Electronics=Jensen Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razor_Creative=Razor Creative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patch_Products=Patch Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genji,_LLC=Genji, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Dow_Petrochemicals=K-Dow Petrochemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipswap=Flipswap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine-Searcher=Wine-Searcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMERS=OMERS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacks_Outdoor_Retail=Blacks Outdoor Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutris_Technologies=Lutris Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpura_(company)=Alpura (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busuu=Busuu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-800-FREE-411=1-800-FREE-411
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom's_Snacks=Tom's Snacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitcher_Radio=Stitcher Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_Ranch_Chop_House=Saddle Ranch Chop House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSR_Corporation_Limited=CSR Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amada_Co=Amada Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fit_brains=Fit brains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_(service_areas)=Extra (service areas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_CNR_Corporation=China CNR Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_(store)=Melrose (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promethean_World=Promethean World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impul=Impul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabtec=Arabtec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Group=Future Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navigant_Consulting=Navigant Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuentealta=Fuentealta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicor_Materials=Silicor Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CinemaScore=CinemaScore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greyston_Bakery=Greyston Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottomatica=Lottomatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terna_(company)=Terna (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corio_(company)=Corio (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRT_Laboratories=BRT Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Campus_Communities=American Campus Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaleform_Corporation=Scaleform Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feld_Entertainment=Feld Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Corporation=Coastal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishay_Intertechnology=Vishay Intertechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADAMA_Agricultural_Solutions=ADAMA Agricultural Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonima_Petroli_Italiana=Anonima Petroli Italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danieli=Danieli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartered_Institute_of_Personnel_and_Development=Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fedrigoni=Fedrigoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma-Tau=Sigma-Tau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calsonic_Kansei=Calsonic Kansei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Universe=Graphic Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocksteady_Studios=Rocksteady Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Cinemas=Scott Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxer_TV_Ireland=Boxer TV Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suez_Environnement=Suez Environnement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GitHub=GitHub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoar_Construction=Hoar Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planning_and_Learning_Technologies=Planning and Learning Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norco_Bicycles=Norco Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zed_(company)=Zed (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDF_Luminus=EDF Luminus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni-Systems=Uni-Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/80/20_Thinking=80/20 Thinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_Networks=Dust Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Pattana=Central Pattana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz=Mercedes-Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocarina_Networks=Ocarina Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemina=Zemina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_Level_Learning=Eye Level Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chihong_Zinc_and_Germanium=Chihong Zinc and Germanium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury_Mint=Danbury Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildfire_(motor_company)=Wildfire (motor company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singareni_Collieries_Company=Singareni Collieries Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_Games=Edge Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycling_'74=Cycling '74
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollandia_Produce=Hollandia Produce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pottinger_(Australia)=Pottinger (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Films=Alliance Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alber_&_Geiger=Alber & Geiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_Itsutsuji=Gallery Itsutsuji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KWG_Property=KWG Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Nuclear_Laboratory=National Nuclear Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Corporation=Target Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UKFast=UKFast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CommScope=CommScope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Technology_Infrastructure=GE Technology Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Bio-Labs=Grace Bio-Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_Venture_Partners=Insight Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Jets=Power Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoopla=Zoopla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell'Orto=Dell'Orto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RusHydro=RusHydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VEKA=VEKA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iamgold=Iamgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FGC_UES=FGC UES
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstone_&_Co=Blackstone & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JBT_Corporation=JBT Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proteon_Therapeutics=Proteon Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Lakes_Brewing_Company=Twin Lakes Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altibase=Altibase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Stores=Bells Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtua=Virtua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Frogs=Peace Frogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Adventure_Sports_&_Training=Frontier Adventure Sports & Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teachstreet=Teachstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Communications=Verizon Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektroprivreda_Srbije=Elektroprivreda Srbije
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Cruises=Viking Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Antolin=Grupo Antolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpek=Alpek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B/E_Aerospace=B/E Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoome=Zoome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuhai_Zhongfu=Zhuhai Zhongfu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPAP=OPAP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Oil_Hellas=Motor Oil Hellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayday_Books=Mayday Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasona=Pasona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGK-1=OGK-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGK-2=OGK-2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.ON_Russia=E.ON Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enel_Russia=Enel Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGK-6=OGK-6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKY_Perfect_JSAT_Group=SKY Perfect JSAT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecosecurities=Ecosecurities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turan_Information_Agency=Turan Information Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AiLive=AiLive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SignalDemand=SignalDemand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noventi=Noventi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RYZ=RYZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Cement=Lucky Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milliman=Milliman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaguar_Land_Rover=Jaguar Land Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Scientific_Films=Oxford Scientific Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crane_Group_Companies=The Crane Group Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simulations_Plus=Simulations Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimera_Entertainment=Chimera Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trubion=Trubion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarab_Productions=Scarab Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netezza=Netezza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TauRx_Therapeutics=TauRx Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidOcean_Partners=MidOcean Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_1616_Holdings=CITIC 1616 Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauer_Type_Foundry=Bauer Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Wax=Plastic Wax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Consultants=Buck Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_Group=Triangle Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyno-Rod=Dyno-Rod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UROVESA=UROVESA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham_&_Co.=Markham & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FTDI=FTDI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IndieVest=IndieVest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_(company)=Bang (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birks_Group=Birks Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transfesa=Transfesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkaloid_(company)=Alkaloid (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Digital=Advance Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopard_Capital=Leopard Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TmaxSoft=TmaxSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutor-Saliba_Corporation=Tutor-Saliba Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Copper_Corporation=Southern Copper Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holley_Performance_Products=Holley Performance Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Pinball=Sega Pinball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibir_Energy=Sibir Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Lights=Seven Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Corporation=Rogers Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmitter_Location_Systems=Transmitter Location Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Leaf_Tea_Company=Sweet Leaf Tea Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lititz_Watch_Technicum=Lititz Watch Technicum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simrad_Yachting=Simrad Yachting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I/Gear=I/Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens_Against_UFO_Secrecy=Citizens Against UFO Secrecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Ray_Kid_Studios=X-Ray Kid Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnnie's_Foodmaster=Johnnie's Foodmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendulo_Studios=Pendulo Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumblr=Tumblr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridemakerz=Ridemakerz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppy_Games=Puppy Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H10_Hotels=H10 Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFJ_Frontier=DFJ Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seltaeb=Seltaeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accel-KKR=Accel-KKR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimaldi_Group=Grimaldi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Agents_for_Oversea_Governments_and_Administrations_Ltd=Crown Agents for Oversea Governments and Administrations Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xelerated=Xelerated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsch_Inc.=Deutsch Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Food_Town=Lewis Food Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Brands=Standard Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zerich=Zerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Range_Studios=Free Range Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGEL_Technology=IGEL Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookeen=Bookeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advent_International=Advent International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemena=Jemena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarCity=SolarCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitrome=Nitrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scout.com=Scout.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajshri_Media=Rajshri Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&G=B&G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viral_Factory=The Viral Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browns_(fashion_boutique)=Browns (fashion boutique)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charterhouse_Capital_Partners=Charterhouse Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Atlantic=General Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelso_&_Company=Kelso & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Equity_Partners=Pacific Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A+b_kasha=A+b kasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddbins=Oddbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bupa=Bupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Analysis_Corporation=The Analysis Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hargray=Hargray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanvec_Amiable_FlexiSign=Scanvec Amiable FlexiSign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mater_Health_Services_North_Queensland=Mater Health Services North Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IG_Port=IG Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apetito=Apetito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aligned_Assets=Aligned Assets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Electronics=Rapid Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimpy_(restaurant)=Wimpy (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Younger's=Younger's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BGR_Energy_Systems_Ltd=BGR Energy Systems Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globalive=Globalive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Five_Group=Triple Five Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surbana_International_Consultants_Pte_Ltd=Surbana International Consultants Pte Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INCA_Internet=INCA Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsokkos=Tsokkos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akersbanerne=Akersbanerne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich_Pharma_Services=Norwich Pharma Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadey-Krogen_Yachts=Kadey-Krogen Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discover_Science_&_Engineering=Discover Science & Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIVP=RIVP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PayMate=PayMate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Capital_Partners=Highland Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGPlanet=OGPlanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcanic_Repeating_Arms=Volcanic Repeating Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVS_Broadcast_Equipment=EVS Broadcast Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muthoot=Muthoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HotChalk=HotChalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ektelon=Ektelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greubel_Forsey=Greubel Forsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caxton_Associates=Caxton Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stones_Brewery=Stones Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devico_AS=Devico AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamasu_(corporation)=Tamasu (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master-McNeil=Master-McNeil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phalanx_Biotech_Group=Phalanx Biotech Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthes=Synthes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodforde's_Brewery=Woodforde's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorn_Stores=Acorn Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Records=BBC Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobethal_Bierhaus=Lobethal Bierhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faraday_Technology=Faraday Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwestone_Financial_Group=Midwestone Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smisje_Brewery=Smisje Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumina=Gaumina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarified_Networks=Clarified Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrix_Ong=Beatrix Ong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littleton_Coin_Company=Littleton Coin Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petplan_USA=Petplan USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGL_(company)=PGL (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Junior=E-Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANC_Sports=ANC Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aster_Data_Systems=Aster Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explore_Scientific=Explore Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runic_Games=Runic Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Reeve_Knives=Chris Reeve Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Time_Company=Electric Time Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acron_Group=Acron Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotai_Water_Jet=Cotai Water Jet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_Software=Relentless Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarovar_Hotels_&_Resorts=Sarovar Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAP_Products=DAP Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrun=Sunrun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogent_Partners=Cogent Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drees_&_Sommer=Drees & Sommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExxonMobil=ExxonMobil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TigerLogic=TigerLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeugma_Systems=Zeugma Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Nutresa=Grupo Nutresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Argos=Grupo Argos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC_Golden_Brewing_Company=AC Golden Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djarum=Djarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patchi=Patchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launchworks=Launchworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarizen=Clarizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibasis=Ibasis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Motorcycles=Premier Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Motorcycles=Zenith Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedPrairie=RedPrairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Housing_and_Land_Development=China Housing and Land Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Red_White=Black Red White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Shore-LIJ_Health_System=North Shore-LIJ Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prostate_Cancer_Foundation=Prostate Cancer Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smyths=Smyths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Rings=Media Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skytap=Skytap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobel_Darou=Cobel Darou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picollator=Picollator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cutler_Group=David Cutler Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Kani=Karl Kani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAF_Tehnika=SAF Tehnika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_&_Gillette=Walker & Gillette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauldron_(video_game_company)=Cauldron (video game company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Morrison=Taylor Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Current_Turbines=Marine Current Turbines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swann_Galleries=Swann Galleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_Interactive_Games=UFO Interactive Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elemental_Technologies=Elemental Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LatinWorks=LatinWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benskins_Brewery=Benskins Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeadFirst_PD=HeadFirst PD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirvanix=Nirvanix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_China_Land=New World China Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiania_Sporveisselskab=Kristiania Sporveisselskab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EZCorp=EZCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine_Stockdale=Valentine Stockdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulthaup=Bulthaup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comme_Il_Faut=Comme Il Faut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiania_Kommunale_Sporveie=Kristiania Kommunale Sporveie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiania_Elektriske_Sporvei=Kristiania Elektriske Sporvei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_Energy_Resources=Queensland Energy Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iliad_SA=Iliad SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Shale_Oil=American Shale Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Leaf_Resources=Red Leaf Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTW_Architects=PTW Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emochila=Emochila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telogis=Telogis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enefit_American_Oil=Enefit American Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtract_Energy=Xtract Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Extension_College=National Extension College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresa=Cresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topflight_Corporation=Topflight Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldLink=WorldLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plextronics=Plextronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuvalu_Trust_Fund=Tuvalu Trust Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indilinx=Indilinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abby_Z.=Abby Z.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesmail=Yesmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Copper_Mining_Company_of_Arizona=Detroit Copper Mining Company of Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodgdon_Powder_Company=Hodgdon Powder Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servcorp=Servcorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoeisha=Shoeisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujirebio=Fujirebio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedEx_Office=FedEx Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamco_International_Insurance_Ltd=Lamco International Insurance Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husa_Transportation_Group=Husa Transportation Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiener_Lokalbahnen=Wiener Lokalbahnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Eye=Smart Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Register_of_Shipping=Indian Register of Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain's_Base=Brain's Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing=Boeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HavenCo=HavenCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headstrong_Games=Headstrong Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_(helmet_manufacturer)=Shark (helmet manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elverys_Sports=Elverys Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantage_media=Vantage media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallmark_Cards=Hallmark Cards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slitherine_Strategies=Slitherine Strategies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biedronka=Biedronka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CorVel_Corporation=CorVel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krisalis_Software=Krisalis Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friesens=Friesens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Stone_Creamery=Cold Stone Creamery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Motor_Car_Carrier=Nissan Motor Car Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Construction_Design_International=China Construction Design International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amreit=Amreit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Energy_Partners=Independent Energy Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrisonville_Telephone_Company=Harrisonville Telephone Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusera=Trusera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neiman_Marcus=Neiman Marcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laguna_Resources=Laguna Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Famous_Productions=Paramount Famous Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_West_Energy=Mountain West Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Technical_Intelligence_Center=Advanced Technical Intelligence Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PFSweb=PFSweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Box_Films=Music Box Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KidZui=KidZui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimdim=Dimdim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adina_World_Beat_Beverages=Adina World Beat Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servage_Hosting=Servage Hosting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techstars=Techstars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revue_Noire=Revue Noire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEP_Broadcasting=NEP Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayOn=PlayOn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marorka=Marorka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubby's=Tubby's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEi_Software=NEi Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetwater_Sound=Sweetwater Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_Drums=Dixon Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LSR_Group=LSR Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wii_Opera_SDK=Wii Opera SDK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuters=Reuters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BP=BP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nike,_Inc.=Nike, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_Entertainment=Spellbound Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawanna_Steel_Company=Lackawanna Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronos_Digital_Entertainment=Kronos Digital Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OZ_Minerals=OZ Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reclaimed_Space=Reclaimed Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNS_Advantage=DNS Advantage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Industries=Guardian Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtway=Virtway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameroon_Radio_Television=Cameroon Radio Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautel=Nautel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makhad_Trust=Makhad Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Banking_Group=Dubai Banking Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHS_Inc.=IHS Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangsazi_Iran=Rangsazi Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beecher's_Handmade_Cheese=Beecher's Handmade Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uli's_Famous_Sausage=Uli's Famous Sausage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vente-privee.com=Vente-privee.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Press=Coral Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaWorks_New_Zealand=MediaWorks New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoh_Services=Yoh Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MeteoGroup=MeteoGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Radio=Virgin Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DUSA_Pharmaceuticals=DUSA Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimbali=Cimbali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribal_Gear=Tribal Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SevOne=SevOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teague_(company)=Teague (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demandware=Demandware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Federal_Bank_of_the_Midwest=First Federal Bank of the Midwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navigenics=Navigenics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gueudet=Gueudet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helibras=Helibras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivid_Imaginations=Vivid Imaginations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAW=BAW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TiGenix=TiGenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construction_Photography=Construction Photography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMBEL=IMBEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Plus_Cellular=Page Plus Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Beer_Company=Florida Beer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydra_Technologies=Hydra Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_For_Economic_Reforms=Action For Economic Reforms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science.ie=Science.ie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlarmForce=AlarmForce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwave=Greenwave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XBRL_International=XBRL International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsemi=Microsemi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rinascente=La Rinascente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incinerator_Studios=Incinerator Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSS_Industries=CSS Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provident_Bank_of_New_Jersey=Provident Bank of New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maitres_du_Temps=Maitres du Temps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Buy_Europe=Best Buy Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebara_Group=Lebara Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Sonorama=Asahi Sonorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knockouts=Knockouts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin's_Foods=Griffin's Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurent-Perrier=Laurent-Perrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuloc=Manuloc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiatzy_Chen=Shiatzy Chen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroku=Heroku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rackspace_Cloud=Rackspace Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St1=St1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebox_Limited=Bluebox Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMT_(mobile_operator)=EMT (mobile operator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viksund_Boats=Viksund Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splunk=Splunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viewzi=Viewzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburguesas_El_Corral=Hamburguesas El Corral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartmarx=Hartmarx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Venkatesh_Films=Shree Venkatesh Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grocon=Grocon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tescra=Tescra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Investment_Council=Abu Dhabi Investment Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seatwave=Seatwave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phreesia=Phreesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriGeo_Network_Security=TriGeo Network Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hightech_Information_System=Hightech Information System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarReserve=SolarReserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Caterpillar_Forklift_America=Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WSO2=WSO2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemy_Partners=Alchemy Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torresol_Energy=Torresol Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Alliance_for_Youth_Sports=National Alliance for Youth Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fajr_Aviation_&_Composites_Industry=Fajr Aviation & Composites Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_and_District_Electric_Lighting_Company=Newcastle and District Electric Lighting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_de_Laurentiis_Cinematografica=Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IVideosongs=IVideosongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Hunks_Hauling_Junk=College Hunks Hauling Junk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenway_Sports_Group=Fenway Sports Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aforementioned_Productions=Aforementioned Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedder_6=Bedder 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FilmFair=FilmFair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyscooters=Flyscooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qwest=Qwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_Equities=Thor Equities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Age_Electronics=Space Age Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F_Collar=F Collar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Marc=Andrew Marc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Dunes=Platinum Dunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Wizard=Music Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YTB_International=YTB International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L_J_Couves_&_Partners=L J Couves & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Aero-Technology_Import_&_Export_Corporation=China National Aero-Technology Import & Export Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_Bar-B-Que=Dreamland Bar-B-Que
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaxwood_Guitars=Flaxwood Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presearch=Presearch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Globo=Grupo Globo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savivo=Savivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InsWeb=InsWeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_American_University=Allied American University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Yacht_Club=Erie Yacht Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3_Skypephone_Series=3 Skypephone Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_(department_store)=Halls (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurex=Futurex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canesta=Canesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow-Elkhart_(automobile_company)=Crow-Elkhart (automobile company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midtown_Comics=Midtown Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverfleet_Capital=Silverfleet Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRAITEC=GRAITEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Choice_Haircutters=First Choice Haircutters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synchronica=Synchronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accion_U.S._Network=Accion U.S. Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westchester_Medical_Center=Westchester Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savers_Health_&_Beauty=Savers Health & Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stott_Pilates=Stott Pilates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yammer=Yammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuchsia_(clothing)=Fuchsia (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Clip_Studios=Empty Clip Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capcom_Vancouver=Capcom Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutomatedQA=AutomatedQA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerminalFour=TerminalFour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Comfort_Products_Corporation=International Comfort Products Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelio's_Pizza=Aurelio's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIRARCO=MIRARCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Flake=Golden Flake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speck_Products=Speck Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magna_Corporation=Magna Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charron_(automobile)=Charron (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueFace=BlueFace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetMotion_Wireless=NetMotion Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haynes_International=Haynes International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objectworld_Communications=Objectworld Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zscaler=Zscaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alloy_Entertainment=Alloy Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-yo-sha=Shin-yo-sha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonduelle=Bonduelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CF_Industries=CF Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moldflow=Moldflow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfinckel,_Brooks_Brothers,_Miller_&_Rhoads,_Inc.=Garfinckel, Brooks Brothers, Miller & Rhoads, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flava_Works=Flava Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Nursery_Company=Oregon Nursery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_6_Films=Stage 6 Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northland_Organic_Foods_Corporation=Northland Organic Foods Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Northland_Transportation_Commission=Ontario Northland Transportation Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vos_Iz_Neias%3F=Vos Iz Neias?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_Food_Corporation=Heartland Food Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GamersGate=GamersGate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konfrontacja_Sztuk_Walki=Konfrontacja Sztuk Walki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All3Media=All3Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embrace_(non-profit)=Embrace (non-profit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TT_Fusion=TT Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_&_Financial_Chronicle=Commercial & Financial Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitbit=Fitbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winzler_&_Kelly=Winzler & Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamendo=Jamendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Event_Comics=Event Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Multiplex_Cinemas=Australian Multiplex Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanner_Inc.=Lanner Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KTV_Ltd.=KTV Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semcon=Semcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taliya=Taliya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wide_Web_Foundation=World Wide Web Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanlu_Group=Sanlu Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEC_(media_agency)=MEC (media agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NexTag=NexTag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putzmeister=Putzmeister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Oak_Stove_Company=Round Oak Stove Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtube=Xtube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Copper=United Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_Northwestern_Hospital=Abbott Northwestern Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC=BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Golf=Cobra Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Chef=Little Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County's_Credit_Union=Orange County's Credit Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July_Systems=July Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Fuel_Gas=National Fuel Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacosmos=Pharmacosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtrak=Celtrak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siskel/Jacobs_Productions=Siskel/Jacobs Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Horse_Brewing_Company=War Horse Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaver_Popcorn_Company=Weaver Popcorn Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pershing_LLC=Pershing LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RightScale=RightScale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Gas_Corporation=Korea Gas Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folio_Corporation=Folio Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinigy=Trinigy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Freshley's=Mrs. Freshley's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sytner_Group=Sytner Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Lager,_Inc.=Regal Lager, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memex_Technology_Limited=Memex Technology Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GLG_Partners=GLG Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_Saimira=Pyramid Saimira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TBS_GB=TBS GB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Insurance_Group=Mercury Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlight_Capital=Greenlight Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radijus_Vektor=Radijus Vektor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBOS=HBOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TP-Link=TP-Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_By_Students_(ABS)_Notebooks=All By Students (ABS) Notebooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetley's_Brewery=Tetley's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dol2day=Dol2day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_President_Foods=Thai President Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anheuser-Busch_InBev=Anheuser-Busch InBev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berliner-Joyce=Berliner-Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koleje_Mazowieckie=Koleje Mazowieckie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Austria=Orange Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&R=B&R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Capital=Allied Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Energy_Systems=Orion Energy Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actions_Semiconductor=Actions Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Systems_International=Open Systems International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Motorcycles_Ltd=Triumph Motorcycles Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresnillo_plc=Fresnillo plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Response_Dynamics=Response Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Securities=Montgomery Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueX=TrueX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARC_Music=ARC Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallet_&_Co.=Gallet & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antics_Technologies=Antics Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Competition_Cams=Competition Cams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yashili=Yashili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Caterpillar_Forklifts=Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_Division=Engineering Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HCL_Axon=HCL Axon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BH_Global=BH Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synergy_Health=Synergy Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rib-X_Pharmaceuticals=Rib-X Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peragallo_Pipe_Organ_Company=Peragallo Pipe Organ Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESolar=ESolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMINT_Image_Intelligence_AB=IMINT Image Intelligence AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detmer_Woolen_Company=Detmer Woolen Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEL_Solar=TEL Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EXASOL=EXASOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stickman_Graphics=Stickman Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BullsEye_Telecom=BullsEye Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BoatUS=BoatUS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenstone_TV=Greenstone TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R/GA=R/GA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Global_Enterprise=Vodafone Global Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CybAero=CybAero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benso_Oil_Palm_Plantation=Benso Oil Palm Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocoa_Processing_Company=Cocoa Processing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Ghana_Breweries=Guinness Ghana Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Petroleum_Ghana=Total Petroleum Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Flights=Kiss Flights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Milk=Fan Milk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Risk_Management_Services=Integrated Risk Management Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever_Ghana=Unilever Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Studio=Game Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_District_Nursing_Service_(South_Australia)=Royal District Nursing Service (South Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Healthcareer_Association=National Healthcareer Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhart_Steel_Products_Company=Eberhart Steel Products Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTTNews=RTTNews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Corp=Trans Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutunski_kombinat_Prilep=Tutunski kombinat Prilep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shafer_Valve_Company=Shafer Valve Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KRU_Studios=KRU Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOG.com=GOG.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_State_Mutual_Life_Insurance_Company=Golden State Mutual Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayala_Malls=Ayala Malls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Corporation_of_the_Philippines=Radio Corporation of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberojet=Iberojet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothong_Lines=Gothong Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullfrog_Power=Bullfrog Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkers_(snack_foods)=Walkers (snack foods)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orenco_(aircraft_manufacturer)=Orenco (aircraft manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patio_Hotels=Patio Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Followap=Followap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Card_Systems=Advanced Card Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramada_Jarvis=Ramada Jarvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lastrego=Lastrego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiducia_IT_AG=Fiducia IT AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTS_India=MTS India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petra_Diamonds=Petra Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Accents=Urban Accents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Strategy_Group=Global Strategy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TiVo_Inc.=TiVo Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wendy's_Company=The Wendy's Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Dynamics=Steel Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sal's_Pizza=Sal's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudioCanal_UK=StudioCanal UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farallon_Capital=Farallon Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemofarm_a.d.=Hemofarm a.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galenika_a.d.=Galenika a.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermote_&_Vanhalst=Thermote & Vanhalst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_Acceptance_Corporation=Certified Acceptance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Och-Ziff_Capital_Management=Och-Ziff Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skellerup=Skellerup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ILD_Teleservices=ILD Teleservices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinjiang_International=Jinjiang International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Hindman_Auctioneers=Leslie Hindman Auctioneers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_Man_Water_and_Sewerage_Authority=Isle of Man Water and Sewerage Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tableau_Software=Tableau Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_Computer_Corporation=Language Computer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Automobiles=Fiat Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Parking_System=Republic Parking System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phiten=Phiten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinera=Infinera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suning_Appliance=Suning Appliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Motorcycles=Zero Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzhou_Laojiao=Luzhou Laojiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charter_Company=Charter Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon_Ventures=Pantheon Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowe_Horwath=Crowe Horwath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plustek=Plustek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wescorp_Energy=Wescorp Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giordano's_Pizzeria=Giordano's Pizzeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECT=CECT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Overseas_Chinese_Town_Holding_Company=Shenzhen Overseas Chinese Town Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stericycle=Stericycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Merchants_Property=China Merchants Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_Brewing_Company=Dundee Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_for_Mom=A Place for Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MECON_Limited=MECON Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Bunch_(film_company)=Wild Bunch (film company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnServe=EnServe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idaho_Power=Idaho Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HYSTA=HYSTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugges_Ale_och_Porterbryggeri=Dugges Ale och Porterbryggeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleversafe=Cleversafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EpiCentre_K=EpiCentre K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Productions_Ltd=One Productions Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC_Connection=PC Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeelandia=Zeelandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billings_Clinic=Billings Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majid_Al_Futtaim_Group=Majid Al Futtaim Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMA_New_Media=GMA New Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hired_Gun=Hired Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procter_&_Gamble=Procter & Gamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TST_Overland_Express=TST Overland Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dax_Cars=Dax Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronimo_Games=Ronimo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trek_Aerospace=Trek Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Striker=Raw Striker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softpro=Softpro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georg_Fischer_(Swiss_company)=Georg Fischer (Swiss company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_Dynamics=Data Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acision=Acision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megelli_Motorcycles=Megelli Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FM_Center=FM Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTX_Audio=MTX Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchip=Alchip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullers_Bay_of_Islands=Fullers Bay of Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearing_Corporation=Clearing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnshire_Co-operative=Lincolnshire Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunnan_Copper=Yunnan Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athenahealth=Athenahealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solyndra=Solyndra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidetur=Sidetur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratasys=Stratasys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resun=Resun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmascience=Pharmascience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fostoria_Glass_Company=Fostoria Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xpress_Movers=Xpress Movers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valor_Security_Services=Valor Security Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DisplayLink=DisplayLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fictionwise=Fictionwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascent_Solar=Ascent Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord_Container_Corporation=Gaylord Container Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamee_Double-Decker=Mamee Double-Decker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xishan_Coal_and_Electricity_Power=Xishan Coal and Electricity Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_Theatre_Arts=Stagecoach Theatre Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americas'_SAP_Users'_Group=Americas' SAP Users' Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemalto_M2M=Gemalto M2M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Natural_Resources=Pioneer Natural Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalan_Food_Safety_Agency=Catalan Food Safety Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comix-ART=Comix-ART
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&P_Dow_Jones_Indices=S&P Dow Jones Indices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_Business_Technologies=Matrix Business Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Inn=Panda Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signature_BioScience=Signature BioScience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuikTrip=QuikTrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O_Retailing=H2O Retailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Energy=Shenzhen Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimal_Energy_Joule=Optimal Energy Joule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adonit=Adonit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtel_digital_TV=Airtel digital TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communications_Corporation_of_America=Communications Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother's_Cookies=Mother's Cookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archway_Cookies=Archway Cookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt_Manufacturing_Company=Holt Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wills=Jack Wills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simbiosys=Simbiosys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewBoy=NewBoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CancerVax=CancerVax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MannanLife=MannanLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Group_Ltd=Heavenly Group Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth,_Eastman_Dillon_&_Co.=Blyth, Eastman Dillon & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unify_GmbH_&_Co._KG=Unify GmbH & Co. KG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Power=Beacon Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callison=Callison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleva_Travel=Kaleva Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BKW_FMB_Energie=BKW FMB Energie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediNotes=MediNotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBTF_Technology=CBTF Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Control_Products_Limited=Animal Control Products Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlin_(car)=Marlin (car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecourier=Ecourier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SONIFI_Solutions=SONIFI Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohner-Werke=Lohner-Werke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NuVasive=NuVasive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storeboard_Media=Storeboard Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grezzo=Grezzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odersun=Odersun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelamis_Wave_Power=Pelamis Wave Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Get_Ready_(organization)=Let's Get Ready (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_Products=Automotive Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NERO_International=NERO International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JL_Audio=JL Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhino_Foods=Rhino Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossword_Bookstores=Crossword Bookstores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwell_Tools=Cornwell Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Collections=G-Collections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rectilinear_Research_Corporation=Rectilinear Research Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Quality_Foundation=British Quality Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabeel_Investments=Zabeel Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_Media_Group=Nation Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROKETSAN=ROKETSAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychemedics_Corporation=Psychemedics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_Hand_Tools=SK Hand Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPARKLE_Computer=SPARKLE Computer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kystlink=Kystlink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Natural_Foods=United Natural Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomnia_Publications=Insomnia Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Focus=Tomorrow Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldBand_Media=WorldBand Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Political_Majors=Young Political Majors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Profero=Lowe Profero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck's_Incorporated=Luck's Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamecaster=Gamecaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallow_Airplane_Company=Swallow Airplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PADICAT=PADICAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-Etsu_Chemical=Shin-Etsu Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Broadcasting_Systems=Pacific Broadcasting Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Entertainment=Dolphin Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wera_Tools=Wera Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Liners=Manchester Liners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pando_Networks=Pando Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NSW_Business_Chamber=NSW Business Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrutanjan_Healthcare=Amrutanjan Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hard_Coal_Company=National Hard Coal Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raj_Hamsa_Ultralights=Raj Hamsa Ultralights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Co-operative_Food=The Co-operative Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Bank=Ocean Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forte_Design_Systems=Forte Design Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayea_Boat_&_Aeroplane_Works=Mayea Boat & Aeroplane Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hygenic_Corporation=Hygenic Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton_Designs=Denton Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane's_Rib_Shack=Shane's Rib Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HFF_(commercial_real_estate)=HFF (commercial real estate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammann_&_Whitney=Ammann & Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solace_Systems=Solace Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Medical_Group=Boston Medical Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniworld=Uniworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_and_Transcontinental_Company=Oregon and Transcontinental Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangea3=Pangea3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Thomas_Health=Saint Thomas Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truviso=Truviso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_East_India_Company=Portuguese East India Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_House_(company)=Chancellor House (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slalom_Consulting=Slalom Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Software=Golden Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Gigante=Grupo Gigante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accident_Fund=Accident Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porsche_Holding=Porsche Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Electricity_Generating_Company=Kenya Electricity Generating Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandate_Pictures=Mandate Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Linkery=The Linkery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Telecom=Macquarie Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istrabenz=Istrabenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVM_Group=MVM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumerio_Med=Cumerio Med
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denofa=Denofa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scene7=Scene7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicians_Health_Choice=Physicians Health Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AccelerEyes=AccelerEyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Brands=Rocky Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Partners=Alta Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_River_Knife_&_Tool=Columbia River Knife & Tool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Venture_Capital_Association=New England Venture Capital Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretoria_Portland_Cement_Company=Pretoria Portland Cement Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glatt_group=Glatt group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syncopy_Inc.=Syncopy Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecnologia_Automotiva_Catarinense=Tecnologia Automotiva Catarinense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saizeriya=Saizeriya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macao_Dragon_Company=Macao Dragon Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Quality_Hotels_International=Swiss Quality Hotels International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semikron=Semikron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khulna_Shipyard=Khulna Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_Corporation=Z Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allseas=Allseas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_Fabrics=Hancock Fabrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthline=Healthline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olainfarm=Olainfarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azaleos=Azaleos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilderness_Scotland=Wilderness Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVN_Group=EVN Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Electricity=Vietnam Electricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STARLIMS=STARLIMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_(company)=Vector (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shocker_Toys=Shocker Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Crafts=Rainbow Crafts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunnan_Baiyao_Group=Yunnan Baiyao Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppNexus=AppNexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Asia=Columbia Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTM_(Macau)=CTM (Macau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex_Comics=Vortex Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarko_Holding=Alarko Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_Pictures=Solaris Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Screen=Mammoth Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Micro=Energy Micro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Resorts=Empire Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.L._Polk_&_Company=R.L. Polk & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanaho=Hanaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offset_Software=Offset Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenue_Capital_Group=Avenue Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHL_Aviation=DHL Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antler_Luggage=Antler Luggage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutreco=Nutreco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympic_Steel=Olympic Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisense_Kelon=Hisense Kelon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_BioMarine=Aker BioMarine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemen_Mobile=Yemen Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympus_Partners=Olympus Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Princess_Film_Production=Golden Princess Film Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_Airport_Partners=Lima Airport Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esse_stoves=Esse stoves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeds_Jewelers=Reeds Jewelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luoyang_Glass=Luoyang Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daher=Daher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MWM_GmbH=MWM GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueFire_Renewables=BlueFire Renewables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Sports_Center=Celebrity Sports Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkside_Media=Parkside Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Izumi=Pearl Izumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan's_on_Third=Joan's on Third
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Brea_Bakery=La Brea Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electrocentrale_Bucharest=Electrocentrale Bucharest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RADET=RADET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Airport_Services=Vancouver Airport Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POET=POET
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Gas_and_Electric=Madison Gas and Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddell=Riddell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenta_(retail)=Lenta (retail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GN_Store_Nord=GN Store Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astragon=Astragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EE_Technologies=EE Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascoma_Corporation=Mascoma Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hield=Hield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Homes=Champion Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Designs=Digital Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Ange_Pharmaceutical=Nanjing Ange Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroy_Merlin=Leroy Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennox_Hearth_Products=Lennox Hearth Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taptu=Taptu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Data=Alpha Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Online_OS=Online OS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broom_Development_Engineering=Broom Development Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZESCO=ZESCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektroprivreda_Bosne_i_Hercegovine=Elektroprivreda Bosne i Hercegovine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99p_Stores=99p Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Boy_Plumbing_&_Electrical_Supply=A-Boy Plumbing & Electrical Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladdin_(food_&_beverage_containers)=Aladdin (food & beverage containers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMCO_Carbide_Tool=IMCO Carbide Tool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Want_Want=Want Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Com_Productions=Star Com Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exel=Exel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemische_Fabrik_Kalk=Chemische Fabrik Kalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsythe_Technology=Forsythe Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Prep=Revolution Prep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Zosen_Corporation=Hitachi Zosen Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Trust_Bank=Overseas Trust Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuropaCorp=EuropaCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinyuan_Real_Estate=Xinyuan Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super-Pharm=Super-Pharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aroma_Espresso_Bar=Aroma Espresso Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Intercultural_Dialogue_and_Translation=Center for Intercultural Dialogue and Translation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adnkronos=Adnkronos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._Gluck_Corporation=E. Gluck Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Industry_Corporation_of_China=Aviation Industry Corporation of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompuBank=CompuBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneath_Glass_Company=Sneath Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnet_Kitchens=Magnet Kitchens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loire_Aviation=Loire Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_International_Company=Pink International Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemo_Design=Nemo Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Grille=Congo Grille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shionogi=Shionogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ablex_Publishing=Ablex Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasad_Studios=Prasad Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotify=Spotify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRG_Engineering=NRG Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaba_Group=Kaba Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MNC_Corporation=MNC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motomel=Motomel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khanani_and_Kalia_International_(Private)_Limited=Khanani and Kalia International (Private) Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyberArk=CyberArk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostitch=Bostitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WuXi_PharmaTech=WuXi PharmaTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Wings_&_Rings=Buffalo Wings & Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Calvo=Grupo Calvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glh.=Glh.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flylab=Flylab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIVA_Model_Management=VIVA Model Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Iron_and_Steel=Nanjing Iron and Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mformation=Mformation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeTV.com=LeTV.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PitchBook_Data=PitchBook Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Technology_Group=Web Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nishimoto_Trading_Co.,_Ltd.=Nishimoto Trading Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gen4_Energy=Gen4 Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MrsP.com=MrsP.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightside_Group=Brightside Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SurveyMonkey=SurveyMonkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NIGP_Code=NIGP Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metric_Hosiery_Company=Metric Hosiery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawmut_Design_and_Construction=Shawmut Design and Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servpro=Servpro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Gumpertz_&_Heger_Inc.=Simpson Gumpertz & Heger Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Fuel_Complex=Nuclear Fuel Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caliper_Life_Sciences=Caliper Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_and_Red's=Fred and Red's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagidari_System=Bhagidari System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGrath's_Fish_House=McGrath's Fish House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credit_Karma=Credit Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Racing_Shox=Fox Racing Shox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_Ballet=New Jersey Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Hotels=Design Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyle_Lift=Lifestyle Lift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeebo_Inc.=Zeebo Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compugen_Inc.=Compugen Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idemitsu_Kosan=Idemitsu Kosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Brands=Castle Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Boats=Lowe Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starcraft_Marine=Starcraft Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nations_Trust_Bank=Nations Trust Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedicated_Freight_Corridor_Corporation_of_India=Dedicated Freight Corridor Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simcere_Pharmaceutical=Simcere Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_Boot_Ltd=Hunter Boot Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where.com=Where.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SavaCentre=SavaCentre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruppo_Editoriale_L'Espresso=Gruppo Editoriale L'Espresso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accounting_Technicians_Ireland=Accounting Technicians Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuyuan_Tourist_Mart=Yuyuan Tourist Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommo_Inc.=Tommo Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixstars_Solutions=Fixstars Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&P_Group=A&P Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Nuclear=Southern Nuclear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedetti's_Pizza=Benedetti's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velodyne_Inc.=Velodyne Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont_Glass_Company=Belmont Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._M._Ispahani_Limited=M. M. Ispahani Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Paints=Crown Paints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Lambert=Studio Lambert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harsco_Infrastructure_Deutschland_GmbH=Harsco Infrastructure Deutschland GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Features=Fortune Features
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globus_(clothing_retailer)=Globus (clothing retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akris=Akris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Accident_Helpline=National Accident Helpline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeywell_Aerospace=Honeywell Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SitePoint=SitePoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrett_AiResearch=Garrett AiResearch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scores_(restaurant)=Scores (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kioti=Kioti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inq_Mobile=Inq Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEAT_Sport=SEAT Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchester_Collection=Dorchester Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuantumDigital=QuantumDigital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrations_Group=Celebrations Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atala_T=Atala T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GB_Railways=GB Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realsoft=Realsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apex_Silver_Mines=Apex Silver Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephyr_Technology=Zephyr Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JN-International_Medical_Corporation=JN-International Medical Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quill_Corporation=Quill Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenplum=Greenplum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxon_Huddersfield=Moxon Huddersfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leekes=Leekes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchmen_Recording_Studios=Watchmen Recording Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrewDog=BrewDog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Agostini=De Agostini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garajonay_Express=Garajonay Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accreditation_Association_for_Ambulatory_Health_Care=Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_Play=2K Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compile_Heart=Compile Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vi_Senior_Living,_Classic_Residence=Vi Senior Living, Classic Residence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idea_Factory=Idea Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Commercial_Management=Institute of Commercial Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybex_International=Cybex International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Biological_Supply_Company=Carolina Biological Supply Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermaltake=Thermaltake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightspeed_Venture_Partners=Lightspeed Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_South_Africa=General Motors South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explocity=Explocity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Landmark_Woodcraft=Maple Landmark Woodcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gree_Electric=Gree Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hut_Group=The Hut Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preqin=Preqin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane_Merchandising_Systems=Crane Merchandising Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Press_Group=Color Press Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seavi_Advent=Seavi Advent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joie_de_Vivre_Hospitality=Joie de Vivre Hospitality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_American_Railway_Services=British American Railway Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apulum_(company)=Apulum (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Brass_Company=American Brass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isetan_Mitsukoshi_Holdings=Isetan Mitsukoshi Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifford's_Ice_Cream_&_Candy_Co.=Gifford's Ice Cream & Candy Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeview_(Australia)=Freeview (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cashmaster_International_Ltd=Cashmaster International Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_Jeans=Gas Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panzhihua_Iron_and_Steel=Panzhihua Iron and Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asano_zaibatsu=Asano zaibatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amyris_(company)=Amyris (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Companies_US,_Inc.=Ryan Companies US, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh_Power_Generation_Corporation=Andhra Pradesh Power Generation Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Rain=Talking Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_Corporation_of_Andhra_Pradesh=Transmission Corporation of Andhra Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citibank_Australia=Citibank Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deb_Shops=Deb Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_Investment_Authority=Uganda Investment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Pictures=Fantasy Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InfoCom_Corporation=InfoCom Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PickupPal=PickupPal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retail_Food_Group=Retail Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KBJ_Architects=KBJ Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Regional_Co-operative_Society=Anglia Regional Co-operative Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspio=Caspio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnaphuli_Paper_Mills=Karnaphuli Paper Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temmler=Temmler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusosha_Publishing=Fusosha Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grivel_(mountain_climbing)=Grivel (mountain climbing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrish_&_Heimbecker=Parrish & Heimbecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Blue_Cross=Independence Blue Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambro=Gambro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reputation.com=Reputation.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HD_Supply=HD Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rydges_Hotels_&_Resorts=Rydges Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polygon_Magic=Polygon Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_Flavors=Latin Flavors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberoi_Hotels_&_Resorts=Oberoi Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Hung_Kai_&_Co.=Sun Hung Kai & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportika_SA=Sportika SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scentsy=Scentsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pangang_Group_Vanadium_Titanium_&_Resources=Pangang Group Vanadium Titanium & Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelle_Pelle=Pelle Pelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MG_Car_Club=MG Car Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Press=Sakura Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Che_1867=O'Che 1867
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_Broadband=Wave Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_O._Welch_Co.=James O. Welch Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion's_Choice=Lion's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Semiconductor=Magnum Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iggesund_Paperboard=Iggesund Paperboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenzo_(brand)=Kenzo (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Motorcycles=Abingdon Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedco=Kedco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Block_Drug=Block Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_the_Nation_(Peru)=Bank of the Nation (Peru)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson's_Bay_Trading_Company=Hudson's Bay Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsim_Sha_Tsui_Properties_Limited=Tsim Sha Tsui Properties Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caritas_Christi_Health_Care=Caritas Christi Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COFCO_Group=COFCO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Media_Group=Times Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti_Piracy_Maritime_Security_Solutions=Anti Piracy Maritime Security Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Steak=Great Steak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranch1=Ranch1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermap_Technologies=Intermap Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangsteel=Tangsteel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company_of_Argentina=Ford Motor Company of Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascot-Pullin_Motorcycles=Ascot-Pullin Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Microphones=Blue Microphones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Games=Buffalo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn-ar-Bed_(company)=Penn-ar-Bed (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MotorSport_Vision=MotorSport Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koronis_Pharmaceuticals=Koronis Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Aviation_Authority_of_Uganda=Civil Aviation Authority of Uganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabholz_Construction=Nabholz Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizons_Computer_Learning_Centers=New Horizons Computer Learning Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Milltronics_Process_Instruments=Siemens Milltronics Process Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BPP_Holdings=BPP Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ribbit_(telecommunications_company)=Ribbit (telecommunications company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hemp_Trading_Company=The Hemp Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Insurance=21st Century Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinohydro=Sinohydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Brewing_Company=Moonlight Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahanagar_Telephone_Mauritius_Limited=Mahanagar Telephone Mauritius Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oji_Paper_Company=Oji Paper Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IXsystems=IXsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentrix=Concentrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Benchmarking_Network=Global Benchmarking Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Performance_Products=Harris Performance Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Side_Productions=A Side Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flygprestanda=Flygprestanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variance_Films=Variance Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetra_Tech=Tetra Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson_International=Richardson International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kink.com=Kink.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mando_Corporation=Mando Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDC_Group=CDC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versant_Corporation=Versant Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxer_TV_A/S=Boxer TV A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ares_Management=Ares Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con-way_Truckload=Con-way Truckload
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con-way_Freight=Con-way Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Venture_Partners=U.S. Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliopolis_Sporting_Club=Heliopolis Sporting Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concur_Technologies=Concur Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JaffeHolden_Acoustics=JaffeHolden Acoustics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Blue_Meenie_Recording_Studio=Big Blue Meenie Recording Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendio=Sendio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambian_News_Agency=Zambian News Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Mobile_US=T-Mobile US
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Arctic_Line=Royal Arctic Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huf_Haus=Huf Haus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grup_Servicii_Petroliere=Grup Servicii Petroliere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.J._Corman_Railroad_Group=R.J. Corman Railroad Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistler_Group=Whistler Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Land_Foundation_for_Relief_and_Development=Holy Land Foundation for Relief and Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_Network_Studio_of_NENU=Join Network Studio of NENU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopoTarget=TopoTarget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_Road=Anywhere Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novosti_a.d.=Novosti a.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correctional_Services_Corporation=Correctional Services Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPX_Corporation=RPX Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebei_Iron_and_Steel=Hebei Iron and Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playrix=Playrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerigroup=Amerigroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Array_Networks=Array Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_Law_School=Kaplan Law School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Shoe=Brown Shoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wachovia=Wachovia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Automobile_Company=Imperial Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clublink=Clublink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manager_Tools_Podcast=Manager Tools Podcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canditv=Canditv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rights_and_Resources_Initiative=Rights and Resources Initiative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GradeGuru=GradeGuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umicore=Umicore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfa_Aesar=Alfa Aesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scripps_Health=Scripps Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo-Union=Turbo-Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Mobile_Hong_Kong_Company_Limited=China Mobile Hong Kong Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCCW_Mobile=PCCW Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday_Communications_Limited=Sunday Communications Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat_Conservation_Trust=Bat Conservation Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STX_Finland=STX Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Boots=Justin Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuyama=Yuyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSSA_Chemical_company=MSSA Chemical company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youmail=Youmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxie_Sozo=Moxie Sozo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream_Global_Services=Stream Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FatKat_(investment_software)=FatKat (investment software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Link_Ferries=Coastal Link Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trocellen=Trocellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hovione=Hovione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speirs_and_Major_Associates=Speirs and Major Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Motors_Corporation=Carbon Motors Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewBridge_Bank=NewBridge Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calera_Capital=Calera Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedman_Fleischer_&_Lowe=Friedman Fleischer & Lowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashford_Manor_Stable=Bashford Manor Stable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_PCS_Limited=New World PCS Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiv_Ta'am=Tiv Ta'am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma_Seven=Sigma Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Tweeks=Demon Tweeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S2S_Pte._Ltd.=S2S Pte. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_Harvard_Medical_International=Partners Harvard Medical International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwind_(company)=Northwind (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emery_Telcom=Emery Telcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name.com=Name.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDS_Scheer=IDS Scheer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HarbourVest_Partners=HarbourVest Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosalt=Cosalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beard_Miller_Company=Beard Miller Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Parking=Standard Parking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Baghdad=Bank of Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Pantry_Cafe=Original Pantry Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_National_Bank_South_Dakota=First National Bank South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricegrowers_Limited=Ricegrowers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Bungeisha=Nihon Bungeisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jitsugyo_no_Nihon_Sha=Jitsugyo no Nihon Sha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Chorley_Art_&_Antiques=Simon Chorley Art & Antiques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinacomin=Vinacomin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burr,_Egan,_Deleage_&_Co.=Burr, Egan, Deleage & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Communications=Alta Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaris_Partners=Polaris Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credit_ombudsman_service=Credit ombudsman service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARC_Resources=ARC Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_Studio=Black Rock Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metech_Incorporated=Metech Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherrybrook_Kitchen=Cherrybrook Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgenthaler=Morgenthaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.E._Rykoff=S.E. Rykoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Farms=Hickory Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tee_Yih_Jia=Tee Yih Jia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkpr=Sparkpr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Faster_Stripe=Go Faster Stripe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Health_(Livonia,_Michigan)=Trinity Health (Livonia, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHOP=IHOP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigFix=BigFix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiant_Logic=Radiant Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Resource_Partners=Mammoth Resource Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EASIC=EASIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malibu_Boats=Malibu Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toms_Shoes=Toms Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Attack_Grill=Heart Attack Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIER_Systems=PIER Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pequot_Capital_Management=Pequot Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARIAD_Pharmaceuticals=ARIAD Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmill_Wind_Farm_Co-operative=Westmill Wind Farm Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Rare_Metals=Avalon Rare Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trend_News_Agency=Trend News Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Pure_Foods=Country Pure Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Pictures=Sun Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerry's_Grill=Gerry's Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PicNet=PicNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavithalayaa_Productions=Kavithalayaa Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniels_Fund=Daniels Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_CHI_&_Partners=Bates CHI & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra_State_Electricity_Distribution_Company_Limited=Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra_State_Electricity_Transmission_Company=Maharashtra State Electricity Transmission Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConvaTec=ConvaTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Health_Resources=Texas Health Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Struise_Brouwers=De Struise Brouwers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_Partners=Matrix Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapha_(sportswear)=Rapha (sportswear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_and_White_Productions=Pink and White Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Wax=Turtle Wax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeoGenius=GeoGenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofinnova=Sofinnova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M2_Telecommunications=M2 Telecommunications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavian_Tobacco_Group=Scandinavian Tobacco Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiangong_International=Tiangong International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willet_Hauser_Architectural_Glass=Willet Hauser Architectural Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigaset_Communications=Gigaset Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThalesNano=ThalesNano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIFO_(Nazi_company)=WIFO (Nazi company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEA_Investors=AEA Investors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenway_Partners=Fenway Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZAMCELCO=ZAMCELCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veeco=Veeco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikispaces=Wikispaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranswick_plc=Cranswick plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilier_Triestina=Wilier Triestina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dechra_Pharmaceuticals=Dechra Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relativity_Media=Relativity Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guys_Snack_Foods=Guys Snack Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_Shop=The Face Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Sheriff=Web Sheriff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkcaldie_&_Stains=Kirkcaldie & Stains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Bessie's=Aunt Bessie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Fisher_&_Sons=James Fisher & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagination_Technologies=Imagination Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthtex=Healthtex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_Group=Partners Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariat=Ariat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADInstruments=ADInstruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MK12=MK12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._E._Goodwin=A. E. Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Group=Willis Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alnatura=Alnatura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archimage=Archimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Cleantech_Ventures=Israel Cleantech Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtel_(Sri_Lanka)=Airtel (Sri Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleo_Solar=Aleo Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press-A-Print=Press-A-Print
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salvation_Army_Ray_and_Joan_Kroc_Center_Coeur_d'Alene=The Salvation Army Ray and Joan Kroc Center Coeur d'Alene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitrion=Sitrion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Technology_Ventures=Advanced Technology Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BKD,_LLP=BKD, LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_Financial_Corporation=Chemical Financial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellum_Entertainment_Group=Bellum Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagnie_Tunisienne_de_Navigation=Compagnie Tunisienne de Navigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_Performance_and_Racing=Audi Performance and Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adcole=Adcole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICS_Learn_(International_Correspondence_Schools)=ICS Learn (International Correspondence Schools)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IT-Political_Association_of_Denmark=IT-Political Association of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmi_Americo_&_Figlio=Cosmi Americo & Figlio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_State_Road_Transport_Corporation=Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avenues_(Kuwait)=The Avenues (Kuwait)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_Service_Motoring_Association=Civil Service Motoring Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Solar=Zenith Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Playground=Virtual Playground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingra_(construction_company)=Ingra (construction company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gio-Goi=Gio-Goi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS_Capital_Partners=ABS Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Engineering=Silk Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Nordenfelt_Guns_and_Ammunition_Company=Maxim Nordenfelt Guns and Ammunition Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman_family=Newman family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincolnshire_Management=Lincolnshire Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USG_People=USG People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stern_Value_Management=Stern Value Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Capital_Group=Crescent Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCW_Group=TCW Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Theatre=Sun Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hempest=The Hempest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Street_Capital=Duke Street Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PropertyGuys.com=PropertyGuys.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oorah_(organization)=Oorah (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Unit=Vector Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Company=Jordan Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genetics_Institute,_Inc.=Genetics Institute, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Records=Zenith Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_Council_on_Foreign_Relations=Mexican Council on Foreign Relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Online_Stores_Inc.=Online Stores Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackermans=Ackermans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausenco=Ausenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windjammer_Communications=Windjammer Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moov=Moov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digitel_GSM=Digitel GSM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriNet=TriNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POSCO_India=POSCO India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coogi=Coogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benchmark_Electronics=Benchmark Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Ventures=Austin Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imani_Entertainment=Imani Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.H._Couch=S.H. Couch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennicott_Wilderness_Journeys=Pennicott Wilderness Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent_Pictures=Innocent Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FleXtel=FleXtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trackpedia=Trackpedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet_Republic=Jet Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grady_Memorial_Hospital_(Delaware,_Ohio)=Grady Memorial Hospital (Delaware, Ohio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesray_Capital_Corporation=Wesray Capital Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Medici=Bank Medici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_Mint=Polish Mint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Trucks_and_Buses=Volkswagen Trucks and Buses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_Management_International=Money Management International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oroton=Oroton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_of_Official_Prison_Visitors=National Association of Official Prison Visitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abcam=Abcam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenapharm=Jenapharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_for_the_Advancement_of_Space_Safety=International Association for the Advancement of Space Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Digital_Arm=Boston Digital Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Point_Partners=Wind Point Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Coast_Regional_Blood_Center=Gulf Coast Regional Blood Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battery_Ventures=Battery Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBVA_Continental=BBVA Continental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigpoint_Games=Bigpoint Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick's_Last_Resort=Dick's Last Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Center_for_Independent_Publishing=New York Center for Independent Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Mercantil=Banco Mercantil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eby-Brown=Eby-Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Nevada_Corporation=Sierra Nevada Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacnet=Pacnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipro=Wipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retalix=Retalix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewbank=Ewbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_Sangbad_Sangstha=Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongaat_Hulett=Tongaat Hulett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santana_Cycles=Santana Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENC_Press=ENC Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_America_Transport=Access America Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KSS_Design_Group=KSS Design Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Business_Chamber=Sydney Business Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreland_Motor_Truck_Company=Moreland Motor Truck Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RingCentral=RingCentral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricfil=Electricfil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockton_Companies=Lockton Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacolod_Chicken_Inasal=Bacolod Chicken Inasal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manitowoc_Cranes=Manitowoc Cranes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgical_Outcomes_Analysis_and_Research=Surgical Outcomes Analysis and Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taishin_Futures_Co.,_Ltd.=Taishin Futures Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_International=Hill International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MENA_(cable_system)=MENA (cable system)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nynas=Nynas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbus_Publishing=Nimbus Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPL_(Integrated_Communications,_Inc.)=JPL (Integrated Communications, Inc.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_International_Group=Moody International Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody's_Mother's_Chocolate_Sauce=Somebody's Mother's Chocolate Sauce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legrand_(company)=Legrand (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Aerospace_International_Holdings,_Ltd._Hong_Kong=China Aerospace International Holdings, Ltd. Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouse_Library_for_Publishing_Arts=Crouse Library for Publishing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phnom_Penh_Commercial_Bank=Phnom Penh Commercial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_&_Associates=Mason & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universomo=Universomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaswitch=Metaswitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fauji_Fertilizer_Company_Limited=Fauji Fertilizer Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iristel=Iristel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itron=Itron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open-Silicon=Open-Silicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbel_Fauvet_Rail=Arbel Fauvet Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Divide_Brewing_Company=Great Divide Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNC-Alfa=GNC-Alfa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomsons_Online_Benefits=Thomsons Online Benefits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidec=Nidec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_MAX=Astro MAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradt_Travel_Guides=Bradt Travel Guides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parakou_Shipping=Parakou Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauer_Group=Bauer Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Eastern_Group=Anglo-Eastern Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Big_Sound=Next Big Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fielmann=Fielmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_EuroShop=Deutsche EuroShop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAGFAH=GAGFAH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustin_AB=Dustin AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baystate_Medical_Center=Baystate Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCE_Japan_Studio=SCE Japan Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbie_Shanghai=Barbie Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anwell_Technologies=Anwell Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunniPath=SunniPath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraftwerke_Oberhasli=Kraftwerke Oberhasli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Metallurgical_Group_Corporation=China Metallurgical Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Leather=Land of Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonald's_Israel=McDonald's Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verari_Technologies=Verari Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Logistic_Control=Total Logistic Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dencio's=Dencio's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_Clean_Energy=Greenwood Clean Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_Studios=Gemini Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlentyofFish=PlentyofFish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Siegel_Architects=Robert Siegel Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookdale_Senior_Living=Brookdale Senior Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asobo_Studio=Asobo Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advance_Motor_Manufacturing_Company=Advance Motor Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandlot_Games=Sandlot Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Market_(company)=The Market (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxim=Luxim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhein-Sieg-Eisenbahn=Rhein-Sieg-Eisenbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namiki_Precision_Jewel_Co=Namiki Precision Jewel Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SM_Store=The SM Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajaj_Allianz_General_Insurance=Bajaj Allianz General Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NaviSite=NaviSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajaj_Allianz_Life_Insurance=Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TATA_AIG=TATA AIG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_General_Insurance=Reliance General Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricite_du_Laos=Electricite du Laos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholamandalam_MS_General_Insurance=Cholamandalam MS General Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celio_Technology_Corporation=Celio Technology Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connectbeam=Connectbeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyds_Banking_Group=Lloyds Banking Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifesize=Lifesize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlabob=Sunlabob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_Cracker_Company=Westminster Cracker Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Global_Services=BT Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landi_Renzo=Landi Renzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Ayudhya=Bank of Ayudhya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestline_Hotels_&_Resorts=Crestline Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sinai_Health_System=Mount Sinai Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArcSight=ArcSight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cine_Animadores=Cine Animadores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milkor_(Pty)_Ltd=Milkor (Pty) Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squiz=Squiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora_(restaurant)=Cora (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Realty=Digital Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema16=Cinema16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_City_Youth_Council=Aberdeen City Youth Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peer_1=Peer 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyer_Enterprises=Flyer Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gmeinder=Gmeinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orsi_Instrument_Company=Orsi Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designer_Depot=Designer Depot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapna_Locomotive_Engineering_and_Manufacturing_Company=Mapna Locomotive Engineering and Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demiurge_Studios=Demiurge Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.m.p._(Japan)=H.m.p. (Japan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylotonn=Kylotonn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivarossi=Rivarossi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAK_Petroleum=RAK Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw,_Savill_&_Albion_Line=Shaw, Savill & Albion Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaine_Clarence_Dillon=Domaine Clarence Dillon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniWorld_Group=UniWorld Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACE_Team=ACE Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Arts_and_Entertainment_Group=China Arts and Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimbabwe_United_Passenger_Company=Zimbabwe United Passenger Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Umiaq_Line=Arctic Umiaq Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinet_Investments=Reinet Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_Entertainment=Muse Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EOffice=EOffice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capvis=Capvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Goldway_Industrial=Shenzhen Goldway Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhruva_Interactive=Dhruva Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingway_Brewery=Kingway Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collective_Brands=Collective Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellator_MMA=Bellator MMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INOX_Leisure_Limited=INOX Leisure Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IResQ=IResQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterson_(company)=Peterson (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Paper=Nordic Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruckmann,_Rosser,_Sherrill_&_Co.=Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&D_Company=A&D Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CardRunners=CardRunners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanne's_Bed_and_Back=Joanne's Bed and Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_River_Ventures=Charles River Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toronto_Coalition_for_Active_Transportation=Toronto Coalition for Active Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navilyst_Medical=Navilyst Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfleiderer=Pfleiderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMG_Mori_Seiki_AG=DMG Mori Seiki AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanma_Oil_and_Gas_Enterprise=Myanma Oil and Gas Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Antibiotics=Hindustan Antibiotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Box_Technologies=D-Box Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Media=Abu Dhabi Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT_Internet=AT Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megger_Group_Limited=Megger Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Street_Holding=Financial Street Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW_Car_Company=FAW Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utility_Stores_Corporation=Utility Stores Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onell_Design=Onell Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyfrowy_Polsat=Cyfrowy Polsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAMA_&_Company=MAMA & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krones=Krones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HHLA=HHLA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snohomish_County_Public_Utility_District=Snohomish County Public Utility District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Equity_Partners=One Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Research_on_Multinational_Corporations=Centre for Research on Multinational Corporations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Environment_Centre=Total Environment Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Network_of_Environmental_Defenders_Offices=Australian Network of Environmental Defenders Offices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changjiang_Securities=Changjiang Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_States_Toyota_Distributors=Gulf States Toyota Distributors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarWinds=SolarWinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castellani_(wine)=Castellani (wine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guyana_Sugar_Corporation=Guyana Sugar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialogic_Inc.=Dialogic Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisco_Invest_Cluj=Nisco Invest Cluj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Betting_and_Gaming=Sky Betting and Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glow_Energy=Glow Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starter_Clothing_Line=Starter Clothing Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Zinc_Limited=Hindustan Zinc Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Renuka_Sugars=Shree Renuka Sugars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daman,_National_Health_Insurance_Company=Daman, National Health Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BanRegio=BanRegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weifa=Weifa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civil_and_Electrical_Projects_Contracting_Company=Civil and Electrical Projects Contracting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingye_Copper=Xingye Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Frameworks=Wolf Frameworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongyuan_Securities=Hongyuan Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambrakis_Press_Group=Lambrakis Press Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinatex=Vinatex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verville_Aircraft_Company=Verville Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlenobody=Littlenobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrammaTech=GrammaTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wertheim_(company)=Wertheim (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Harlan=Castle Harlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerresheimer=Gerresheimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covert_Operations_Ltd=Covert Operations Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BOC_International=BOC International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Grain_Studios=Sand Grain Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Wand_Productions=Magic Wand Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrant_(motorcycles)=Quadrant (motorcycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Labs=Fun Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_Health=Legacy Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neko_Entertainment=Neko Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargolink=Cargolink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Automobile_Company=Jackson Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkin's_Bazaar=Hawkin's Bazaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentwood_Associates=Brentwood Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redpoint_Ventures=Redpoint Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Finish_Games=Big Finish Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stohr_Cars=Stohr Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FireEye,_Inc.=FireEye, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jilin_Aodong_Medicine=Jilin Aodong Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Omega=Blue Omega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMM_Tai_Hub=GMM Tai Hub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Bar_Games=Monkey Bar Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_Tech=Trans Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PosteMobile=PosteMobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChangeGroup=ChangeGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_World_Beverages=Little World Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiwebcast=Multiwebcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightyear_Capital=Lightyear Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeria_Games=Aeria Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinghai_Salt_Lake_Potash=Qinghai Salt Lake Potash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_Teda_Company=Tianjin Teda Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modelzone=Modelzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barratts_Shoes=Barratts Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Zhongjin_Lingnan_Nonfemet_Company=Shenzhen Zhongjin Lingnan Nonfemet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viega=Viega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Lassale=Jean Lassale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home2_Suites_by_Hilton=Home2 Suites by Hilton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAG_Tegernsee_Immobilien_und_Beteiligung=TAG Tegernsee Immobilien und Beteiligung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an_Aircraft_International_Corporation=Xi'an Aircraft International Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Solar=Applied Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Guoan=CITIC Guoan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinopharm=Sinopharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radwin=Radwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JourneyEd=JourneyEd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_&_Company=Sullivan & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Smoothie=Planet Smoothie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MatlinPatterson_Global_Advisers=MatlinPatterson Global Advisers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Printed_Circuit_Corporation=Printed Circuit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradco_Supply=Bradco Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MusicWriter=MusicWriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenzweig_&_Company=Rosenzweig & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportech=Sportech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datapipe=Datapipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetCracker_Technology_Corp.=NetCracker Technology Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Insurance_Corporation_of_India=General Insurance Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwoods=Greenwoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Preservation=National Preservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livescribe=Livescribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techtron=Techtron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XPEC_Entertainment=XPEC Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Games=Beyond Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_Airlines_Corp.=Pinnacle Airlines Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans_States_Holdings=Trans States Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raimon_Land=Raimon Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Technologies=Spectrum Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wix.com=Wix.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peanut_Corporation_of_America=Peanut Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nfinity_Athletic_Corporation=Nfinity Athletic Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mado_(food_company)=Mado (food company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Saloon=Cartoon Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peribit_Networks=Peribit Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapstone=Kapstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galliford_Try=Galliford Try
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Data_Systems=Hitachi Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IAS_Limited=IAS Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotion_Production=Emotion Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Arnou=St Arnou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_News_Agency=Ukrainian News Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Travel_Stops_&_Country_Stores=Love's Travel Stops & Country Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_Oregon_(company)=Made in Oregon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CareMore=CareMore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rideau_(company)=Rideau (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-1_Global=M-1 Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamazaki_Baking=Yamazaki Baking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Media_Inc.=Mass Media Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maldives_Ports_Limited=Maldives Ports Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O3SIS=O3SIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter_Fund_Management=Jupiter Fund Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cazzo_Film=Cazzo Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Kingdom_Community_Action=Northeast Kingdom Community Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phorm=Phorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Vermont_Community_Action_Council=Central Vermont Community Action Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewlett-Packard=Hewlett-Packard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VFS_Global=VFS Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricidad_de_Caracas=Electricidad de Caracas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housing_Vermont=Housing Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ming_An_Holdings=Ming An Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Motor_Cycle_Club=Vintage Motor Cycle Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICT_Group=ICT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Renewable_Energy=Pacific Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Energy_Investment_Corporation=Vermont Energy Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogart_Crafts_Corporation=Vogart Crafts Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolworths.co.uk=Woolworths.co.uk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exakt_Entertainment=Exakt Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavefront_Technology_Solutions=Wavefront Technology Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston_Presidio=Weston Presidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFS_Galleria=DFS Galleria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XMOS=XMOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromma_Air_Maintenance=Bromma Air Maintenance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Investment=Henderson Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comparethemarket.com=Comparethemarket.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Hudson_&_Co=J Hudson & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knewton=Knewton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterMedia_Partners=InterMedia Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Group=Essar Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash4Gold=Cash4Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Youth_and_Family_Services=Spectrum Youth and Family Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panacea_Biotec=Panacea Biotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LogicTools=LogicTools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairchild_Challenge=The Fairchild Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_R&D_Americas=Honda R&D Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACube_Systems_Srl=ACube Systems Srl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piqqem=Piqqem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendy's=Wendy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straits_Times_Online_Mobile_Print=Straits Times Online Mobile Print
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mio_GPS=Mio GPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigibore=Rigibore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopherson_Business_Travel=Christopherson Business Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opal_Property_Group=Opal Property Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Centre_Wales=Trade Centre Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtight_Games=Airtight Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OldTown_White_Coffee=OldTown White Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amuse,_Inc.=Amuse, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khon_Kaen_Sugar=Khon Kaen Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danieli_Automation=Danieli Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KSK_Energy_Ventures=KSK Energy Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Mutual=The Children's Mutual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoombak=Zoombak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSS_Hire=HSS Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acumatica=Acumatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posta_Shqiptare=Posta Shqiptare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OK_Diner=OK Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teklogix=Teklogix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairway_Market=Fairway Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MK_One=MK One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komsomolsk-on-Amur_Aircraft_Production_Association=Komsomolsk-on-Amur Aircraft Production Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan_Helicopters=Kazan Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Trade_Terminal=River Trade Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dowty_Group=Dowty Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timetoget=Timetoget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Cotten=Guy Cotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmverlag_der_Autoren=Filmverlag der Autoren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartered_Institute_of_Marketing=Chartered Institute of Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimatron=Cimatron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nar_Mobile=Nar Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Able_UK=Able UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videoville_Showtime=Videoville Showtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MWB_Group_Holdings=MWB Group Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Place_Capital=Irving Place Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vitamin_Shoppe=The Vitamin Shoppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Oak_Music_Group=Wild Oak Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakharov_Books=Zakharov Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildfire_Games=Wildfire Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virbac=Virbac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic.net=Sonic.net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campina_(company)=Campina (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Brands=Clark Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingbao_Gold=Lingbao Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptean=Aptean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histria_Shipmanagement=Histria Shipmanagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richrelevance=Richrelevance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunflower_Corporation=Sunflower Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_Pharmaceuticals=Arena Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidl=Lidl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.M.S._Press=C.M.S. Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Givro=Givro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_(motorcycle_part_manufacturer)=Arrow (motorcycle part manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/85C_Bakery_Cafe=85C Bakery Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optoacoustics=Optoacoustics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Routing_International=Air Routing International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark_Expeditions=Quark Expeditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_Refineries=Oil Refineries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamlico_Capital=Pamlico Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merida_Bikes=Merida Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agencynet=Agencynet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayones_Guitars_&_Basses=Mayones Guitars & Basses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharks_Sports_and_Entertainment=Sharks Sports and Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Barbeque=Kansas City Barbeque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_Networks=Spark Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit_Managers=Bit Managers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarry_(company)=Quarry (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yachting_Pages=Yachting Pages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demand_Media=Demand Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggly_Wiggly_Carolina_Co.=Piggly Wiggly Carolina Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casemate_Publishers=Casemate Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsley_&_Hull=Tinsley & Hull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameforge=Gameforge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSE_Corporation=VSE Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Department_Store_China_Limited=New World Department Store China Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Steel=Qatar Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edo_Aircraft_Corporation=Edo Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binda_Group=Binda Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Wind_(company)=Second Wind (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellchester=Wellchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AudioCodes=AudioCodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBrail=CBrail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bixi_(company)=Bixi (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralcorp=Ralcorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMGi_Group=KMGi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Careers=Dream Careers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poggenpohl=Poggenpohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOASTA=SOASTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangalore_Refinery_and_Petrochemicals_Limited=Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huawei_Symantec=Huawei Symantec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuvoton=Nuvoton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_East_Organization=Far East Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOA_Technologies=TOA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Contact_Solutions=Advanced Contact Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azienda_Trasporti_Milanesi=Azienda Trasporti Milanesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NoDak_Films=NoDak Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongling_Nonferrous_Metals=Tongling Nonferrous Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daewoo_Mangalia_Heavy_Industries=Daewoo Mangalia Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevolo_Gas_and_Electric_Lights=Bevolo Gas and Electric Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plush_Home=Plush Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mang_Inasal=Mang Inasal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Seaways=Hellenic Seaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delia's=Delia's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunnan_Tin=Yunnan Tin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Entertainment=Robot Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets_at_Home=Pets at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unicorn_Grocery=Unicorn Grocery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_Greenwich_Group=Fairfield Greenwich Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huta_Stalowa_Wola=Huta Stalowa Wola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeRoyal=DeRoyal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NIIT=NIIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shavlik_Technologies=Shavlik Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liaoning_Television=Liaoning Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ST-Ericsson=ST-Ericsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMPG=EMPG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenious_Media=Ingenious Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebsEdge=WebsEdge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinten=Vinten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrightHouse_(retailer)=BrightHouse (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldcolor=Worldcolor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Connections=Waste Connections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Insurance_Company=Zenith Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S1_No._1_Style=S1 No. 1 Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield_Materials_Management_Ltd=Fairfield Materials Management Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repaircare=Repaircare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Holdings=Midland Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Property_Services_(Agency)=Hong Kong Property Services (Agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elswick_Ordnance_Company=Elswick Ordnance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seznam.cz=Seznam.cz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricacorp_Properties=Ricacorp Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgarian_Dreams=Bulgarian Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artega_Automobile=Artega Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Match_Racing_Tour=World Match Racing Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Entertainment=Head Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lag_(company)=Lag (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_(conglomerate)=Lotte (conglomerate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuanghui=Shuanghui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saras_S.p.A.=Saras S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaroid_Eyewear=Polaroid Eyewear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchants_Insurance_Group=Merchants Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIZZIT=WIZZIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internap=Internap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Featherlite_Trailers=Featherlite Trailers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamli=Yamli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parasoft=Parasoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Motors_Company=Continental Motors Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saban_Capital_Group=Saban Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Resources_Vanguard_Shop=China Resources Vanguard Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambassadors_Group=Ambassadors Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Pants_Co.=General Pants Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Express_Limited=Indian Express Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamensk-Uralsky_Metallurgical_Works=Kamensk-Uralsky Metallurgical Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Channel_Company=The Channel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike's_Place=Mike's Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offshore_Marine_Management=Offshore Marine Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Group=Beaver Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Ranches,_Ltd.=Alberta Ranches, Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Clark_Architecture=Dick Clark Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RealD=RealD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Social_Security_Fund_(Uganda)=National Social Security Fund (Uganda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynote_DeviceAnywhere=Keynote DeviceAnywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SDG_Group=SDG Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telco_Systems=Telco Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artizans,_Labourers_&_General_Dwellings_Company=Artizans, Labourers & General Dwellings Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surf_Diva=Surf Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitbag=Kitbag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbolabs=Carbolabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfang_Electric=Dongfang Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOW_Sight_&_Sound=WOW Sight & Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Farooj_Fresh=Al Farooj Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_Digital=Spice Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debiopharm=Debiopharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinda_International=Vinda International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizzani_de_Eccher=Rizzani de Eccher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluepoint_Games=Bluepoint Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Face=Fat Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audience_(company)=Audience (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Music_(record_label)=Wind Music (record label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodd_&_Baldwin=Dodd & Baldwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A10_Networks=A10 Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Yard=Engine Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tingyi_(Cayman_Islands)_Holding_Corporation=Tingyi (Cayman Islands) Holding Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni-President_China=Uni-President China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Reisen=Phoenix Reisen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Want_Want_China=Want Want China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouses=Rouses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequenom=Sequenom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firetide=Firetide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Blacam_&_Meagher=De Blacam & Meagher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thompson_Productions=John Thompson Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNA_Home_Video=TNA Home Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Community_Bank=United Community Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zynga_Dallas=Zynga Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Arabia=Trade Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genomatix=Genomatix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Store=Microsoft Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InContact=InContact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creighton_Manning_Engineering=Creighton Manning Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Breweries=North American Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PECO_Energy_Company=PECO Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_(company)=King (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penco_Guitars=Penco Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLADE_Network_Technologies=BLADE Network Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigiCert=DigiCert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neo-Neon_Holdings=Neo-Neon Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Research_Institute_DCS=Mitsubishi Research Institute DCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZGF_Architects_LLP=ZGF Architects LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easynet_Connect=Easynet Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkbiznow=Talkbiznow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powershop=Powershop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandong_Molong_Petroleum_Machinery=Shandong Molong Petroleum Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonking=Lonking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hecla_Mining=Hecla Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airborne_Athletics=Airborne Athletics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Insurance_Company=Reliance Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Bio-Chem=Global Bio-Chem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indieszero=Indieszero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomura_Research_Institute=Nomura Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_England_Inward_Investment_Agency=North England Inward Investment Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Sweeteners=Global Sweeteners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachan_Food_(Asia)=Dachan Food (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauza_Tequila=Sauza Tequila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Round_Capital=First Round Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-State_Transportation_Campaign=Tri-State Transportation Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habib_Group=Habib Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takken's_Shoes=Takken's Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Enterprises=Villa Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daume=Daume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurices=Maurices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCS_Films=SCS Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royale_Furniture_Holdings=Royale Furniture Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freesat+=Freesat+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In.com=In.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dah_Chong_Hong=Dah Chong Hong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_&_Ireland_SAP_Users_Group=UK & Ireland SAP Users Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCH_International=PCH International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euromonitor_International=Euromonitor International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ManhattanGMAT=ManhattanGMAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_&_Banks=Christopher & Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gump's=Gump's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_Telescopes=Obsession Telescopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Holdings=Fantastic Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Furniture=Fantastic Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UOB-Kay_Hian=UOB-Kay Hian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokkaido_Cultural_Broadcasting=Hokkaido Cultural Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UOB-Kay_Hian_(Hong_Kong)=UOB-Kay Hian (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPL_Information_Processing_Limited=IPL Information Processing Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_Es_Salaam_Investment_Bank=Dar Es Salaam Investment Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AccessKenya_Group=AccessKenya Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ByBox=ByBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Water_Affairs_Group=China Water Affairs Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GuestLogix=GuestLogix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SONIDEP=SONIDEP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAQH=CAQH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GGV_Capital=GGV Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle_Cancer_Care_Alliance=Seattle Cancer Care Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_Bank=Babylon Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler_Perry_Studios=Tyler Perry Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadnet_Holdings_BV=Broadnet Holdings BV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwate_Menkoi_Television=Iwate Menkoi Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Group=Freedom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaverse_Shakespeare_Company=Metaverse Shakespeare Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convenience_Retail_Asia=Convenience Retail Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Honore_Cake_Shop=Saint Honore Cake Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSG_Holding=CSG Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivar_(brand)=Ivar (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gojo_Industries=Gojo Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian_Port_(PDA)_Company=Dalian Port (PDA) Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy_Recordings=Roxy Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Capital_Grille=The Capital Grille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Press_Organization=African Press Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuanghuan_Auto=Shuanghuan Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PediaPress=PediaPress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_House_Stockholm=Design House Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_Racing_Development_Limited=Formula Racing Development Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceriani=Ceriani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogma_(studio)=Dogma (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBW_(rail_company)=EBW (rail company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrotherm_Photovoltaics=Centrotherm Photovoltaics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Vision=Shin Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roth_&_Rau=Roth & Rau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapeze_Networks=Trapeze Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMA_Solar_Technology=SMA Solar Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogent_Systems=Cogent Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traction_Software=Traction Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Book_Company_(1996)=American Book Company (1996)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Family=Elephant Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNG_Processing_A/S=CNG Processing A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrillist_Media_Group=Thrillist Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cafe_FX=Cafe FX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMAX_Information_Technologies=AMAX Information Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charriol=Charriol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodworks=Foodworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preciosa_(corporation)=Preciosa (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawwal=Jawwal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobile_Association_of_South_Africa=Automobile Association of South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benenden_Health=Benenden Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Yonder_Aviation=Blue Yonder Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boinx_Software=Boinx Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Energy=GE Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INRIX=INRIX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spangler_Candy_Company=Spangler Candy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cake_Network=Cake Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMIN_Worldwide=AMIN Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitebrand=Sitebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GroupLogic=GroupLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Amanah_Islamic_Investment_Bank_of_the_Philippines=Al-Amanah Islamic Investment Bank of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gehl_Company=Gehl Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_DATA=NTT DATA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalFoundries=GlobalFoundries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agastya_International_Foundation=Agastya International Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosaic_Fashions=Mosaic Fashions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Comware=NTT Comware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unibet=Unibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Millennium=Bank Millennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Wines=Naked Wines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MACOSA=MACOSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumerio=Cumerio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_National_Carbide=American National Carbide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FanSnap=FanSnap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurubis=Aurubis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WisdomTools_Enterprises=WisdomTools Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Praise=Digital Praise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_H_Group=V H Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Frank_Ltd=Charles Frank Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalypso_Media=Kalypso Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matson_Films=Matson Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orocobre=Orocobre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewery_Vestfyen=Brewery Vestfyen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryggeriet_Vestfyen_A/S=Bryggeriet Vestfyen A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environics_Communications=Environics Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toonlet=Toonlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_&_Company_Ltd.=Forbes & Company Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stingray_Digital=Stingray Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._V._Creations=V. V. Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabre_Defence=Sabre Defence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niigata_Sogo_Television=Niigata Sogo Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epoch_Systems=Epoch Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koreatomy=Koreatomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Series=T-Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMS_Computers=CMS Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communicus=Communicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revere_Copper_Company=Revere Copper Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Land_Company=National Land Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagoshima_Yomiuri_Television=Kagoshima Yomiuri Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polska_Grupa_Energetyczna=Polska Grupa Energetyczna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaksy_Group=The Shaksy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record-Rama=Record-Rama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sniperhill=Sniperhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Communications=Hall Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisei=Odisei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_(retailer)=Principles (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duravit=Duravit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Services=DB Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Radiant_Products=Detroit Radiant Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layer_Five=Layer Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Advantage_Ltd=Pacific Advantage Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_Magic_Inc.=Micro Magic Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myford=Myford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Broadband_Communications=Pacific Broadband Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetScreen_Technologies=NetScreen Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagoor_Networks=Kagoor Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_CNS=LG CNS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redline_Networks=Redline Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funk_Software=Funk Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tayo_Rolls=Tayo Rolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malwarebytes=Malwarebytes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_Hypermarket=Lulu Hypermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AllSaints=AllSaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish_TV=Dish TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AWAL=AWAL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanger,_Inc.=Hanger, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensonor=Sensonor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Sensations_(film_studio)=New Sensations (film studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARM_Holdings=ARM Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pen-Link=Pen-Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E2open=E2open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Pacific=First Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algenol=Algenol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertica=Vertica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warid_Congo=Warid Congo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardman_Bikes=Boardman Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denizen_Hotels=Denizen Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adex_Mining=Adex Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyWave_Mobile_Communications=SkyWave Mobile Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDFC_Project_Equity=IDFC Project Equity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biomass_Thermal_Energy_Council=Biomass Thermal Energy Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LumenVox=LumenVox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camfil=Camfil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heung_Kong_Group=Heung Kong Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bally_Manufacturing=Bally Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeritus_Senior_Living=Emeritus Senior Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Film=Devil's Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CERTPOINT_Systems=CERTPOINT Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Industries=Troy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_English=Disney English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscot=Moscot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newey_and_Eyre=Newey and Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbinger_Capital=Harbinger Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Life=Empire Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Coughlin_Jay_Fund_Foundation=Tom Coughlin Jay Fund Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Speedy=Sir Speedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_D23=Disney D23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Career_Fairs=National Career Fairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Insurance_Plan_of_New_Jersey=Health Insurance Plan of New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanzter=Fanzter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Rail_Shuttle_B.V.=European Rail Shuttle B.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarmer_Energy,_Inc.=Solarmer Energy, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Clips=Great Clips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAIL4CHEM=RAIL4CHEM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation's_Giant_Hamburgers=Nation's Giant Hamburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zynga=Zynga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Circus_(company)=Park Circus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawahares=Dawahares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideas_Campaign=Ideas Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Ordnance=Royal Ordnance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohr_Partners=Mohr Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_of_Life_Bone_Marrow_Foundation=Gift of Life Bone Marrow Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Space_Technologies=Active Space Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clap_Hanz=Clap Hanz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newmark_Grubb_Knight_Frank=Newmark Grubb Knight Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Yurman=David Yurman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bee_Media=Red Bee Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomis=Bomis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecnotree=Tecnotree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Software=Critical Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manz=Manz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lincolnshire_Railway=East Lincolnshire Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediGene=MediGene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_Musical_Instruments_Collector's_Association=Automatic Musical Instruments Collector's Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umeme=Umeme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanne-Herner_Eisenbahn_und_Hafen=Wanne-Herner Eisenbahn und Hafen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiBeam=SiBeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed's,_Inc.=Reed's, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Com.x=Com.x
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Pharma=General Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severa=Severa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petcetera=Petcetera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lingo24=Lingo24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telos_(company)=Telos (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ModCloth=ModCloth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REC_Solar=REC Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_Brothers_Aircraft=Moss Brothers Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMS_(Advanced_Music_Systems)=AMS (Advanced Music Systems)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universia=Universia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooderham_and_Worts=Gooderham and Worts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChinaCache=ChinaCache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIDOR=SIDOR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Studios=Artificial Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoothe=Smoothe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richlyn_Systems=Richlyn Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongkong_Chinese_Bank=Hongkong Chinese Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medisafe_International=Medisafe International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instinet=Instinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@WalmartLabs=@WalmartLabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WellPoint_Systems=WellPoint Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everus_Communications=Everus Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfeiffer_Vacuum=Pfeiffer Vacuum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NXIVM=NXIVM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracker_Marine_Group=Tracker Marine Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechForward=TechForward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederation_Life=Confederation Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheugenpflug=Scheugenpflug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DelSolar=DelSolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_Consulting=Bloom Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EducationCity=EducationCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParAccel=ParAccel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFileCabinet=EFileCabinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quench_(company)=Quench (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COMSA=COMSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COMSA_Rail_Transport=COMSA Rail Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetroLyrics=MetroLyrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_City_Holdings=Christchurch City Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siegel_+_Gale=Siegel + Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banglalion=Banglalion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casumina=Casumina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_Signaling_Technology=Cell Signaling Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promotus_Advertising=Promotus Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovereign_Group=Sovereign Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valpadana=Valpadana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_Generation_Bureau=Knowledge Generation Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minecode=Minecode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient_Overseas_(International)_Limited=Orient Overseas (International) Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wockhardt=Wockhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Fusion=General Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brew_Keeper=Brew Keeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hants_and_Sussex_Aviation=Hants and Sussex Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werthein_Group=Werthein Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Associated_Motor_Insurers_Limited=Australian Associated Motor Insurers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OHE=OHE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Telecommunication_Corporation_(Pakistan)=National Telecommunication Corporation (Pakistan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingo_Armenia=Ingo Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAQA=TAQA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjiva=Panjiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oando=Oando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_Lord_Games=Troll Lord Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Cycle_Co_Ltd=Ruby Cycle Co Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toho_Zinc=Toho Zinc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savas_Beatie=Savas Beatie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangote_Group=Dangote Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Industries=Champion Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEF=KEF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recology=Recology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeitenspiegel=Zeitenspiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruger_Inc.=Kruger Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codeworks=Codeworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinney_Shoes=Kinney Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_&_M=B & M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEBN=AEBN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansen_Medical=Hansen Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theta_Networks=Theta Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Choice_Parking=Better Choice Parking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnLive=OnLive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SARIA=SARIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IContact=IContact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviva_Group_Ireland=Aviva Group Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MorphoSys=MorphoSys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Table_Advertising=Round Table Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singulus_Technologies=Singulus Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armored_Trunk_Manufacturing_Company=Armored Trunk Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_IP_Software=Radio IP Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Internet=United Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Progress_Corporation=Southern Progress Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartrac=Smartrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovereign_Limited=Sovereign Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Volunteer_Campus_Community=Student Volunteer Campus Community
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sino_Satellite_Communications_Company=Sino Satellite Communications Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiliconBlue_Technologies=SiliconBlue Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biocompatibles=Biocompatibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerophile=Aerophile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bothwell_Cheese=Bothwell Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Angels_(investors)=Band of Angels (investors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottlenotes=Bottlenotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenercell=Fenercell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMImobile=IMImobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perion_Network=Perion Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_Bank=The Village Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Systems=Meridian Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midmark=Midmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citibank_Philippines=Citibank Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netblender=Netblender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Promotion_Services=Industrial Promotion Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibrecity_Holdings=Fibrecity Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teseq=Teseq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donner_Metals=Donner Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sector_9=Sector 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngmoco=Ngmoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humane_Society_of_Indianapolis=Humane Society of Indianapolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comper_Aircraft_Company=Comper Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittenstein=Wittenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_United_Corporation=Acme United Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldwind=Goldwind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspersky_Lab=Kaspersky Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugino=Sugino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCoz=UCoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parks'_Fly_Shop=Parks' Fly Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasanth_&_Co=Vasanth & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewer_Investment_Group=Brewer Investment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Tikes=Little Tikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbury_Comics=Newbury Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashang_Group=Dashang Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedMere=RedMere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henri_Lloyd=Henri Lloyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MindCite=MindCite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ElringKlinger=ElringKlinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rational_AG=Rational AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuki_Inc.=Kuki Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybrid_Television_Services=Hybrid Television Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auriga_(company)=Auriga (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Newspaper_Project=Illinois Newspaper Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beter_Bed=Beter Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportsheets_International,_Inc.=Sportsheets International, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint_Group=Flint Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MySupermarket=MySupermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debauve_&_Gallais=Debauve & Gallais
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli's_Cheesecake=Eli's Cheesecake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmithStreetSolutions=SmithStreetSolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conister=Conister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadwalader's_Ice_Cream=Cadwalader's Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weatherchem=Weatherchem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapsch=Kapsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apex_Hotels=Apex Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saravana_Stores=Saravana Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimshaw_Architects=Grimshaw Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonpig=Moonpig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Nuts_Donuts=Go Nuts Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B2W_Software=B2W Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Mobile=Eagle Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronar=Pronar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_Pictures=Believe Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_UK=Age UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_Yun_Performing_Arts=Shen Yun Performing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Graphics_International=Silicon Graphics International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limtex=Limtex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_Earth_Resources=Alternative Earth Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilton_Aircraft=Chilton Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyle_Sports=Lifestyle Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IStorez=IStorez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfire_Games=Wolfire Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SATEL=SATEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelgate=Chelgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crittall_Windows=Crittall Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Kernel_Labs=Open Kernel Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Instrument=Brooks Instrument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansul=Ansul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koei_Tecmo=Koei Tecmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlipGive=FlipGive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegames=Telegames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIVECO_Romania=SIVECO Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Bicycles=Canyon Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Print_Services_&_Distribution_Association=Print Services & Distribution Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Bros._Coffee=Dutch Bros. Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selena_Etc.=Selena Etc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plinacro=Plinacro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukoil_Serbia=Lukoil Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyldon=Cyldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunquest_Information_Systems=Sunquest Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektroprivreda_Crne_Gore=Elektroprivreda Crne Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milano_Assicurazioni=Milano Assicurazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alten=Alten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermwood_Corporation=Thermwood Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grenouille_(restaurant)=La Grenouille (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Acre_Fund=One Acre Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno_Banani=Bruno Banani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KM_Group=KM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Community_Center=Midland Community Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeVry_Education_Group=DeVry Education Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nude_Maker=Nude Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Products=Sun Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_A._Brown_(department_store)=John A. Brown (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slightly_Mad_Studios=Slightly Mad Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warehouse_Shoe_Sale=Warehouse Shoe Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apex_Global_Internet_Services=Apex Global Internet Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gul_(watersports)=Gul (watersports)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddard_School=Goddard School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Ventures=Google Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyret-Mauboussin=Peyret-Mauboussin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avions_Mauboussin=Avions Mauboussin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProBuild=ProBuild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Midland_Community_Centers=Greater Midland Community Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapulous=Tapulous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Pixel_Games=Twisted Pixel Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Re=Odyssey Re
http://dbpedia.org/resource/View,_Inc.=View, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansaldo_STS=Ansaldo STS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophis=Sophis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toth_Brand_Imaging=Toth Brand Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip's_Tavern=Rip's Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ApplianSys=ApplianSys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BarNone=BarNone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Creek_Saloon_and_Steakhouse=Bear Creek Saloon and Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-dec=A-dec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_Sports_&_Entertainment_Enterprises=San Jose Sports & Entertainment Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advent_Film_Group=Advent Film Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Tire_and_Battery=National Tire and Battery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_Collection=The Hotel Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco_Mexican_Restaurant_and_Cantina=Acapulco Mexican Restaurant and Cantina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aichi_small-elevator_manufacturing_corporation=Aichi small-elevator manufacturing corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoForm=AutoForm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haden_Drysys=Haden Drysys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Owned_Television_Stations=ABC Owned Television Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vimicro=Vimicro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Cablevision=Troy Cablevision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desnoes_&_Geddes=Desnoes & Geddes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LENA_Foundation=LENA Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontline_Test_Equipment=Frontline Test Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equastone=Equastone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downing_Developments=Downing Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mido_(watch)=Mido (watch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valcon_Games=Valcon Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transavia_Corporation=Transavia Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Blogger=Project Blogger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourlay_Brothers=Gourlay Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horween_Leather_Company=Horween Leather Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firehole_Composites=Firehole Composites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perlini=Perlini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vevo=Vevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leopold_Bros.=Leopold Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_University=Success University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolt_Creative=Bolt Creative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunderland_Arc=Sunderland Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allaire_Iron_Works=Allaire Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willi_Betz=Willi Betz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eidos_Montreal=Eidos Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institutional_Venture_Partners=Institutional Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berliner_Motor_Corporation=Berliner Motor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Gas_Works=Philadelphia Gas Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhvani_Group=Madhvani Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Community_Self-Help=Center for Community Self-Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyber-Duck=Cyber-Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosdeux=Mosdeux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pharmaceutical_Services=West Pharmaceutical Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Vision=X-Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AEON-Amity=AEON-Amity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco_Polo_Hotels_Group=Marco Polo Hotels Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eidos_Hungary=Eidos Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Gobind_Singh_Children's_Foundation=Guru Gobind Singh Children's Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unisonic_Products_Corporation=Unisonic Products Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fronius_International_GmbH=Fronius International GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connect_Support_Services=Connect Support Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syniverse=Syniverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Social_Innovators=Young Social Innovators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_Experts=Sleep Experts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2XL_Games=2XL Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainstorm_Entertainment=Rainstorm Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Power_and_Lighting_Company=Kenya Power and Lighting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animation_Picture_Company=The Animation Picture Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaos_Worldwide=Kaos Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolerx=Tolerx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandering_WiFi=Wandering WiFi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottevest=Scottevest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebago_(company)=Sebago (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastway_Couriers=Fastway Couriers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle_Managed_Solutions=Carlisle Managed Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Brewery=Leeds Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preco=Preco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldcom_PR_Group=Worldcom PR Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheex=Sheex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NextEra_Energy_Resources=NextEra Energy Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Ashtavinayak_Cine_Vision_Ltd=Shree Ashtavinayak Cine Vision Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria's_Secret=Victoria's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NouvEON=NouvEON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_Harbour_Ring=Hutchison Harbour Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiposting=Multiposting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Gate_USA=Dragon Gate USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Transportation_Inc.=Student Transportation Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park'N_Fly=Park'N Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aruba_Networks=Aruba Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Tune_Entertainment=J. Tune Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YouView=YouView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recipharm=Recipharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Air_Cargo_Terminals_Limited=Hong Kong Air Cargo Terminals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookpeople_(distributor)=Bookpeople (distributor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Result_Group=Result Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodity_Exchange_Bratislava=Commodity Exchange Bratislava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayako=Kayako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USPS_Post_Office_Box_Lobby_Recycling_program=USPS Post Office Box Lobby Recycling program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGS_Energy=IGS Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazzers=Brazzers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu_Technology_Solutions=Fujitsu Technology Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengan_International=Hengan International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MB&F=MB&F
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_Freight_Forwarding_Centre=Airport Freight Forwarding Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilltime=Chilltime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_Films=Capitol Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballast_Nedam=Ballast Nedam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citistore=Citistore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TogliattiAzot=TogliattiAzot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HubSpot=HubSpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramar_Hotel_and_Investment=Miramar Hotel and Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweedales_&_Smalley=Tweedales & Smalley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEA_Technologies=CEA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasfield_&_Gorrie=Brasfield & Gorrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nnooo=Nnooo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehta_Group=Mehta Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netbox_Blue=Netbox Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinnacle_Sports=Pinnacle Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAM_Holding=GAM Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Fook_Holdings=King Fook Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleantech_Group=Cleantech Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaijinworks=Gaijinworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swales_Aerospace=Swales Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Line_Australia=Gray Line Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNeVision=SUNeVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CK_Life_Sciences=CK Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XMobots=XMobots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasser_&_Theurer=Plasser & Theurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Vision_(DTT)=One Vision (DTT)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Tomahawk_Company=American Tomahawk Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alertnet=Alertnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandai_Channel=Bandai Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaym=Qaym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoove=Smoove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RESOL=RESOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtroom_View_Network=Courtroom View Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awem=Awem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_Whampoa_Property=Hutchison Whampoa Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_Nation=Roc Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminant=Luminant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigilant_Technology=Vigilant Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Support.com=Support.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eckel_Industries=Eckel Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jord_International=Jord International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bticino=Bticino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_Properties_(Hong_Kong)=Wheelock Properties (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sord_Computer_Corporation=Sord Computer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R+L_Carriers=R+L Carriers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richman_Chemical=Richman Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock_Properties_(Singapore)=Wheelock Properties (Singapore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funai=Funai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Coal_Corporation=North American Coal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childs_Restaurants=Childs Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Boutique=Joyce Boutique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futurice=Futurice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berrics=The Berrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GodFilms=GodFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Telecom=Cross Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenkwalder=Trenkwalder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etna_Iron_Works=Etna Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Corporation=Milton Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaney,_Son_&_Archbold=Reaney, Son & Archbold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_River_Iron_Ship_Building_and_Engine_Works=Delaware River Iron Ship Building and Engine Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Roach_&_Sons=John Roach & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quidgest=Quidgest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Roadways=Solar Roadways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeoVector=GeoVector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mb-microtec=Mb-microtec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Sports=J Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobeScan=GlobeScan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharf_T&T=Wharf T&T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UltraStar_Cinemas=UltraStar Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Products_Incorporated=Hale Products Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playfish=Playfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huddle_(software)=Huddle (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cevital=Cevital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movenda=Movenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tovio=Tovio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assurant_Employee_Benefits=Assurant Employee Benefits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TenAsys=TenAsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESoft=ESoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Resonant_Inc.=NTT Resonant Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Square=A-Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yu_Kee_Food=Yu Kee Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_Inn_China=Days Inn China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replicon_(company)=Replicon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCX_Stock_Exchange=MCX Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vie_at_Home=Vie at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranormal_Site_Investigators=Paranormal Site Investigators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Junior_Golf_Association=Canadian Junior Golf Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavria-V=Tavria-V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxsensis=Oxsensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_Picture_Corporation_of_America=Motion Picture Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioFields_(company)=BioFields (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humane_Research_Council=Humane Research Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watunes=Watunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vecna_Technologies=Vecna Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visionx=Visionx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essel_Group=Essel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_BioMedica=Oxford BioMedica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Technologies=Atom Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan_Press_Agency=Azerbaijan Press Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Tobacco_Company=Pakistan Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThreeSixty=ThreeSixty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioCryst_Pharmaceuticals=BioCryst Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni-ID=Omni-ID
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMS_Pictures=AMS Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corgi_Motorcycle_Co_Ltd.=Corgi Motorcycle Co Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flybridge_Capital_Partners=Flybridge Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LucidWorks=LucidWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAZ_Group=GAZ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENVC_Shipyard=ENVC Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axa_Ireland=Axa Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cegelec=Cegelec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daticon_EED=Daticon EED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapeze_Software=Trapeze Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutoh_Europe_nv=Mutoh Europe nv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourism_Holdings_Limited=Tourism Holdings Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altman_Lighting_Co.=Altman Lighting Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Combat=Wilson Combat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDS_Group=KDS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrity_Records=Integrity Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutrisoda=Nutrisoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infobright=Infobright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CS_Link=CS Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavant_Technologies=Tavant Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakwater_Resources=Breakwater Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hydrogen_Association=National Hydrogen Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemertes_Research=Nemertes Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MagtiCom=MagtiCom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossini=Bossini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peepshow_collective=Peepshow collective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineapple_Dance_Studios=Pineapple Dance Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaus_Obermeyer=Klaus Obermeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Aircraft_Corporation=Columbia Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indofood=Indofood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micronet_co.,_Ltd.=Micronet co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerr_Drug=Kerr Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onkyo=Onkyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U-Right=U-Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eason_&_Son=Eason & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paton_(motorcycles)=Paton (motorcycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_Communications=Barrett Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandstand_(game_manufacturer)=Grandstand (game manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohus_(retailer)=Bohus (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossian_Studios=Ossian Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Sora=Project Sora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RJ_Rockers_Brewing_Company=RJ Rockers Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cytel=Cytel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneLink_Communications=OneLink Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Freedom_Caucus=Democratic Freedom Caucus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Rolling_Mill=Chester Rolling Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jardine_Engineering_Corporation=Jardine Engineering Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA-MMA=USA-MMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_on_My_Feet_(non-profit_organization)=Back on My Feet (non-profit organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trunk_Archive=Trunk Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover_Motorsports_Incorporated=Dover Motorsports Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meraki=Meraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_(supermarket)=Great (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourmet_(supermarket)=Gourmet (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Luen_Choon=Man Luen Choon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgan_of_St._Andrews=Forgan of St. Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watsons_Personal_Care_Stores=Watsons Personal Care Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acclarent=Acclarent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylink_(TV_platform)=Skylink (TV platform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amusement_Vision=Amusement Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega_Studios_San_Francisco=Sega Studios San Francisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vopium=Vopium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adler_and_Allan=Adler and Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visceral_Games=Visceral Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automata_UK=Automata UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Time_Systems=Colorado Time Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David's_Supermarkets=David's Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flanders_(automobile_company)=Flanders (automobile company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sematext=Sematext
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNI_Digital_Media=PNI Digital Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Counsel_Limited=Executive Counsel Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_Telecommunications_Hong_Kong_Holdings=Hutchison Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anworth_Mortgage_Asset_Corporation=Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidyo=Vidyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Structures=Summit Structures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UShip=UShip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pou_Chen_Corporation=Pou Chen Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyline_Solar=Skyline Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Mohawk_Gaming_Group=Morris Mohawk Gaming Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A4e=A4e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pou_Sheng_International=Pou Sheng International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebamed=Sebamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson's_Wine_Cellar=Watson's Wine Cellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elinchrom=Elinchrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guglielmo_coffee=Guglielmo coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giraffe_Restaurants=Giraffe Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgewater_Systems=Bridgewater Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Money_US=Virgin Money US
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accessible_Media=Accessible Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BFS_Group_Ltd=BFS Group Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Housing_and_Construction_Company=National Housing and Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Power_Corporation=Capital Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takarazuka_Eiga=Takarazuka Eiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adsmith=Adsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonda_Telecom=Zonda Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Stop=Daily Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Jenbacher=GE Jenbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTA_Bank=PTA Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadbury_Ireland=Cadbury Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPtronics=IPtronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_Denver=Gardner Denver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cows_(ice_cream)=Cows (ice cream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2degrees=2degrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Production=Rising Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingredion=Ingredion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Popular=Cinema Popular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Sands=David Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geocell=Geocell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narec=Narec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GYS_(company)=GYS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Meadow_Bakery=French Meadow Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Networked_Insights=Networked Insights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta-Gnom=Delta-Gnom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirkle=Cirkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kienzle_Uhren=Kienzle Uhren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loop_Mobile=Loop Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bend_Software=Red Bend Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESO_(motorcycles)=ESO (motorcycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpringSource=SpringSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandeville_Films=Mandeville Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Company_Services=Southern Company Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dataproducts=Dataproducts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLMNE=FLMNE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribe.Net=Caribe.Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchimie_Forever=Alchimie Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energid_Technologies=Energid Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Witch_Software=Wicked Witch Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KKTC_Telsim=KKTC Telsim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixpack_France=Sixpack France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyroban=Pyroban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantalizers=Tantalizers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufthansa_Consulting=Lufthansa Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Crane_Group=John Crane Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devambez=Devambez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics_Advanced_Information_Systems=General Dynamics Advanced Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precise_Software=Precise Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SG_Biofuels=SG Biofuels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Aeroplane_Company=General Aeroplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Cinemas=Big Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMZ=OMZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Production=David Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widdowson_Group=Widdowson Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kosovo_Times=The Kosovo Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester,_Bosch_Group=Worcester, Bosch Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netviewer=Netviewer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cha_Cha_Cha_Films=Cha Cha Cha Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblicore=Oblicore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Housing_Board=Tamil Nadu Housing Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Shoula_Group=Al Shoula Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy_Fortune_Cookies=Fancy Fortune Cookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_Cinemas=Caribbean Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceccato_motorcycles=Ceccato motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RailRunner_(company)=RailRunner (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeromere/Capriolo=Aeromere/Capriolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Bondi=Team Bondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_State_Electricity_Corporation_Limited=Gujarat State Electricity Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Gujarat_Vij=Uttar Gujarat Vij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keimfarben=Keimfarben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_jStart=IBM jStart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxxio=Oxxio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_Comics=Dare Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LightBox_Interactive=LightBox Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_Support_Panel=Decision Support Panel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAIDS_report=MAIDS report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basex=Basex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Lab=Secret Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mersen=Mersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTC_Namibia=MTC Namibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TN_Mobile=TN Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton's_Cafeteria=Clifton's Cafeteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_Tea_Imports=Upton Tea Imports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_&_Colvard=Charles & Colvard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diet-to-Go=Diet-to-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Bottling_Company_United=Coca-Cola Bottling Company United
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towerstream=Towerstream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantic_Motor=Fantic Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Modena=Terra Modena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borile=Borile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookmans=Bookmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ports_1961=Ports 1961
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kogan.com=Kogan.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drahtzug_Stein=Drahtzug Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FalconStor_Software=FalconStor Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shmaltz_Brewing_Company=Shmaltz Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prior_Scientific=Prior Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serengeti_(sunglasses_brand)=Serengeti (sunglasses brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawdon_Brothers_Aircraft=Rawdon Brothers Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordans_(company)=Jordans (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vie_de_France=Vie de France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoTrader.com=AutoTrader.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libro=Libro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomod's=Tomod's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Roy_Selmon's=Lee Roy Selmon's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aigan=Aigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AccuVein=AccuVein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._William_Funk_&_Associates=R. William Funk & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invictus_Games_(company)=Invictus Games (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derichebourg=Derichebourg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinni_(search_engine)=Jinni (search engine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Networks_UK=Discovery Networks UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voxeo=Voxeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yerevan_Ararat_Wine_Factory=Yerevan Ararat Wine Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Given_Imaging=Given Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtel_Solutions=Newtel Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonware=Demonware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DesignworksUSA=DesignworksUSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roamer_(watchmaker)=Roamer (watchmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy's=Sleepy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footagehead=Footagehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_A_Brain_Foundation=Save A Brain Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Material_Handling,_U.S.A.,_Inc.=Toyota Material Handling, U.S.A., Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganeden_Biotech=Ganeden Biotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Sun_Brewing_Company=Midnight Sun Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterMapper=InterMapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oaksterdam_University=Oaksterdam University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syncplicity=Syncplicity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ararat_Cement=Ararat Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Lilley_and_Gillie_Ltd=John Lilley and Gillie Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviva_Canada=Aviva Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Co-operative_brand=The Co-operative brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meals_on_Wheels_Association_of_America=Meals on Wheels Association of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOSY=TOSY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencept=Pencept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eichleay_Engineers=Eichleay Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount_Bagel=Fairmount Bagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRF_S.A.=BRF S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwataya=Iwataya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamtilt=Dreamtilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Motors=Mission Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edoardo_Raffinerie_Garrone=Edoardo Raffinerie Garrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aramark=Aramark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renown_(company)=Renown (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_Clays_Limited=Uganda Clays Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quattor_(company)=Quattor (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotana_Hotels=Rotana Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFund=UFund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalur_Nugraha_Ekakurir=Jalur Nugraha Ekakurir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_Rail=Nemesis Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playerauctions=Playerauctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robomodo=Robomodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sysomos=Sysomos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grease_Monkey_(business)=Grease Monkey (business)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FootageBank_HD=FootageBank HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xero_(software)=Xero (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADLINK=ADLINK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AudioBoom=AudioBoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefax=Lefax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moods_of_Norway=Moods of Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheese_Store_of_Beverly_Hills=The Cheese Store of Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinn_Corporation=Dinn Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growthworks=Growthworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_Bank=Ally Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&H_Mining=P&H Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldticketshop=Worldticketshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Productions=Wild Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrippNT=TrippNT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galatasaray_Mobile=Galatasaray Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iland=Iland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Union_of_Liberal_Youth=Egyptian Union of Liberal Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micromania_(video_game_retailer)=Micromania (video game retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Fareri_Children's_Hospital=Maria Fareri Children's Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemotek_Technologie=Nemotek Technologie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_Industry_Management=Concrete Industry Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_Software=Atlantis Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esnatech=Esnatech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward-Beck_Systems=Ward-Beck Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmeriHealth=AmeriHealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seton_Healthcare_Family=Seton Healthcare Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consumer_Cellular=Consumer Cellular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Group=Great Southern Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohnacker_Systeme=Bohnacker Systeme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneClimate=OneClimate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerner_Optical=Kerner Optical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AaB_A/S=AaB A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WiPower=WiPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Coffee=Standard Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interroll=Interroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4mm_Games=4mm Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Software_&_Hardware_Co._(NOSA)=Iran Software & Hardware Co. (NOSA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MG_Sports_and_Racing_Europe=MG Sports and Racing Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FarSite_Communications_Limited=FarSite Communications Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETEM=ETEM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball_Factory=Baseball Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spancrete=Spancrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviat_Networks=Aviat Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcus_&_Millichap=Marcus & Millichap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gima_(motorcycles)=Gima (motorcycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewBlue=NewBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Center_Films=Cinema Center Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baroda_Management_Association=Baroda Management Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubicle_7=Cubicle 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortumo=Fortumo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starworld=Starworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomaco_Trolley_Company=Gomaco Trolley Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMZGlobal=DMZGlobal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius_Commercial_Bank_(Madagascar)=Mauritius Commercial Bank (Madagascar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Nation_Entertainment=Live Nation Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Coney_Island=James Coney Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athletes'_Performance=Athletes' Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Worlds_Entertainment=Unknown Worlds Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.R._Gray=H.R. Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_Mobile=Solaris Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novorossiysk_Commercial_Sea_Port=Novorossiysk Commercial Sea Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plasma_Records=Plasma Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyrocam_Systems=Gyrocam Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie_Brunehaut=Brasserie Brunehaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verpoorten=Verpoorten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruffian_Games=Ruffian Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengzhong=Tengzhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlaSmart=PlaSmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derry_&_Toms=Derry & Toms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyLink=CenturyLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peak_Sport_Products=Peak Sport Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Deilmann_Cruises=Peter Deilmann Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_Bank_of_Japan=Development Bank of Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novartis_Foundation_for_Sustainable_Development=Novartis Foundation for Sustainable Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffeeshop_Company=Coffeeshop Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colliers_International=Colliers International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DYMO_Corporation=DYMO Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_American_Foods=All American Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Cigar=Thompson Cigar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Server_Technology=Server Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transurban_S.A.=Transurban S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbulance=Jumbulance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Corporation=Doosan Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xsigo_Systems=Xsigo Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxie_Software=Moxie Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metron_Aviation=Metron Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MFG.com=MFG.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ybry=Ybry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Florida_Bank=Great Florida Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entex_Industries=Entex Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CareSource=CareSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FUN_Technologies=FUN Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countryside_Properties=Countryside Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collective_Shift=The Collective Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardagh_Group=Ardagh Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Landscape_Agency=The Landscape Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodge_Cottrell=Lodge Cottrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opsona_Therapeutics=Opsona Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRA,_Inc.=TRA, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyWay_Village=MyWay Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEHA=GEHA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldPay=WorldPay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyberLink=CyberLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTTS=RTTS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duratex=Duratex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBC_Vehicles=IBC Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heston_Aircraft_Company=Heston Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xen_Coffee=Xen Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Surface_Chemistry=Institute for Surface Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copel=Copel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Electric=Hurricane Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosan=Cosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossi_Residencial=Rossi Residencial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NDreams=NDreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Philippine_Holdings_Corporation=First Philippine Holdings Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCD_Publishing=DCD Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATG_Stores=ATG Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HyperCity=HyperCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyrela_Brazil_Realty=Cyrela Brazil Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCAN_Health_Plan=SCAN Health Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclone_Studios=Cyclone Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinerama_Releasing_Corporation=Cinerama Releasing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JustSystems=JustSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ORC_International=ORC International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Informatik=Vector Informatik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hing_Construction=Hip Hing Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codeplay=Codeplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hera_Group=Hera Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ember_(company)=Ember (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Rinaldi=Marina Rinaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D3_Security_Management_Systems=D3 Security Management Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smashburger=Smashburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargames_Factory=Wargames Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracerco=Tracerco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jayco,_Inc=Jayco, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Time_Attic=Big Time Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Rhodes=Walter Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_(shoe_company)=Patrick (shoe company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Walters_plc=Robert Walters plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novarama=Novarama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoScale_Corporation=NanoScale Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dash_(boutique)=Dash (boutique)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Sector_Retraining_Project=Banana Sector Retraining Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_Group=Aya Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASE_Productions=BASE Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Adjustments=Global Adjustments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raine_and_Horne=Raine and Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLEXcon=FLEXcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_Homes=Heartland Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BillMonitor=BillMonitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Gulch_Brewing_&_Bottling_Company=Silver Gulch Brewing & Bottling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_International,_Inc.=Mitchell International, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShadowTV=ShadowTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weekend_City_Press_Review=Weekend City Press Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good-Feel=Good-Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueView_Technologies=BlueView Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replay_Solutions=Replay Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gametraders=Gametraders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessolve=Tessolve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Entertainment=Fly Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Research=Video Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirth_Research=Wirth Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yola_(webhost)=Yola (webhost)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B2B_Games=B2B Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maquet=Maquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Express=Wright Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie's_Organics=Maggie's Organics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firemonkeys_Studios=Firemonkeys Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturschutzbund_Deutschland=Naturschutzbund Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Africa_Company=United Africa Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbins_Brothers=Robbins Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Door_Lemon=Four Door Lemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gafisa=Gafisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Cupcakes=Johnny Cupcakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_LaFrance_Truck_Corporation=Ward LaFrance Truck Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_via=Go via
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Films=CBS Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanzaru_Games=Sanzaru Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenberg_&_Lieberman=Greenberg & Lieberman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Video=Ross Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartuli_Pilmi=Kartuli Pilmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_1_(ISP)=Highway 1 (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Holland_Construction=New Holland Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIGADDA=BIGADDA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Everybody=Where's Everybody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbus.in=Redbus.in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Water_and_Sewerage_Corporation=National Water and Sewerage Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Pacific_Yachts=North Pacific Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redcort_Software=Redcort Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZoomerMedia=ZoomerMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigeon_(company)=Pigeon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Consortium=Atlas Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/112dB=112dB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musto_(company)=Musto (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benco_Dental=Benco Dental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ideas_Learning=Big Ideas Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civolution=Civolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avion_(car)=Avion (car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Retail_Properties=National Retail Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5pb.=5pb.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magmic=Magmic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanz_Factory=Wanz Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leder_und_Schuh=Leder und Schuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dystar=Dystar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASRock=ASRock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Oil_Transportation=Institute of Oil Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallup_&_Robinson=Gallup & Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcom_Group=Transcom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Home_Group=Heritage Home Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Gravity_Amusement_Park=Zero Gravity Amusement Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BizChair.com=BizChair.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&Z_Metalworks=S&Z Metalworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangerine_Confectionery=Tangerine Confectionery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witel=Witel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Shine,_Stern_&_Partners=Butler, Shine, Stern & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cbi_Laboratories=Cbi Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertos_Medical,_Inc.=Vertos Medical, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intransitive_Recordings=Intransitive Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_family=Chandler family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solagran=Solagran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorn_Media_UK=Acorn Media UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windward_Studios=Windward Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MWH_Global=MWH Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CornerWorld=CornerWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transform_(consulting_firm)=Transform (consulting firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janrain=Janrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimbo_Bakeries_USA=Bimbo Bakeries USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutton_Companies=Hutton Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinegold_Publishing=Rhinegold Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollbase=Rollbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRI_(company)=IRI (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeKalb_Genetics_Corporation=DeKalb Genetics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSW_Immobilien=GSW Immobilien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Hutchison_Australia=Vodafone Hutchison Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centergazservice-opt=Centergazservice-opt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahmyook_Foods=Sahmyook Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axerra_Networks=Axerra Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Related_Designs=Related Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainax=Gainax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Tow=Sea Tow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discount-Licensing=Discount-Licensing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breast_Cancer_Alliance=Breast Cancer Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanic=Humanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sortimo=Sortimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maaden_(company)=Maaden (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brand_Union=The Brand Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_Domain_(corporation)=Data Domain (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webtrekk=Webtrekk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forticom=Forticom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oudh_and_Tirhut_Railway=Oudh and Tirhut Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DevInfo=DevInfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braun's_Express=Braun's Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShawCor=ShawCor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardot=Pardot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terso_Solutions=Terso Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Creative_Entertainment=Lotus Creative Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schweppes_Australia=Schweppes Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvis_Group=Anvis Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotec_Group=Gotec Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Automotive_Group=Beijing Automotive Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenPlumbers=GreenPlumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Alexander_&_Co_Pty_Ltd=Stuart Alexander & Co Pty Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3H_Biomedical=3H Biomedical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_IS=Access IS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawang_Shampoo=Bawang Shampoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberties_Press=Liberties Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getinge_Group=Getinge Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarin_Restaurant=Mandarin Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARMZ_Uranium_Holding=ARMZ Uranium Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythos_Games=Mythos Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grasshopper_Company=The Grasshopper Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leostream=Leostream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socrata=Socrata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostNord=PostNord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londonderry_and_Enniskillen_Railway=Londonderry and Enniskillen Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altar_Games=Altar Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Equipment_Company=Dawn Equipment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coda_Automotive=Coda Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Trains_Melbourne=Metro Trains Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotendo=Cotendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Who's_Who=Cambridge Who's Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J&S_Construction_Company=J&S Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ink_Dish=Ink Dish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BiscoMisr=BiscoMisr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needler's=Needler's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fondul_Proprietatea=Fondul Proprietatea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mintek=Mintek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altoros=Altoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Examinetics=Examinetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Western_Stores=Fort Western Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novarra_Inc.=Novarra Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Signal_Corporation=American Signal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netac_Technology=Netac Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lizard_Software=Red Lizard Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Paramount_executives=List of Paramount executives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_Fighting_Championship=Palace Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Applied_Finance_Group=The Applied Finance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penske_Media_Corporation=Penske Media Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Dutch_Shell=Royal Dutch Shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5th_Cell=5th Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_&_Lefebvre=Tommy & Lefebvre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragus_Group=Tragus Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultrapar=Ultrapar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonchon_Chicken=Bonchon Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towers_Watson=Towers Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabuki_Construction=Anabuki Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail.com=Mail.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabuki_Kosan=Anabuki Kosan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krakatau_Steel=Krakatau Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Comviva=Mahindra Comviva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liskom=Liskom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BCD_Travel=BCD Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Development_Bank_of_Ghana=Agricultural Development Bank of Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluegreen_Corporation=Bluegreen Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agencia_Venezolana_de_Noticias=Agencia Venezolana de Noticias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Araca_Group=The Araca Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiesta_Marina_Cruises=Fiesta Marina Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._R._L._Morrison_&_Co=H. R. L. Morrison & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krakatau_Wajatama=Krakatau Wajatama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JESS3=JESS3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LogLogic=LogLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jello_Shoecompany=Jello Shoecompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maaden_Gold=Maaden Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daikyo=Daikyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z+F_UK=Z+F UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Gaming_Factory_X=Global Gaming Factory X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syncron_International_AB=Syncron International AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shotmed_Paper_Industries=Shotmed Paper Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trustpilot=Trustpilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realex_Payments=Realex Payments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasystems=Pegasystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WheelsTV=WheelsTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.F._Young,_Inc.=W.F. Young, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux_Products=Lux Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DPCI=DPCI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge_Studio=London Bridge Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavor_(non-profit)=Endeavor (non-profit)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retrofit_Films=Retrofit Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodyamr=Bodyamr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends2support=Friends2support
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Power=UK Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Airports_Authority_of_Nigeria=Federal Airports Authority of Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changi_Airport_Group=Changi Airport Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Wilcox_&_Sons,_Inc.=Floyd Wilcox & Sons, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spotless_Group=Spotless Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Robotics_and_Intelligent_Systems=Institute of Robotics and Intelligent Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuinStreet=QuinStreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Aircraft_Company=Eagle Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NLR_Air_Transport_Safety_Institute=NLR Air Transport Safety Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plextek_Limited=Plextek Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xunlight_Corporation=Xunlight Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestat=Prestat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio-Synthesis,_Inc.=Bio-Synthesis, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Online_Insurance_School=National Online Insurance School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDLinx=MDLinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnitum=Agnitum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UXUA_Casa_Hotel_&_Spa=UXUA Casa Hotel & Spa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GO-Global=GO-Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZMP_INC.=ZMP INC.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arms_Corporation=Arms Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochteif_Concessions=Hochteif Concessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Mipo_Dockyard=Hyundai Mipo Dockyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Save=Quality Save
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belposhta=Belposhta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Greenland=Post Greenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liechtensteinische_Post=Liechtensteinische Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochtief_Concessions=Hochtief Concessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broseley_Estates_Limited=Broseley Estates Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LegalShield=LegalShield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yates_(company)=Yates (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_American_Bagel_Bakery=The Great American Bagel Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BotswanaPost=BotswanaPost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Dietrich_Remeha=De Dietrich Remeha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlain_Housing_Trust=Champlain Housing Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechnoServe=TechnoServe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Half_International=Robert Half International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Force_Technologies=G-Force Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliamentary_Monitoring_Services=Parliamentary Monitoring Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_and_Harvey=Palmer and Harvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_of_Audit_of_Slovenia=Court of Audit of Slovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabio_Perini_S.p.A.=Fabio Perini S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AarhusKarlshamn=AarhusKarlshamn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Healthcare=Sonic Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumpkin_Patch=Pumpkin Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accell=Accell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CarProof=CarProof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_IPEC=Toll IPEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieuport_&_General_Aircraft=Nieuport & General Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Rail_Services=Progress Rail Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imedexchange=Imedexchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVEBE=AVEBE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curad=Curad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practice_Fusion=Practice Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoVoxx=MoVoxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_Film_Studio=Odessa Film Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loot_Entertainment=Loot Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_City,_Ltd.=Gas City, Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaleeji_Commercial_Bank=Khaleeji Commercial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CockyBoys=CockyBoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_DoCoMo=Tata DoCoMo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrovie_della_Sardegna=Ferrovie della Sardegna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioLegend=BioLegend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrought_Iron_Bridge_Company=Wrought Iron Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GBQ_Partners=GBQ Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NJVC=NJVC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XWA_(professional_wrestling)=XWA (professional wrestling)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNGEN_International_Limited=SUNGEN International Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Radio=Spectrum Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungard_Availability_Services=Sungard Availability Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steigenberger_Hotels=Steigenberger Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laclede_Group=Laclede Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consonus=Consonus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DBZ_Guitars=DBZ Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multimatic=Multimatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivante_Corporation=Vivante Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_of_Hospital_Medicine=Society of Hospital Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loma_Negra=Loma Negra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortons_of_Horncastle=Mortons of Horncastle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Leeuwen_Pipe_and_Tube_Group=Van Leeuwen Pipe and Tube Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_+_White_Mobile=Black + White Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumi_Kim=Yumi Kim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NedGraphics=NedGraphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clauss_Cutlery_Company=Clauss Cutlery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IZ3D=IZ3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EarthLink=EarthLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter-Service=Peter-Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilmorin=Vilmorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dia_Kensetsu=Dia Kensetsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aker_Arctic=Aker Arctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikoyan=Mikoyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubb=Rubb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmaceutical_Product_Development=Pharmaceutical Product Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_World_Knowledge=Flat World Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midtjyske_Jernbaner=Midtjyske Jernbaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleNorba=TeleNorba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garena=Garena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RealNetworks=RealNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triotech_Amusement=Triotech Amusement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller's_Ale_House=Miller's Ale House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoplon_Infotainment=Hoplon Infotainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhtelecom=Kazakhtelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Antibody_Technology=Cambridge Antibody Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastnet_Line=Fastnet Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swansea_Cork_Ferries=Swansea Cork Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Allure=Eden Allure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Insurance=Allied Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utel_(Ukraine)=Utel (Ukraine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_National_Hotels=Abu Dhabi National Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorouh_Real_Estate=Sorouh Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamweel=Tamweel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exigen_Services=Exigen Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daegu-Gyeongbuk_Free_Economic_Zone=Daegu-Gyeongbuk Free Economic Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakefield_Insurance=Drakefield Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_&_Young's_Brewery=Wells & Young's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naviera_Armas=Naviera Armas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimler_Trucks_North_America=Daimler Trucks North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gammon_India=Gammon India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Time_Gems=Century Time Gems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Power_Technologies=Ocean Power Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angiogenesis_Foundation=The Angiogenesis Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMR_Marketing=GMR Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postlethwaite_&_Netterville=Postlethwaite & Netterville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misco=Misco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Development_of_Imaging_Technology=Centre for Development of Imaging Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Camera_Support_Equipment=Miller Camera Support Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronautic_Technology_Sdn_Bhd=Astronautic Technology Sdn Bhd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirma=Pirma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GasTerra=GasTerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Advanced_Systems=Tata Advanced Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxar_AS=Roxar AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Fashion_Week=Dhaka Fashion Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsam_Hill=Balsam Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peermusic=Peermusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Aircraft_Co.=Brown Aircraft Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronos_Foods=Kronos Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidant_Health=Vidant Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springs_Global=Springs Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recycled_Energy_Development=Recycled Energy Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tieline=Tieline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lestra=Lestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_Broadband=AOL Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_Duck=Automatic Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Bridge_Company=Keystone Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sittercity.com=Sittercity.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Pelvic_Health=Center for Pelvic Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jive_Software=Jive Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalRoam=GlobalRoam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_Records=Line Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICON_Aircraft=ICON Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Asset_Management=Vietnam Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energiapolar=Energiapolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kistler_Group=Kistler Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Alps=Ten Alps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Bronnley_&_Co.=H. Bronnley & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companhia_Zaffari=Companhia Zaffari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FNC_Inc.=FNC Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_10=Nana 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trane=Trane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Arms=Freedom Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenhua_Film_Company=Wenhua Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Dot=Pink Dot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Golf=Adams Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapuz=Tapuz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hof's_Hut=Hof's Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HH-Ferries=HH-Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Star_Trucks=Western Star Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Burrito_Co.=California Burrito Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker's=Becker's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Holidays_UK=Park Holidays UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framo_(car)=Framo (car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nighthawk_Custom=Nighthawk Custom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veteran_Tickets_Foundation=Veteran Tickets Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Era_Watch_Company=Era Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bron_Elektronik=Bron Elektronik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diantong_Film_Company=Diantong Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clandestine_Industries=Clandestine Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquamarine_Power=Aquamarine Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BHC_Communications=BHC Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endura_Watch_Factory=Endura Watch Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittoria_S.p.A.=Vittoria S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr_Pepper_Snapple_Group=Dr Pepper Snapple Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EmblemHealth=EmblemHealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edhance=Edhance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeuLion=NeuLion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naymz=Naymz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuwahara_(bicycle_company)=Kuwahara (bicycle company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Fly,_Inc.=Operation Fly, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Article_25=Article 25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOS_Media=KOS Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobilegov=Mobilegov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proper_Games=Proper Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobee=Sobee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athletes_for_a_Cure=Athletes for a Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_TV=Odisha TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Caret_Games=24 Caret Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phonocar=Phonocar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Multi_Commodities_Centre=Dubai Multi Commodities Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JOC_Group=JOC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CertainTeed=CertainTeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Sanitary_Manufacturing_Company=Standard Sanitary Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emantras=Emantras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDR_Melbourne=KDR Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_dahra_Agricultural_Company=Al dahra Agricultural Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Stuff_Clothing=White Stuff Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macron_(sportswear)=Macron (sportswear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VAM_Drilling=VAM Drilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainz_Institute_of_Microtechnology=Mainz Institute of Microtechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brewer's_Art=The Brewer's Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurogane_(company)=Kurogane (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurney's_Seed_and_Nursery_Company=Gurney's Seed and Nursery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoomlion=Zoomlion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dataphone=Dataphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoon_Games=Typhoon Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Facilities_Services=Morrison Facilities Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viessmann=Viessmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Civil_Engineering_Construction=China Civil Engineering Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/22nd_Century_Media=22nd Century Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naterra=Naterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Team_RS=Ford Team RS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ServInt=ServInt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net_Optics=Net Optics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Chula_Vista_Medical_Center=Sharp Chula Vista Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Lieberman_Artists'_Representatives=David Lieberman Artists' Representatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Mary_Birch_Hospital_for_Women_&_Newborns=Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Komerc=Robot Komerc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perenco=Perenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Guitars=Taylor Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Morris_Agency=William Morris Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_International=Pride International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayer=Bayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders_Aircraft_Company=Saunders Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MG_Motor=MG Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Mutual_of_Ohio=Medical Mutual of Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organic_India=Organic India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwik_Fit_Insurance=Kwik Fit Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bundesimmobiliengesellschaft=Bundesimmobiliengesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar_Reality=Avatar Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objet_Geometries=Objet Geometries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMDTechnologies=PMDTechnologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voddler=Voddler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WANdisco=WANdisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audyssey_Laboratories=Audyssey Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G&K_Services=G&K Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudgie's_Deli=Mudgie's Deli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyraCom=CyraCom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probitas_Partners=Probitas Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntelePeer=IntelePeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Paso_Electric=El Paso Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSW_Ispat_Steel=JSW Ispat Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Corporation=Sharp Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_Software=Dakota Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Chandler_International=Victor Chandler International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albanian_Geological_Survey=Albanian Geological Survey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Electronics=Panda Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/343_Industries=343 Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohde_&_Schwarz=Rohde & Schwarz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koehler_Instrument_Company,_Inc.=Koehler Instrument Company, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corriente_Resources=Corriente Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Energy=Walter Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovative_Routines_International=Innovative Routines International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Surgical_Partners_International=United Surgical Partners International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Galaxy=Robot Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport_Corporation_of_India_Ltd=Transport Corporation of India Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exact_Editions=Exact Editions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarubezhneft=Zarubezhneft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glogster=Glogster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_Care=My Family Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Dynamics_C4_Systems=General Dynamics C4 Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohjinsha=Kohjinsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WFN_Strategies=WFN Strategies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnifone=Omnifone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shustir=Shustir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid_Lee=Sid Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABG_Shipyard=ABG Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greka_Energy=Greka Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_Asset_Management=Aberdeen Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Awesome=Channel Awesome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreover_Technologies=Moreover Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KKE_Architects=KKE Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_Platform_Services=SES Platform Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlin_Wire=Marlin Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermphos_International=Thermphos International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Natural_Resources_Limited=Reliance Natural Resources Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchwise=Switchwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinies=Tinies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Eat=Just Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saihi_Motor=Saihi Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingdom=Pingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teva_Learning_Center=Teva Learning Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipsmith=Sipsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Shine=Flying Shine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GovNet=GovNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Building_Systems=Kirby Building Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishra_Dhatu_Nigam=Mishra Dhatu Nigam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrasonics=Spectrasonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dataware_Games=Dataware Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_Consumer_Products_(company)=Omni Consumer Products (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrospace=Macrospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaujon_Aircraft=Beaujon Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkeetna_Air_Taxi=Talkeetna Air Taxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paylocity_Corporation=Paylocity Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KPS_Video_Express=KPS Video Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SME_Ordnance=SME Ordnance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Carriage_and_Tramways_Company=Manchester Carriage and Tramways Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiata=Axiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aicas=Aicas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluestone_Group=Bluestone Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elekeiroz=Elekeiroz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intech_Contracting=Intech Contracting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocus_Technology=Crocus Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winstar_Communications=Winstar Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoreSite=CoreSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooperative_Research_Centre_for_Advanced_Composite_Structures=Cooperative Research Centre for Advanced Composite Structures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alawar=Alawar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamjee_Group=Adamjee Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuozui_Motors=Kuozui Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breck's=Breck's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walchandnagar_Industries=Walchandnagar Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCP_Advisors=RCP Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AgonSwim=AgonSwim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brastel_Telecom=Brastel Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undertone_(advertising_company)=Undertone (advertising company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoubleBear_Productions=DoubleBear Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galnaftogaz=Galnaftogaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_port_Saint_Petersburg=Big port Saint Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmauro=Filmauro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobii_Technology=Tobii Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrell's_Ice_Cream_Parlour=Farrell's Ice Cream Parlour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingbright=Kingbright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwins_Seeds=Unwins Seeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandriva=Mandriva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Rambler=Holiday Rambler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Number_3=Door Number 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcon_Entertainment=Alcon Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linc_Energy=Linc Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hottrix=Hottrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonny_Bryan's_Smokehouse=Sonny Bryan's Smokehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemisphere_GPS=Hemisphere GPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timpson_(retailer)=Timpson (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shufersal=Shufersal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ross_Group=The Ross Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V&R_Planning=V&R Planning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Circuits=Cosmic Circuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_(retailer)=Athena (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossiya_Segodnya=Rossiya Segodnya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGSCOM=TGSCOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millward_Brown=Millward Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Aircraft=Spectrum Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Hospital_Association=Ontario Hospital Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subaru=Subaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Tobacco=General Tobacco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSGH=CSGH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ElasticHosts=ElasticHosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_Paper=Clearwater Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Handyman=Mr. Handyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelikhov-Golikov_Company=Shelikhov-Golikov Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Martina=La Martina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalier_Chocolate=Cavalier Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HyperDevbox_Japan=HyperDevbox Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSBFirst=DSBFirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympikus=Olympikus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler_Elevator_Corporation=Schindler Elevator Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_New_Zealand_Limited=Orion New Zealand Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission10X=Mission10X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BelaPAN=BelaPAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubefilter=Tubefilter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BCIS=BCIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skymeter=Skymeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Boating,_Inc=Community Boating, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reier_Broadcasting_Company=Reier Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft_Sales_and_Parts=Aircraft Sales and Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aluminum_Association=The Aluminum Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_&_Company=Shannon & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Herald_Press=Daily Herald Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Fly_Hair_Garage=Spanish Fly Hair Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Scientific=Midland Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_Commission_for_Tourism_and_Antiquities=Supreme Commission for Tourism and Antiquities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptec_Design_Group=Neptec Design Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANADIGICS=ANADIGICS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwartz_Communications=Schwartz Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorenje=Gorenje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viverso=Viverso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio_Advice,_Inc.=Audio Advice, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkmobile=Talkmobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100%25_Banco=100% Banco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._Reidel=D. Reidel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycamobile=Lycamobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayneedle=Hayneedle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greycroft_Partners=Greycroft Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahl's_Foods=Dahl's Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kintech_Lab=Kintech Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_Institute_of_Molecular_Pathology=Research Institute of Molecular Pathology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Molecular_Biotechnology=Institute of Molecular Biotechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aller_Media=Aller Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdman_Enterprises=Birdman Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Science_International=Applied Science International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbarco_Veeder-Root=Gilbarco Veeder-Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxposure_Media_Group=Maxposure Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smitty's_(restaurant)=Smitty's (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SensorDynamics=SensorDynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servo_Robot_Group=Servo Robot Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genteq=Genteq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Book_Festival=Boston Book Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Motors=Master Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Nintendo_development_teams=List of Nintendo development teams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Attractions_Agency=Universal Attractions Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Henson's_Creature_Shop=Jim Henson's Creature Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IFixit=IFixit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Technology_Development=Nintendo Technology Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Microware=Mercury Microware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Flight_Sciences=Aurora Flight Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orissa_State_Cooperative_Milk_Producers'_Federation=Orissa State Cooperative Milk Producers' Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StrategyOne=StrategyOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruehauf_Trailer_Corporation=Fruehauf Trailer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Manufacturing_Co._Inc=Energy Manufacturing Co. Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reily_Foods_Company=Reily Foods Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalli_(wardrobe_store)=Nalli (wardrobe store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Life=State Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MMCS=MMCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jizhong_Energy=Jizhong Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah_Cacao_Real_Chocolate=Ah Cacao Real Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komus_(company)=Komus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegel_Audio_AS=Hegel Audio AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMIDRO=IMIDRO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhaul_Car_Share=Uhaul Car Share
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._K._Films=R. K. Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linde_Werdelin=Linde Werdelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_3_(software_company)=System 3 (software company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seismic_Micro-Technology=Seismic Micro-Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiskey_Media=Whiskey Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_Cinemas=Merlin Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenesta=Fenesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TecMagik=TecMagik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessera_Technologies=Tessera Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowdspring=Crowdspring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenue_Technology_Services=Revenue Technology Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Networks_Benelux=Discovery Networks Benelux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Networks_Latin_America=Discovery Networks Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuz-Viktan=Soyuz-Viktan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Sciences=Carbon Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystatech=Crystatech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illumination_Entertainment=Illumination Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doostang=Doostang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanco=Oceanco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrowdFlower=CrowdFlower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MESA_Imaging=MESA Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusion-io=Fusion-io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrodvorets_Watch_Factory=Petrodvorets Watch Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Networks_Nordic=Discovery Networks Nordic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Networks_Deutschland=Discovery Networks Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Register_Industrial=Standard Register Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Coq_Musique=Le Coq Musique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Lane_Market=Dorothy Lane Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grantsmanship_Center=The Grantsmanship Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruokangas_Guitars=Ruokangas Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenith_Oilfield_Technology=Zenith Oilfield Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Board_of_Administration_of_Florida=State Board of Administration of Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wear=A Wear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ze-gen=Ze-gen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HealthPartners=HealthPartners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowder_Construction_Company=Crowder Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-operative_Travel_Trading_Group=Co-operative Travel Trading Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VirtualGym_TV=VirtualGym TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Geijer_&_Co=C. Geijer & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Theatre_Arts_Centre=Southern Theatre Arts Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiall=Radiall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICIMS=ICIMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z8Games=Z8Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyrd_(company)=Wyrd (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Value_Drug_Mart=Value Drug Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EdVisions_Schools=EdVisions Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Lightsys=D-Lightsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour_Beatty_Infrastructure,_Inc.=Balfour Beatty Infrastructure, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriHealth=TriHealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CroatianTV-America=CroatianTV-America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HungarianTV-America=HungarianTV-America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EUROWorldNetwork=EUROWorldNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_&_Paykel_Healthcare=Fisher & Paykel Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_International_Holdings=Birmingham International Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshfel_Europe=Freshfel Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmcare=Farmcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Limagrain=Groupe Limagrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybricon_Corporation=Hybricon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_Seagull=Tianjin Seagull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imprint_Entertainment=Imprint Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzz_Buzz=Muzz Buzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooler_Master=Cooler Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Board_of_Investment=Pakistan Board of Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Athletic_Club=Kansas City Athletic Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunagor=Sunagor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Free_Productions=Scott Free Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Group=Cypress Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Chabot_Grant_Thornton=Raymond Chabot Grant Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aashirvad_Cinemas=Aashirvad Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordet_(company)=Ordet (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fjord_Line=Fjord Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuoka_Broadcasting_Corporation=Fukuoka Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Tor_Studios=Shadow Tor Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television_Nishinippon_Corporation=Television Nishinippon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Media=Orion Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVQ_Kyushu_Broadcasting=TVQ Kyushu Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HiSoft=HiSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzbassenergo=Kuzbassenergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wistron_Corporation=Wistron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henleys=Henleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_Aviation_Group=Bond Aviation Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bond_Air_Services=Bond Air Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Computing=Liquid Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_Forces_Insurance=Armed Forces Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmTrust_Financial_Services,_Inc.=AmTrust Financial Services, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herrell's_Ice_Cream=Herrell's Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grockit=Grockit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asplundh_Tree_Expert_Company=Asplundh Tree Expert Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Village_Telecom=Global Village Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senate_Properties=Senate Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TXT_e-solutions=TXT e-solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addax_Petroleum=Addax Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melvita=Melvita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exinda=Exinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Advertising_Review_Unit=Children's Advertising Review Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abellio_Deutschland=Abellio Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_General_Nuclear_Power_Group=China General Nuclear Power Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakobson_Shipyard=Jakobson Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIJA_Style=LIJA Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmar_International=Wilmar International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Bay_Productions=Bristol Bay Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sage_Business_Solutions=Sage Business Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadiv_Petrochemical_Industries=Gadiv Petrochemical Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End_Watch_Co.=West End Watch Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jose_Thomas_Performing_Arts_Centre=Jose Thomas Performing Arts Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_Games=Riot Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vielife=Vielife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasserstrom_Company=Wasserstrom Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigotti=Bigotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linoma_Software=Linoma Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FEP_Sports=FEP Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Motorcar_Company=Davis Motorcar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_to_Order=Fresh to Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Aircraft=Nelson Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roark_Capital_Group=Roark Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelig_Telecom=Intelig Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isrotel=Isrotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionex=Dionex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aoyagi_Metals_Company=Aoyagi Metals Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokomo=Yokomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronexus=Pronexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starr_Hill_Brewery=Starr Hill Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WKE_(WKEntertainment)=WKE (WKEntertainment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_AppAssure=Dell AppAssure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stemilt_Growers=Stemilt Growers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDG_Ventures=IDG Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton_Airports=Edmonton Airports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Mech_Scoreboards=Electro-Mech Scoreboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sercomtel=Sercomtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hestra=Hestra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MACTEC=MACTEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_Entertainment=19 Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netbabyworld=Netbabyworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Auto_Moto=The Auto Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marfrig=Marfrig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Fuso_Truck_of_America,_Inc.=Mitsubishi Fuso Truck of America, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzano_Papel_e_Celulose=Suzano Papel e Celulose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constant_Contact=Constant Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everland_Resort=Everland Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassonde_Industries=Lassonde Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Plant_Protection_Organization=North American Plant Protection Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Thought_Publications=Indian Thought Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Dorado=Gran Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Insurance=L.A. Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvercorp_Metals=Silvercorp Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Gold_Group_Corporation=China National Gold Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Salt=Tata Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extron=Extron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Business_Support_Services=Tata Business Support Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEST_(brewery)=WEST (brewery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Publishers_Association_(UK)=Music Publishers Association (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CryoLife=CryoLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_Newstands=Gateway Newstands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janimation=Janimation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra_(company)=Astra (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anticimex=Anticimex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canpotex=Canpotex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxgen=Luxgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Nurseries=Moon Nurseries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magix=Magix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrainOSE=TrainOSE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROBIC=ROBIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Air=Discovery Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Enterprise=Project Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfe_Video=Wolfe Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PODS_(company)=PODS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coreplay=Coreplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continuous_Computing=Continuous Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibria=Fibria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulczyk_Investments=Kulczyk Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suminter_India_Organics=Suminter India Organics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulekha=Sulekha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infrastructure_Leasing_&_Financial_Services=Infrastructure Leasing & Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provexis=Provexis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullingstorp=Mullingstorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hy-Line_International=Hy-Line International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peek_&_Cloppenburg=Peek & Cloppenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Electronics=Mitchell Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_&_Griffin=Williams & Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EdgeCast_Networks=EdgeCast Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EServGlobal=EServGlobal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybernet_(brand)=Cybernet (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTN_Syria=MTN Syria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingram_Entertainment_Holdings_Inc.=Ingram Entertainment Holdings Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingle_Punks_Music=Jingle Punks Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1E=1E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VerticalResponse=VerticalResponse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GP_Investments=GP Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Retreads=English Retreads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoGirl=GoGirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Broadcast=Metro Broadcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_management_of_The_Walt_Disney_Company=List of management of The Walt Disney Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGC-1=TGC-1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_Foods=Heron Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_Jockey_Club=Maryland Jockey Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axios_Systems=Axios Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net4Mobility=Net4Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSM_(business)=HSM (business)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCC_Education=NCC Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirates_Flight_Catering=Emirates Flight Catering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Votorantim_Group=Votorantim Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apparel_2000=Apparel 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robotics_Design_Inc=Robotics Design Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EQAL=EQAL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_Group_Sales_India=Volkswagen Group Sales India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDermott_International=McDermott International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassy_Row_(production_company)=Embassy Row (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusion_Labs=Illusion Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabra_(company)=Sabra (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Aviation_Industry=Thai Aviation Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panini_Group=Panini Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Institute_of_Hardware_Technology=Indian Institute of Hardware Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Concorde=New Concorde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian_Shipbuilding_Industry_Company=Dalian Shipbuilding Industry Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yokohama_Specie_Bank=Yokohama Specie Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FontShop_International=FontShop International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_Aerospace=Eclipse Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay_&_Paper_Theatre=Clay & Paper Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vista_Entertainment_Solutions=Vista Entertainment Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Philatelic_Corporation=China National Philatelic Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinduicheng_Molybdenum=Jinduicheng Molybdenum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webicina=Webicina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B2Blogger.com=B2Blogger.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NoShame=NoShame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Academy_of_Songwriters,_Composers_and_Authors=British Academy of Songwriters, Composers and Authors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognita=Cognita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terapia_Ranbaxy=Terapia Ranbaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asegarce=Asegarce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASPE_(Basque_pelota)=ASPE (Basque pelota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DISA_(company)=DISA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashneft=Bashneft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BreakThru_Films=BreakThru Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borro=Borro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danubius_Hotels_Group=Danubius Hotels Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messaging_Architects=Messaging Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INTO_Queen's_University_Belfast=INTO Queen's University Belfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnolia_Ice_Cream=Magnolia Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Officials=Island Officials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_(shipping_company)=Alien (shipping company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confounding_Factor_(games_company)=Confounding Factor (games company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Software_Rating_Association=Entertainment Software Rating Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypermarcas=Hypermarcas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knauf_Insulation=Knauf Insulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkhahn=Wilkhahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabah_Gas_Industries=Sabah Gas Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeskSite=DeskSite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Innovators_for_Patent_Reform=American Innovators for Patent Reform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakuntalam_Telefilms=Shakuntalam Telefilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Group_Index=Target Group Index
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penway=Penway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buildbase=Buildbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DGenerate_Films=DGenerate Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scout_Productions=Scout Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.James_Glass_&_Aluminium=G.James Glass & Aluminium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bien_Viet_Securities=Bien Viet Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_Entertainment=Cube Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Hospitals_Group=Global Hospitals Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purecircle=Purecircle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalgamated_Advertising=Amalgamated Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IWantGreatCare=IWantGreatCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSN=OSN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_(clothing)=Vanity (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTEK_Dniproenergo=DTEK Dniproenergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runnymede_Farm=Runnymede Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JEDA_Technologies=JEDA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Catalyst_Partners=General Catalyst Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EUnet_(Serbia)=EUnet (Serbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komplot_Design=Komplot Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoworx=Echoworx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBS_Contents_Hub=SBS Contents Hub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NDOORS_Corporation=NDOORS Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McTay_Marine=McTay Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitech_Group=Unitech Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Anglers=Scientific Anglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linode=Linode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altra_Industrial_Motion=Altra Industrial Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guthrie's=Guthrie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_to_We=Me to We
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Water_&_Electric_Board=Eugene Water & Electric Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofradir=Sofradir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roy's=Roy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novus_International=Novus International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Section23_Films=Section23 Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromcom=Bromcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_Urja_Vikas_Nigam=Gujarat Urja Vikas Nigam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakshin_Gujarat_Vij_Company=Dakshin Gujarat Vij Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhya_Gujarat_Vij=Madhya Gujarat Vij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paschim_Gujarat_Vij=Paschim Gujarat Vij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Hunted=We Are Hunted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_James=Mills James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_BioLabs=Cleveland BioLabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaillancourt_Folk_Art=Vaillancourt Folk Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashley_Furniture_HomeStores=Ashley Furniture HomeStores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Due_North_Communications=Due North Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeyondTrust=BeyondTrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowles_Hollowell_Connor_&_Co.=Bowles Hollowell Connor & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Green_Construction=Baltimore Green Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norm_Thompson_Outfitters=Norm Thompson Outfitters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRNlive=GRNlive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malvern_House_College=Malvern House College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vecchi_Editore=Vecchi Editore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn2us=Turn2us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPC_(A_Premier_Farnell_Company)=CPC (A Premier Farnell Company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motek=Motek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Shepherd_Productions=Electric Shepherd Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3ality_Technica=3ality Technica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gezhouba_Group=Gezhouba Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDology=IDology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSOL=JSOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakvere_Lihakombinaat=Rakvere Lihakombinaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Retail_Group=Ford Retail Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grundig_Business_Systems=Grundig Business Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Tallinn=Port of Tallinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transonic_Combustion=Transonic Combustion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loeb,_Rhoades_&_Co.=Loeb, Rhoades & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dainippon_Sumitomo_Pharma=Dainippon Sumitomo Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redspot_Car_Rentals=Redspot Car Rentals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minwax=Minwax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sage_MicrOpay=Sage MicrOpay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner_&_Eddy=Skinner & Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footagevault=Footagevault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_De_Nul=Jan De Nul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxlab_Cinemas_and_Entertainments=Maxlab Cinemas and Entertainments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NexTier_Bank=NexTier Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_of_Fortune=Student of Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tech_Coast_Angels=Tech Coast Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_Design=Dow Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projac=Projac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Bay_Brewing_Company=Boundary Bay Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinhan_BNP_Paribas_Asset_Management=Shinhan BNP Paribas Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OGX=OGX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottage_Industries_Exposition_Limited=Cottage Industries Exposition Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Grill_&_Wings=Hurricane Grill & Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talascend=Talascend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAPTV=LAPTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Canyon_Brewing_Company=Devil's Canyon Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TM4=TM4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberostar_Hotels_&_Resorts=Iberostar Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorious_Property_Holdings=Glorious Property Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_Crafter=The Game Crafter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocar=Rocar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vishesh_Films=Vishesh Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Predictive_Technologies=Applied Predictive Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lamont_&_Co=James Lamont & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamnica_(company)=Jamnica (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widex=Widex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalydo=Kalydo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droga5=Droga5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Center_for_Regenerative_Medicine=National Center for Regenerative Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lava_Lake_Land_&_Livestock=Lava Lake Land & Livestock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Harbors=Clean Harbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Brothers=Justice Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randox_Laboratories=Randox Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojusekspertisa=Sojusekspertisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurofins_Scientific=Eurofins Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asiaep=Asiaep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Data_Systems=Electronic Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lightstone_Group=The Lightstone Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excelan=Excelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Philadelphia_Coalition_Against_Hunger=Greater Philadelphia Coalition Against Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protyre=Protyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxbury_News=Roxbury News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontoprise_GmbH=Ontoprise GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DG_(company)=DG (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trands=Trands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altarum_Institute=Altarum Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantech_Wireless=Pantech Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Housing_Development_Company=Tata Housing Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proxim_(pharmacy)=Proxim (pharmacy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Precision_Products=Sumitomo Precision Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlight_Electronics=Everlight Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutter_Hill_Ventures=Sutter Hill Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Europe=Hughes Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Sons=Wilson, Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_Musical_Instruments=Cannonball Musical Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterDigital=InterDigital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giffgaff=Giffgaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beltone=Beltone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ex-Boyfriend=Ex-Boyfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daytop=Daytop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avid_Aircraft=Avid Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Financial_Exchange=Tokyo Financial Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_India=BMW India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.u.=G.u.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topray_Solar=Topray Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motors_Liquidation_Company=Motors Liquidation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freemans=Freemans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grattan_plc=Grattan plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Santander-Chile=Banco Santander-Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker_Ramo_Corporation=Bunker Ramo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Technologies=Executive Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimaran_Capital_Partners=Trimaran Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ameri-Cana_Ultralights=Ameri-Cana Ultralights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_B_Skateboards=Plan B Skateboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MakerBot_Industries=MakerBot Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richtree_Market=Richtree Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Patterson_Y&R=George Patterson Y&R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Environmental_Center=Community Environmental Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intenium=Intenium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarraffas_Coffee=Zarraffas Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_College_of_Physicians_and_Surgeons=Alberta College of Physicians and Surgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BC_Pension_Corporation=BC Pension Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoyaltyOne=LoyaltyOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualtrics=Qualtrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sammy's_Pizza=Sammy's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CT&T_United=CT&T United
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-City_Medical_Center=Tri-City Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natrona_Bottling_Company=Natrona Bottling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Van=Art Van
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AntiGravity,_Inc=AntiGravity, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Class_Action_Fairness=Center for Class Action Fairness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheaton_World_Wide_Moving=Wheaton World Wide Moving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_(Loudspeaker)=Gale (Loudspeaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_&_Imray=Abel & Imray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apogee_Electronics=Apogee Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O_Networks=H2O Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Motorcycle_Company=Titan Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans_Lager_and_Ale_Brewing_Company=New Orleans Lager and Ale Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleplan=Teleplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G4S_Secure_Solutions_d.o.o.=G4S Secure Solutions d.o.o.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRC_Inc.=SRC Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechOperators=TechOperators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sescoi=Sescoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Integration=Phoenix Integration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forum_for_International_Trade_Training=Forum for International Trade Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CMPC_(company)=CMPC (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadbhav_Engineering_Limited=Sadbhav Engineering Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axial_Biotech=Axial Biotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicony_Electronics=Chicony Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alworths=Alworths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_Media_Studios=Experience Media Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD-adapco=CD-adapco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_(company)=Sweet (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exor_(company)=Exor (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Corporation=AT&T Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citysocializer=Citysocializer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CubeCity_Entertainment=CubeCity Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Electric_System_Operator=Alberta Electric System Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_TV=Claro TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_Vision=Liverpool Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_Bus=Custom Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Disch_Solar_Architecture=Rolf Disch Solar Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madara_Cosmetics=Madara Cosmetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norport_Handling=Norport Handling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Waterways=European Waterways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airdrome_Aeroplanes=Airdrome Aeroplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazprom_Germania=Gazprom Germania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_For_People=Water For People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPC_Nederland=UPC Nederland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeopleFinders.com=PeopleFinders.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZTV_(Japan)=ZTV (Japan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle-Ear=Miracle-Ear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minyard_Food_Stores=Minyard Food Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Shipyards=Israel Shipyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quivira_Mining_Corporation=Quivira Mining Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TTPost=TTPost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klopfenstein's=Klopfenstein's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaavo=Kaavo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtus_Investment_Partners=Virtus Investment Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FeONIC=FeONIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mectron=Mectron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archipelago_Learning=Archipelago Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens_Telephone_Cooperative=Citizens Telephone Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosling_Brothers=Gosling Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_(original)=Viacom (original)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Fashions=Aurora Fashions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Youth_Channels=All Youth Channels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company_(India)=The Walt Disney Company (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_International_India=Turner International India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privatization_Board_of_Turkey=Privatization Board of Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carole_Nash=Carole Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draper_Richards=Draper Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2O_Wireless=H2O Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naya_Waters=Naya Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inversiones_Aguas_Metropolitanas=Inversiones Aguas Metropolitanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Align_Aerospace=Align Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightyear_Entertainment=Lightyear Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebAssist=WebAssist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_Glory_Publishing=Ever Glory Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Point_Press=Sharp Point Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libre_Publishing=Libre Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerTech_Information_Systems=PowerTech Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceland_Wedding_Chapel=Graceland Wedding Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Tanker_Company=British Tanker Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malabar_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences=Malabar Institute of Medical Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tek-Tools_Software=Tek-Tools Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmklik=Filmklik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverstone_Holdings=Riverstone Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konk_(recording_studio)=Konk (recording studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodien_Internet_Solutions=Vodien Internet Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neobus_(Serbia)=Neobus (Serbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hetherington_&_Sons=John Hetherington & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Jonas=Carter Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer_Company=Kramer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Polar=La Polar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeco=Madeco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuccessFactors=SuccessFactors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textile_Machinery_Makers_Ltd=Textile Machinery Makers Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stampen_Group=Stampen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_Equity_Partners=Leeds Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adify=Adify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IM_Global=IM Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Digital_Alliance=Australian Digital Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluetongue_Brewery=Bluetongue Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEB_Venture_Capital=SEB Venture Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Chemical_Industries_Limited=Quality Chemical Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Reserve=Home Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tournament.com=Tournament.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packers_Plus_Energy_Services=Packers Plus Energy Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verisk_Analytics=Verisk Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LumiQuest=LumiQuest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provida=Provida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAP4=RAP4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YugoRosGaz=YugoRosGaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaiam_Vivendi_Entertainment=Gaiam Vivendi Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Walls_of_America=Superior Walls of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polychrome_Pictures=Polychrome Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Segal_Group=The Segal Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosphorus_Gaz_Corporation=Bosphorus Gaz Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventory_Locator_Service=Inventory Locator Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Toast_Music=Black Toast Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vemex=Vemex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asa_Lees=Asa Lees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SalfaCorp=SalfaCorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Ovarian_Cancer_Alliance=Wisconsin Ovarian Cancer Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optilan=Optilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tornante_Company=The Tornante Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobson_&_Barlow=Dobson & Barlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterworth_&_Dickinson=Butterworth & Dickinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celemony=Celemony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigdo_Koppers=Sigdo Koppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SM-Chile=SM-Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradigm_Talent_Agency=Paradigm Talent Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_&_Doxey=Brooks & Doxey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VectorCell=VectorCell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoundView_Technology_Group=SoundView Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarEdge=SolarEdge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visonic=Visonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_Entertainment=Evolution Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy_Amies=Hardy Amies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maliban_Biscuit_Manufactories_Limited=Maliban Biscuit Manufactories Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDT_da_Anhanguera=CDT da Anhanguera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faraday_(company)=Faraday (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Wales=Media Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimmee_Jimmy's_Cookies=Gimmee Jimmy's Cookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepperl+Fuchs=Pepperl+Fuchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denholm_&_McKay=Denholm & McKay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetManage=NetManage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehren=Lehren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Hibbert_(manufacturer)=Joseph Hibbert (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dar_Al-Arkan_Real_Estate_Development_Company=Dar Al-Arkan Real Estate Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Steps_from_Hell=Two Steps from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeakBiety_Branding_+_Advertising=PeakBiety Branding + Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McRoskey_Mattress_Company=McRoskey Mattress Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_World_Entertainment=Perfect World Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_North_America=Telecom North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_(automobile)=Mitchell (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilt_Groupe=Gilt Groupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OutStart,_Inc.=OutStart, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atletica=Atletica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Light_International_(Holdings)_Ltd.=Early Light International (Holdings) Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Garage=Willow Garage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMEIC=TMEIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Lang_&_Co=Taylor, Lang & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Medical_Group=Premier Medical Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossgate_AG=Crossgate AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plex_Systems=Plex Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxon_Motor=Maxon Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korth=Korth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Hand_Brewing_Company=Left Hand Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelledox=Intelledox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synova_Capital=Synova Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victorian_Health_Promotion_Foundation=Victorian Health Promotion Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Redoute=La Redoute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xsens=Xsens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessing_the_Children_International=Blessing the Children International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshpair=Freshpair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donghia=Donghia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Beauty_Holdings=Sally Beauty Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Rapids_Distribution=Big Rapids Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_City_Distribution=Capital City Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overgas=Overgas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Renaissance_Pictures=New Renaissance Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_dive_(company)=Stage dive (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educaedu=Educaedu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-go=Q-go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_McCombs_Media=Red McCombs Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monami=Monami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Energy_Conservation=Portland Energy Conservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Sensor=System Sensor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Security_Bank=First Security Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrabenderCox=BrabenderCox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coromandel_International=Coromandel International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennaway_Fine_Art_Guild=Kennaway Fine Art Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinduja_Global_Solutions_Limited=Hinduja Global Solutions Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HLW_International=HLW International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InfoPark_Thrissur=InfoPark Thrissur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_Roncalli=Circus Roncalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Module_Industries=Control Module Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PearC=PearC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Non-GMO_Project=The Non-GMO Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Motor_India_Limited=Hyundai Motor India Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chevrolet_Sales_India_Private_Limited=Chevrolet Sales India Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temperino=Temperino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sable_Systems=Sable Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Learning_Center=Huntington Learning Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Size_Five_Games=Size Five Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BayWa=BayWa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Kingdom=Bird Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiducation=Aiducation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannonside_Northern_Sound=Shannonside Northern Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_European_Gas_Hub=Central European Gas Hub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Networks=Hercules Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloft_Hotels=Aloft Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Flying_Products=Fisher Flying Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sui_Northern_Gas_Pipelines_Limited=Sui Northern Gas Pipelines Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wani_Books=Wani Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applause_(toy_company)=Applause (toy company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Trains=USA Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_Corporation_of_India=Uranium Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unisto=Unisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teufel_(manufacturer)=Teufel (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormat_Industries=Ormat Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamison_International=Jamison International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Guild_of_Applied_Art=Bristol Guild of Applied Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karadi_Tales=Karadi Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayflower_Corporation=Mayflower Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukosol_Group=Sukosol Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Bates_Pancreatic_Cancer_Research_Fund=Ralph Bates Pancreatic Cancer Research Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNASTAR=DNASTAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Type_A_Films=Type A Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surplus_Record_Machinery_&_Equipment_Directory=Surplus Record Machinery & Equipment Directory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetDocuments=NetDocuments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchnote=Touchnote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Infrastructure_Partners=Global Infrastructure Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I-Free=I-Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forship=Forship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeves_and_Sons=Reeves and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digitally_Imported=Digitally Imported
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raum_Energy_Inc.=Raum Energy Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_TV=Fresh TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essenden=Essenden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Metallic_Cartridge_Company=Union Metallic Cartridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travel_Corporation=The Travel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Counsel_Law_Center=Public Counsel Law Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice-Pick_Lodge=Ice-Pick Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gocompare.com=Gocompare.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SHARE_cancer_support=SHARE cancer support
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Dental=Aspen Dental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyas=Dyas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coraid,_Inc.=Coraid, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DotNetNuke_Corporation=DotNetNuke Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daiwa_House=Daiwa House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekisui_House=Sekisui House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronto_Software=Pronto Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro-Mark=Pro-Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veon,_Kopp_and_Associates=Veon, Kopp and Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerr_&_Co=Kerr & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZL_Technologies=ZL Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SwissDisk=SwissDisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amitabh_Bachchan_Corporation=Amitabh Bachchan Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinstorm=Pinstorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Nash=Harvey Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EA_Singapore=EA Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moss_&_Associates=Moss & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survey_Sampling_International=Survey Sampling International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strikeiron=Strikeiron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreakingNews=FreakingNews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Abbett=Lord Abbett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrity_Fitness=Celebrity Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legoland_Discovery_Centre=Legoland Discovery Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuroPark=EuroPark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acromas_Holdings=Acromas Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazprom_Transgaz_Belarus=Gazprom Transgaz Belarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedevita=Cedevita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlee_Partners=Greenlee Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susquehanna_Polling_&_Research=Susquehanna Polling & Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._R._Bard=C. R. Bard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Beverages=Phoenix Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeGrocer=HomeGrocer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triad_Strategies=Triad Strategies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Dart_Steamboat_Co_Ltd=River Dart Steamboat Co Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._R._Wojdak_&_Associates=S. R. Wojdak & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4A_Games=4A Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClockStone_Software=ClockStone Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katha_Books=Katha Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yota=Yota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfords_Autocentre=Halfords Autocentre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADINA=ADINA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organized_Living=Organized Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travco_Group=Travco Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eduventures=Eduventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godiva_Fire_Pumps=Godiva Fire Pumps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking_Pictures=Thinking Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scooter_Store=Scooter Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiess_Contractors_Indonesia=Thiess Contractors Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanbreda_International=Vanbreda International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Health=Daisy Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teliris=Teliris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Science_Career=My Science Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railinc_Corporation=Railinc Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernest_Hillier_Chocolates=Ernest Hillier Chocolates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventana_Wildlife_Society=Ventana Wildlife Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISTA_Pharmaceuticals=ISTA Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Fighter_Team=Super Fighter Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katha_NGO=Katha NGO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multi_Screen_Media=Multi Screen Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahma_Vision_Private_Limited=Brahma Vision Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storables=Storables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honestech=Honestech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Manufacturing=Critical Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max-A=Max-A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OmNovia_Technologies=OmNovia Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniCare=UniCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Naked,_Inc.=Bear Naked, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Element_Markets=Element Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entel_Bolivia=Entel Bolivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ting_Hsin_International_Group=Ting Hsin International Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LSS_Data_Systems=LSS Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadever=Jadever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guotai_Junan_Futures=Guotai Junan Futures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeST_Gliders=TeST Gliders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egger_(company)=Egger (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holzindustrie_Schweighofer=Holzindustrie Schweighofer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronospan=Kronospan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Enterprise_Assistance_Funds=Small Enterprise Assistance Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knutsen_O.A.S._Shipping_AS=Knutsen O.A.S. Shipping AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Everything_(store)=Hold Everything (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Condor=Red Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantapoint=Quantapoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecycler=Ecycler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grainger_Games=Grainger Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spunk_Video=Spunk Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BGR_Capital_&_Trade=BGR Capital & Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore,_Inc.=Encore, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Saxon_&_Co=George Saxon & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3PD,_Inc.=3PD, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendome_Group=Vendome Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specimen_Products=Specimen Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSE_Renewables=SSE Renewables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Electronics=Central Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Washington_Observatory=Mount Washington Observatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_House_(company)=First House (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integration_Objects=Integration Objects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigle_Networks=Gigle Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Comics=Apple Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BATM_Advanced_Communications=BATM Advanced Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virage_Logic=Virage Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MODEC=MODEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_Rail=Avalon Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Bank_(Sri_Lanka)=People's Bank (Sri Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinrea=Martinrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Savings_Bank_(Sri_Lanka)=National Savings Bank (Sri Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severn_Link=Severn Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolstenhulmes_&_Rye=Woolstenhulmes & Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urmson_&_Thompson=Urmson & Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_University_Community_Radio=Delhi University Community Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atari,_SA=Atari, SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSC_Transmash=JSC Transmash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omsktransmash=Omsktransmash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Book_Store=National Book Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperSport_Albania=SuperSport Albania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarc=Belarc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckley_&_Taylor=Buckley & Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine_to_Water=Wine to Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natuzzi=Natuzzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauna_Kea_Technologies=Mauna Kea Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Disc=Twin Disc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varrak=Varrak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonda_S.A.=Sonda S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSAV=CSAV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unidad_Editorial=Unidad Editorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CaptiveAire_Systems=CaptiveAire Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someoddpilot=Someoddpilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNR_Dalian=CNR Dalian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithium_Corporation_of_America=Lithium Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Policy_Polling=Public Policy Polling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Theatres=Australian Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Excellence_in_Mining_Innovation=Centre for Excellence in Mining Innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telehouse_America=Telehouse America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spec's_Music=Spec's Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Nevada=Franco-Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edenor=Edenor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travian_Games=Travian Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addictive_Games=Addictive Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M2_(game_developer)=M2 (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socovesa=Socovesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romain_Gauthier=Romain Gauthier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directly_Operated_Railways=Directly Operated Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zauber=Zauber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheetah_Vision=Cheetah Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preshafood=Preshafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyochon=Kyochon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mity-Lite=Mity-Lite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astonfield=Astonfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Wood_Partnership=Elliott Wood Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_Hawksmere=Kaplan Hawksmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banesco=Banesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin_Network=Merlin Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdvisorShares=AdvisorShares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InkStop=InkStop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthmine=Earthmine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Target=Action Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calderys=Calderys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harzwasserwerke=Harzwasserwerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdstep_Technology=Birdstep Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astraweb=Astraweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanism_Digital=Mechanism Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DniproVagonMash=DniproVagonMash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levain_Bakery=Levain Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpina_Productos_Alimenticios=Alpina Productos Alimenticios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Technology_Associates,_Inc.=Global Technology Associates, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikopol_Ferroalloy_Plant=Nikopol Ferroalloy Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_&_Two_Pictures=Five & Two Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lankacom=Lankacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amiando=Amiando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bear_Diner=Black Bear Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoFluent_Design=CoFluent Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corimon=Corimon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envases_Venezolanos=Envases Venezolanos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graff_Diamonds=Graff Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.L._Boulton=H.L. Boulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrias_Vassallo=Industrias Vassallo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_Health_&_Fitness=Icon Health & Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_Group=Gemini Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossner_Foods=Gossner Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercat_Fast_Ferry_Corporation=Supercat Fast Ferry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaserMotive=LaserMotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MANPA=MANPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantex=Mantex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankai=Ankai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dockwise=Dockwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoegaarden_Brewery=Hoegaarden Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyLife=MyLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Booksellers=Collins Booksellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RHI_AG=RHI AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnage_UK=Carnage UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_Life_Group=Friends Life Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PocketBook_International=PocketBook International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaeguTec=TaeguTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CLECO=CLECO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transitional_Learning_Center=Transitional Learning Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacsafe=Pacsafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuwairqi_Steel_Mills=Tuwairqi Steel Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EUCOPE=EUCOPE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abound_Solar=Abound Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Security_Alliance=Internet Security Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribsoft=Tribsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Brass_and_Copper_Company=Chase Brass and Copper Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_Hughes_Goodman=Dixon Hughes Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leica_Microsystems=Leica Microsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lok'nStore=Lok'nStore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacada=Jacada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdMob=AdMob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUI_Cruises=TUI Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhn's_Quality_Foods=Kuhn's Quality Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avantha_Group=Avantha Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Price=Mr. Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pep_(store)=Pep (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michels_Corporation=Michels Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_General_Accountants_of_Ontario=Certified General Accountants of Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_(supermarket)=Norma (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Stone_Forum=English Stone Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veveo=Veveo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adelphi_Films=Adelphi Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JGC_Corporation=JGC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundarch=Roundarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franches-Montagnes_Brewery=Franches-Montagnes Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Petite_Boulangerie=La Petite Boulangerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outward_Bound_Australia=Outward Bound Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteor_Zavod=Meteor Zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diler_&_Associados=Diler & Associados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERT_(company)=ERT (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_J._Sluka=Wilhelm J. Sluka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Housing_Finance_Agency=Vermont Housing Finance Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendormate=Vendormate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGuff_Companies=McGuff Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanning_Elektro-Werke=Hanning Elektro-Werke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperio_Properties=Imperio Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Radio=Rogers Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_Technical_Associates=Los Alamos Technical Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Pictures=Eternal Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salam_International_Investment_Limited=Salam International Investment Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seraphim_Digital=Seraphim Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agroindustrial_Pomalca=Agroindustrial Pomalca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willys=Willys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikogo=Mikogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arig=Arig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globalscape=Globalscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Publishers_Cooperative=Korean Publishers Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Fincham=George Fincham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amano_Artisan_Chocolate=Amano Artisan Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPG_Corporation=CPG Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Broadcasting_System_Television=Tokyo Broadcasting System Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterExec=InterExec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uninor=Uninor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moogo=Moogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Booth=The Movie Booth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decon=Decon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFH_Network=DFH Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safilo=Safilo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_(automobile)=Smart (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underneath.com=Underneath.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecan=Tecan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrera_Sunglasses=Carrera Sunglasses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Linen=Pacific Linen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FenceSitter_Films=FenceSitter Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Streetcar=United Streetcar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Power_Conversion=GE Power Conversion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIDERPERU=SIDERPERU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abercrombie_&_Kent=Abercrombie & Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andahuasi=Andahuasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findwell=Findwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbingdon_Music_Research=Abbingdon Music Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acotel_Group=Acotel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fieldglass=Fieldglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galen_Partners=Galen Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elron_Electronic_Industries=Elron Electronic Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Reports=Music Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Western_Arms_Company=Great Western Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centurion_(bicycle)=Centurion (bicycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Brands=Tiger Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenaventura_(mining_company)=Buenaventura (mining company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candente_Copper=Candente Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_Films=Icon Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERKE_(brand)=ERKE (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agroindustrial_Casa_Grande=Agroindustrial Casa Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeoGeo=WeoGeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siren_Visual=Siren Visual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T.O_Entertainment=T.O Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Talk_Productions=Big Talk Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aculab=Aculab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOA_Corporation=KOA Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empresaria_Group=Empresaria Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Verde=Cerro Verde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_Iron_Works=Puerto Rico Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Soup_Company=Campbell Soup Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baystate_Health=Baystate Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Manufacturing_and_Packaging=American Manufacturing and Packaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DLT_Solutions=DLT Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Hempsters=Merry Hempsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorensen_Gross_Construction_Company=Sorensen Gross Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalge_Company=Nalge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_HON_Company=The HON Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explosia_a.s.=Explosia a.s.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octapharma=Octapharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NearMap=NearMap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_Interactive=Cube Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostfire_Games=Ghostfire Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbooks=Wilbooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intevac=Intevac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calon_(TV_production_company)=Calon (TV production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herlitz=Herlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic-ACM=Atlantic-ACM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colcci=Colcci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferreyros=Ferreyros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flightstar_Sportplanes=Flightstar Sportplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intergroup_Financial_Services=Intergroup Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sledgehammer_Games=Sledgehammer Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tornado_Studios=Tornado Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realistic_(brand)=Realistic (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmailer=Dmailer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Express_Corporation=Galaxy Express Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine's_Own_Organic_Milk_Company=Maine's Own Organic Milk Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Time_Race=Real Time Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyma_Watches=Cyma Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magpul_Industries=Magpul Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Network_Entertainment=Open Network Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Media=Asia Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITYpeek=CITYpeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pos_Indonesia=Pos Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_Labs=Undead Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woopra=Woopra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebu_Global=Nebu Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dsign_Music=Dsign Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamstime=Dreamstime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Flavors=Wild Flavors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dime_Savings_Bank_of_New_York=Dime Savings Bank of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Assets=Working Assets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamfarm=Dreamfarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havells=Havells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Research_Organization,_Volcani_Center=Agricultural Research Organization, Volcani Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Rubicon=Blue Rubicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaranty_Bank_FSB=Guaranty Bank FSB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsur=Minsur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindcrest=Mindcrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Systems=Park Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hays_Travel=Hays Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Regional_Information_System_for_our_Patients=Chesapeake Regional Information System for our Patients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videocon_Telecom=Videocon Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cembrit=Cembrit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flexirent=Flexirent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAK_Ceramics=RAK Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponce_Cement,_Inc.=Ponce Cement, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumba=Zumba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aabar_Investments=Aabar Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argon_18=Argon 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Art_World=One Art World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HOSFU=HOSFU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peer_Media_Technologies=Peer Media Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Arch_Entertainment=Peace Arch Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Headline_News=All Headline News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuoka-Kitakyushu_Expressway_Public_Corporation=Fukuoka-Kitakyushu Expressway Public Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVS_Comunicaciones=MVS Comunicaciones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Labs=Silicon Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protect-A-Bed=Protect-A-Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Central_Florida_Chapter_of_NIGP=North Central Florida Chapter of NIGP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Professional_Sales_Association=Canadian Professional Sales Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systancia=Systancia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountain_Brewery=Blue Mountain Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainpower=Rainpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coles_Online=Coles Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raz-Lee=Raz-Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Time_Communication=Kill Time Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plexus_Consulting_Group=Plexus Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Cargo=Veolia Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Brooks,_Day_&_Son=Vincent Brooks, Day & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europorte_Channel=Europorte Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Mini-Max=Team Mini-Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau's_All_Natural_Brewing_Company=Beau's All Natural Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Base_(company)=Base (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G2R=G2R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisoo=Eisoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotswold_Heritage=Cotswold Heritage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TagAZ=TagAZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaWorld_Entertainment=SeaWorld Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persystent_Software=Persystent Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrall=Intrall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strata_(company)=Strata (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspirus_Medford_Hospital=Aspirus Medford Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaserBand=LaserBand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaworld_Corporation=Megaworld Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_International=Aston International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Art_Therapy_Association=American Art Therapy Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_SecureWorks=Dell SecureWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boller_and_Chivens=Boller and Chivens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyNewPlace=MyNewPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Front_Games=United Front Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zmanda=Zmanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uster_Technologies=Uster Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penfield_Outdoor_Apparel=Penfield Outdoor Apparel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujitsu_Computer_Products_of_America=Fujitsu Computer Products of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skiff_(company)=Skiff (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Mike's_Pizza=Mountain Mike's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Foods=Bruce Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somaca=Somaca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiberhome_Networks=Fiberhome Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YG_Entertainment=YG Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toymaster=Toymaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vringo=Vringo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katoen_Natie=Katoen Natie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin_Fisher=Corbin Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractebel=Tractebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeoplesTel=PeoplesTel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Zerega's_Sons,_Inc.=A. Zerega's Sons, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Askam_(trucks)=Askam (trucks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tervela=Tervela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setcom_Corporation=Setcom Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_&_Allison=Allison & Allison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fight_Club=The Fight Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randa_Accessories=Randa Accessories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reksoft=Reksoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Island_Plantation=Amelia Island Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Plant_Inc.=Bud Plant Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lactalis=Lactalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Axis_(studio)=Radical Axis (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Media/Irjax=New Media/Irjax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadano_Limited=Tadano Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton_and_East_Surrey_Water=Sutton and East Surrey Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Tennessee_Development_District=Southwest Tennessee Development District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrotramviaria=Ferrotramviaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santander_UK=Santander UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molina_Healthcare=Molina Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Gaming_Media=Active Gaming Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PathGuide_Technologies=PathGuide Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baskin-Robbins_Australia=Baskin-Robbins Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantos_Logistics=Pantos Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohenstein_Institute=Hohenstein Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaidyaratnam_Oushadhasala=Vaidyaratnam Oushadhasala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Brien_&_Gere=O'Brien & Gere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oushadhi=Oushadhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRAM_plc=NRAM plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVX_Corporation=AVX Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomdizzle=Boomdizzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Abraham_Entertainment=John Abraham Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spear_&_Jackson=Spear & Jackson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past-Time_Rail=Past-Time Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquila_racing_cars=Aquila racing cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windward_Reports=Windward Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Shoes=Liberty Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net_Applications=Net Applications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cater_Allen=Cater Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zensho=Zensho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauck=Tauck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Keith's_I_Love_This_Bar_&_Grill=Toby Keith's I Love This Bar & Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GungHo_Online_Entertainment=GungHo Online Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Flix_Entertainment=Pure Flix Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoubleTap_Games=DoubleTap Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMG_Rights_Management=BMG Rights Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christensen_Shipyards=Christensen Shipyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heil_Environmental_Industries=Heil Environmental Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverbrooks=Beaverbrooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_Co.,_Ltd=Art Co., Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CooperationWorks!=CooperationWorks!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semichem=Semichem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_ESSEC=Junior ESSEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefront.com=Battlefront.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooperative_Development_Foundation=Cooperative Development Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smule=Smule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Quebec=Ubisoft Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_Mobile=Wind Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garney_Holding_Company=Garney Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saki_Corporation=Saki Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1Malaysia_Development_Berhad=1Malaysia Development Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimecast=Mimecast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venmyn_Rand=Venmyn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlumberger_SEED=Schlumberger SEED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motilal_Oswal_Group=Motilal Oswal Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDBI_Federal_Life_Insurance=IDBI Federal Life Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramco-Gershenson_Properties_Trust=Ramco-Gershenson Properties Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severin_Films=Severin Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Overseas_Engineering_Group=China Overseas Engineering Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegatron=Pegatron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilisk_Games=Basilisk Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.K.Bennett=L.K.Bennett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anantara_Hotels,_Resorts_&_Spas=Anantara Hotels, Resorts & Spas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Inc.=Being Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOTRA=KOTRA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedBid=FedBid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrapeCity=GrapeCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Intelligence_Wire=America's Intelligence Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suvudu=Suvudu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviareps=Aviareps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granules_India_Limited=Granules India Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genii_Capital=Genii Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Switch_(beverage)=The Switch (beverage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAT_Industries,_LLC=MAT Industries, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Institute_of_Life_Sciences=Reliance Institute of Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punch_Bowl,_Mayfair=The Punch Bowl, Mayfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Asia_Shipping_Lines=Trans-Asia Shipping Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Publishing=Key Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Genius=TV Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Wales=Bank of Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Digital_Broadcast=Advanced Digital Broadcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indaba_Music=Indaba Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Book=Le Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cenovus_Energy=Cenovus Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorkingPoint=WorkingPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Salmon=Kurt Salmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_B.yond=Astro B.yond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVS_Scooty=TVS Scooty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closed_GmbH=Closed GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaypee_Group=Jaypee Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperValue=SuperValue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sezmi=Sezmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMF_Group=TMF Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FBT_(company)=FBT (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impellam_Group=Impellam Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NedTrain=NedTrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indramat=Indramat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Aviation_Technologies=Carter Aviation Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CineMAX=CineMAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balconi=Balconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezzetta=Mezzetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAG_Ventures=DAG Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_C.J._Walker_Manufacturing_Company=Madame C.J. Walker Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volfas_Engelman=Volfas Engelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ness_Technologies=Ness Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinney_(advertising_agency)=McKinney (advertising agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snarkitecture=Snarkitecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGi=PGi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avax_Technologies=Avax Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanita_Design=Amanita Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Aircraft_Corporation=Globe Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAS_Laboratories=UAS Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maharashtra_Knowledge_Corporation=Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comat_Technologies=Comat Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Records_(Philippines)=Universal Records (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_(marine_services)=Tidewater (marine services)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACDelco=ACDelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Danielle=Eva Danielle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XOX=XOX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targem_Games=Targem Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bralirwa=Bralirwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECOtality=ECOtality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman_Oil_Marketing_Company=Oman Oil Marketing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acer_Records=Acer Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backflip_Studios=Backflip Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Lee=Addison Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangqi_Honda=Guangqi Honda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XBee=XBee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6GMOBILE=6GMOBILE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradies_Shops=The Paradies Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentrigo=Sentrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himax=Himax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plumrose_USA=Plumrose USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldline_International=Goldline International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Worldwide_Acquisitions=Sony Pictures Worldwide Acquisitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ospina_Coffee_Company=Ospina Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviance_UK=Aviance UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weedmaps=Weedmaps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZF_Wind_Power_Antwerpen=ZF Wind Power Antwerpen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Coat_Systems=Blue Coat Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yash_Raj_Films_International=Yash Raj Films International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucent_Dossier_Experience=Lucent Dossier Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiltern_Radio_Network=Chiltern Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algoma_Foundry_and_Machine_Company=Algoma Foundry and Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wei-Chuan_Food_Corporation=Wei-Chuan Food Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle-Picher=Eagle-Picher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop!_Goes_the_Icon=Pop! Goes the Icon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Nuclear_Fuel=Korea Nuclear Fuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Plant_Service_&_Engineering=Korea Plant Service & Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_International_Arab_Bank=Islamic International Arab Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novatium=Novatium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_American_Language_Institution=Stanford American Language Institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wegener_(company)=Wegener (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laureate_International_Universities=Laureate International Universities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKY_Perfect_JSAT_Corporation=SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JMG_Academy=JMG Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Bicycle_Products=Quality Bicycle Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigChampagne=BigChampagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Paper_Corporation=Allied Paper Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOC_International=AOC International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.W._Thayer_&_Co.=B.W. Thayer & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumol_+_Compal=Sumol + Compal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commcare_Pharmacy=Commcare Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Class_Comics=Alan Class Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagus_International=Sagus International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pultronics=Pultronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DataCore_Software=DataCore Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B2B_CFO=B2B CFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETelecare=ETelecare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movie_Masters_Cinema_Group=The Movie Masters Cinema Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixel_Qi=Pixel Qi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_MotorWorks=Asia MotorWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einstruction=Einstruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonestreet_One=Stonestreet One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Media_City=Jordan Media City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drs._Foster_&_Smith=Drs. Foster & Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tune_Talk=Tune Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pranavam_Arts=Pranavam Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIG_IDEA=BIG IDEA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principal_Hayley_Group=Principal Hayley Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_Data_Research_Associates=Liverpool Data Research Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_Farms=Wish Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoratec=Thoratec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NuScale_Power=NuScale Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabih's_Inc.=Nabih's Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_North_Productions=True North Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Dog_Electronics=Small Dog Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Industrial_Infrastructure=Reliance Industrial Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_(television)=Astro (television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobile_Products_of_India=Automobile Products of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRV_Engenharia=MRV Engenharia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Creek_(restaurant)=Aspen Creek (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauge_Precision_Instruments,_Inc.=Gauge Precision Instruments, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FotoInsight=FotoInsight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PDG_S.A.=PDG S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_African_National_Roads_Agency=South African National Roads Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Font_Bureau=Font Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SM_Hypermarket=SM Hypermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddock_Corporation=Haddock Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exide_Life_Insurance=Exide Life Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_Development_Bank=Bangladesh Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodian_National_Insurance_Company=Cambodian National Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Doux=Groupe Doux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netcomics=Netcomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GV_Florida_Transport=GV Florida Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockheed_Missiles_and_Space_Company=Lockheed Missiles and Space Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technology_Sales_Leads=Technology Sales Leads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnforest=Finnforest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._HealthWorks=U.S. HealthWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akabeisoft2=Akabeisoft2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auralog=Auralog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomzap_Entertainment=Boomzap Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Russia=Renault Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Steakhouse_&_Saloon=Texas Steakhouse & Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_States_Envelope_&_Label=Western States Envelope & Label
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontificia_Fonderia_Marinelli=Pontificia Fonderia Marinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circa_Enterprises=Circa Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustar_Floating_Restaurant=Rustar Floating Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Wear_Foundation=Fair Wear Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogniview=Cogniview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PS_Communication=PS Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biofuels_Center_of_North_Carolina=Biofuels Center of North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_B_Advertising_Agency=Plan B Advertising Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Htoo_Group_of_Companies=Htoo Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Ideas=Sound Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGATE=IGATE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Energy=Atlas Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAQAM=MAQAM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samruk-Kazyna=Samruk-Kazyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Library_Project=The Library Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle-Scoot=Cycle-Scoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADVA_Optical_Networking=ADVA Optical Networking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_and_Clients=Bank and Clients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockos=Cockos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Karma_Brands=Good Karma Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Grooving_&_Grinding_Association=International Grooving & Grinding Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Shelf_Coffee=Top Shelf Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Alliance=Campbell Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JJW_Hotels_&_Resorts=JJW Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Sport_Group=Grand Sport Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LUSFiber=LUSFiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mochida_Pharmaceutical=Mochida Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solera_Holdings=Solera Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yullaby=Yullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQsoft=IQsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Jordan_Iron_Works=East Jordan Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Registries=International Registries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genta_(company)=Genta (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Briad_Group=The Briad Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klein_Tools=Klein Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CatchPlay=CatchPlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Mobile=Free Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCS_(fashion_brand)=MCS (fashion brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videocon_d2h=Videocon d2h
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beats_Electronics=Beats Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnata_Travel_Services=Dnata Travel Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Souza_Cruz=Souza Cruz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SindoPower=SindoPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FD_Mediagroep=FD Mediagroep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameSalad_(company)=GameSalad (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imuraya_Confectionery=Imuraya Confectionery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Fridays=Great Fridays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawamura-ganjavian=Kawamura-ganjavian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openet=Openet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johansfors_Glasbruk=Johansfors Glasbruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexent_Metro_Connect=Lexent Metro Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correos_de_Costa_Rica=Correos de Costa Rica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolve_(professional_wrestling)=Evolve (professional wrestling)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altor_Networks=Altor Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biotronik=Biotronik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_Temperance_Publishing_Association=Woman's Temperance Publishing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Energy_(New_Zealand)=Aurora Energy (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tera_Capital=Tera Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openfield=Openfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alstom_Wind=Alstom Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheinmetall_MAN_Military_Vehicles=Rheinmetall MAN Military Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surface_Combustion=Surface Combustion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trendrr=Trendrr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Group_International=Ocean Group International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari-Finn=Kari-Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vocal_Limited=Vocal Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Television=World Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Care_Property_Investors=Health Care Property Investors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morsam_Fashions=Morsam Fashions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GuideOne_Insurance=GuideOne Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux_Capital=Lux Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVE/ZeBu=EVE/ZeBu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegas_Oil_and_Gas=Vegas Oil and Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourist_Resorts_(Kerala)=Tourist Resorts (Kerala)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layher=Layher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevan_Howard=Brevan Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel's_Organic=Rachel's Organic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Photo_Company=Royal Photo Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensions_Management_Institute=Pensions Management Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maingear=Maingear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blippy=Blippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chegg=Chegg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certify_Data_Systems=Certify Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Financial=Storm Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffstar=Cliffstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Cruise_Line=Crown Cruise Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Minerals_and_Metals=Kerala Minerals and Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transener=Transener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Western_Railway_ships=Great Western Railway ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sociedad_Comercial_del_Plata=Sociedad Comercial del Plata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Music_Awards=The People's Music Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greve_Graphics=Greve Graphics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Vision_Group=New Vision Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Dynamics_ERP=Microsoft Dynamics ERP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Province_Diamonds=Mountain Province Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finisar=Finisar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methanex=Methanex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Islamic_Trade_Finance_Corporation=International Islamic Trade Finance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Sugar=Rogers Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie's=Bernie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_FX_Creative_Studios=Reel FX Creative Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AltaLink=AltaLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koingo_Software=Koingo Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guru_Studio=Guru Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardwalk_Real_Estate_Investment_Trust=Boardwalk Real Estate Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerd_Corps_Entertainment=Nerd Corps Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veresen=Veresen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RiverCity_Motorway=RiverCity Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomium_Culture=Atomium Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annalee_Dolls=Annalee Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powertel_(United_States)=Powertel (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimovsk_Specialized_Ammunition_Plant=Klimovsk Specialized Ammunition Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synergy_School_Radio=Synergy School Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Festi=Studio Festi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mer_group=Mer group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray's_Candy_Store=Ray's Candy Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Ape=Mighty Ape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emami=Emami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channellock=Channellock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MNA_Media=MNA Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austro_Engine=Austro Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SimCraft=SimCraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulip_Telecom=Tulip Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRT_Communications=SRT Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AC_Lens=AC Lens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmD_Essex=AmD Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2K_China=2K China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterCasino=InterCasino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saorview=Saorview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palermo's_Pizza=Palermo's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Head_Burritos=Hot Head Burritos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Winston,_Inc.=Harry Winston, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Allan_Ltd.=Robert Allan Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Comics=Liquid Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_of_Financial_Technologies=Center of Financial Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millar_McCowan=Millar McCowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KiK=KiK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Resources=New World Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Millar_&_Sons=John Millar & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watsonian_Squire=Watsonian Squire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitepages_(company)=Whitepages (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Skye_Comics=Red Skye Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPB_Software=SPB Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BridgeHead_Software=BridgeHead Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatia_osiguranje=Croatia osiguranje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen_Suborbitals=Copenhagen Suborbitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindlight=Blindlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandywine_Productions=Brandywine Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Futtaim_Group=Al-Futtaim Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPIP_SA=IPIP SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatuus=Tatuus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenix_Automotive=Fenix Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICTS_International=ICTS International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NIOCOM=NIOCOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_FX=Boris FX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khatam_al-Anbia=Khatam al-Anbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fox=White Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorda_Therapeutics=Acorda Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handpresso=Handpresso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasterImage_3D=MasterImage 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainbench=Brainbench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_O=Group O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aces_Studio=Aces Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giga_(company)=Giga (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Supermarkets=Times Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VideoCells=VideoCells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCE_Worldwide_Studios=SCE Worldwide Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Tel=S Tel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaze_Europe=Blaze Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Radio=Play Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma_Motors=Sigma Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lilliput_Press=The Lilliput Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Sports_Entertainment=Total Sports Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkswagen_India=Volkswagen India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Renault_Limited=Mahindra Renault Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centriq_Training=Centriq Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears_Seating=Sears Seating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyscraper_Brewing_Company=Skyscraper Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Comics=Eagle Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Oil_(United_States)=Peace Oil (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetCologne=NetCologne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomini=Giacomini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Hilfiger_Corporation=Tommy Hilfiger Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boart_Longyear=Boart Longyear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QCR_Holdings=QCR Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nortrax=Nortrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Wine_&_Spirits=Southern Wine & Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spyker_N.V.=Spyker N.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Dolphin_Energy_Company=Blue Dolphin Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derann=Derann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_System_Development=Nintendo System Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YogaWorks=YogaWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flim_Fest=Flim Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotts_LawnService=Scotts LawnService
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Advocate=Health Advocate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Keystone=Digital Keystone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter-Varsity_Press=Inter-Varsity Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curotek=Curotek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamic_Structures=Dynamic Structures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gapers_Block=Gapers Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_Telecom=Uganda Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopTour_Corporation=TopTour Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goojje=Goojje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euroflorist=Euroflorist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansel_Ltd.=Hansel Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radius_(travel)=Radius (travel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modus_FX=Modus FX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_South_Butt=The South Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics_for_Imaging=Electronics for Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pams_(company)=Pams (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Brothers_and_Company=May Brothers and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian-Oceanian_Computing_Industry_Organization=Asian-Oceanian Computing Industry Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evan_Thomas,_Radcliffe_and_Company=Evan Thomas, Radcliffe and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lava_Lake_Institute_for_Science_and_Conservation=Lava Lake Institute for Science and Conservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmstandard=Pharmstandard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CliftonLarsonAllen=CliftonLarsonAllen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnit=Magnit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_Watches=Zodiac Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantiere_Navale_Visentini=Cantiere Navale Visentini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Nine_Movies=Cloud Nine Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Swordplay_Guild=Chicago Swordplay Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Factory_Concerts=Electric Factory Concerts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elprice=Elprice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosenergo=Mosenergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosseti=Rosseti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Microdistillery=Sacred Microdistillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jatheon_Technologies=Jatheon Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artix_Entertainment=Artix Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levin_Furniture=Levin Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.video=M.video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPIN=OPIN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EqualLogic=EqualLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SupportSave=SupportSave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proto_(tools)=Proto (tools)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymetal_International=Polymetal International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_Youth_Leadership_Center=Bangladesh Youth Leadership Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAHLE_Powertrain=MAHLE Powertrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTV_Studio_B=RTV Studio B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Sun_Limited=African Sun Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EWay=EWay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.B._Dick_Company=A.B. Dick Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runbox=Runbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagem_Wireless=Sagem Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swegon=Swegon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Perkins=Baker Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortis_Healthcare=Fortis Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqris=Aqris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioTek=BioTek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Water_Southeast=Veolia Water Southeast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Water_East=Veolia Water East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvinit=Silvinit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Boy_(brand)=Bad Boy (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobilicity=Mobilicity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RuneSoft=RuneSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calian=Calian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WCG_(firm)=WCG (firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBF_Health_Fund=HBF Health Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juvenilia_Press=Juvenilia Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr.Goodliving=Mr.Goodliving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMMI=BMMI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Votorantim_Siderurgia=Votorantim Siderurgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Votorantim_Energia=Votorantim Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Software=Original Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Performance_Development=Honda Performance Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosslight_Software=Crosslight Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueCar=TrueCar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P2i=P2i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerloop_Studios=Innerloop Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scangroup=Scangroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Retail=Reliance Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powernet=Powernet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TenMarks_Education,_Inc.=TenMarks Education, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrovita=Citrovita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hisamitsu_Pharmaceutical=Hisamitsu Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeville_Motor_Express=Lakeville Motor Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veracode=Veracode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altegrity_Risk_International=Altegrity Risk International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cross_and_Blue_Shield_of_Alabama=Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AddThis=AddThis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitacost=Vitacost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcegaglia=Marcegaglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan_Group=Kalyan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Research_Development_and_Design_Centre=Tata Research Development and Design Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Econ_Engineering=Econ Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIT_Digital=KIT Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimsoft=Nimsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonner_Doll_Company,_Inc.=Tonner Doll Company, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancs_Industries=Lancs Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleming's_Prime_Steakhouse_&_Wine_Bar=Fleming's Prime Steakhouse & Wine Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MC_Entertainment=MC Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eneva=Eneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirt's_Gardens=Hirt's Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best-One=Best-One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusteer=Trusteer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elering=Elering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furtados_Music=Furtados Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minster_Machine_Company=Minster Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Gas=Dana Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigPark=BigPark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISFuel=ISFuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compania_Minera_Atacocha=Compania Minera Atacocha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petitcollin=Petitcollin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graf_Brothers_Flooring_and_Lumber=Graf Brothers Flooring and Lumber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datacap=Datacap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Cast_Iron_Pipe_Company=American Cast Iron Pipe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveline=Traveline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArmaLite=ArmaLite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce_Biotechnology=Pierce Biotechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manion's=Manion's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUSS_MicroTec=SUSS MicroTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Telephone_Industries_Limited=Indian Telephone Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Grand_Chancellor=Hotel Grand Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matches_Fashion=Matches Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Home_Interactive=Focus Home Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azimuth_Systems=Azimuth Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KI_Holdings=KI Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aderis_Pharmaceuticals=Aderis Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandaid=Brandaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murfin_Music_International=Murfin Music International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker_Hill_Breweries=Bunker Hill Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Magazine=Core Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nedgame=Nedgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Engineering_Services_Pakistan=National Engineering Services Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Women's_Association=Financial Women's Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedBrick_Health=RedBrick Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo._Hattersley=Geo. Hattersley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneaky_Pete's=Sneaky Pete's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_River_Dam_Authority=Grand River Dam Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Investment_House=Gulf Investment House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storehouse=The Storehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goods_of_Desire=Goods of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patch_Media=Patch Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watsco=Watsco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flad_Architects=Flad Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Senda=Grupo Senda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungevity=Sungevity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Kings=Reality Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short's_Brewing_Company=Short's Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Oceanic=Virgin Oceanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Way=Best Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Automotive_Design=International Automotive Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Casualty=California Casualty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On-Ramp_Wireless=On-Ramp Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layered,_Inc.=Layered, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSE_Systems=GSE Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reata_Restaurant=Reata Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JVC_Kenwood=JVC Kenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ektron=Ektron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrington_Company=Torrington Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Mobile=Open Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurofoto=Eurofoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actua_Corporation=Actua Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Lee_Bakery=Jenny Lee Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Trucks=Ram Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConocoPhillips_Alaska=ConocoPhillips Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Fox,_Inc.=Bruce Fox, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Film_Trust=Independent Film Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Brothers=Fox Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Studios=Duck Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilantic_Capital_Partners=Trilantic Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus=Airbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FareCompare=FareCompare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J-W_Energy_Company=J-W Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eksen_Research=Eksen Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer_Prevention_Institute_of_California=Cancer Prevention Institute of California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Re-Ment=Re-Ment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciright_Systems=Ciright Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pesa_SA=Pesa SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinze_&_Milan=Quinze & Milan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consorcio_ARA=Consorcio ARA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casas_GEO=Casas GEO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Compellent=Dell Compellent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minera_Autlan=Minera Autlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Ritchie_and_Company=Grant, Ritchie and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khim_Prom=Khim Prom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melior_Discovery=Melior Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inktel=Inktel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritz,_LLC=Maritz, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurfice_Corporation=Resurfice Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best-Lock_Construction_Toys=Best-Lock Construction Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelenet_Global_Services=Intelenet Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Bradshaw=Hamilton Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videlli_Limited=Videlli Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elomatic=Elomatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherston_America=Sherston America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matheson_(compressed_gas_&_equipment)=Matheson (compressed gas & equipment)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accessible_Home_Health_Care=Accessible Home Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Abbey=Lost Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Da_Records=Love Da Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2si=2si
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodman_Global=Goodman Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKWARE,_Inc.=PKWARE, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Famsa=Grupo Famsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homex=Homex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dokumeds=Dokumeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin's_Super_Markets=Martin's Super Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirula's=Nirula's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire_Petroleum=Desire Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insperity=Insperity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexichem=Mexichem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaz-System=Gaz-System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Gentlemen=The Odd Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_Documentation_Center=Philosophy Documentation Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grad_Associates=Grad Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Line_Hotels=White Line Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_Energy_Server=Bloom Energy Server
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JXD=JXD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbi=Urbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy's_Pizza=Happy's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooperative_Development_Services=Cooperative Development Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenterSpace_Software=CenterSpace Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlos_Campos_(Fashion_Designer)=Carlos Campos (Fashion Designer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azure_Capital_Partners=Azure Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter_Entertainment=Jupiter Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Wheeled_Vehicles=Wayne Wheeled Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dtp_entertainment=Dtp entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etisalat_(Sri_Lanka)=Etisalat (Sri Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_F.O.D._Control_Corporation=The F.O.D. Control Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superdrug=Superdrug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendra=Sendra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GMR_Group=GMR Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDC_Games=CDC Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangoma_Technologies_Corporation=Sangoma Technologies Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbic=Nimbic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Networked_Robotics_Corporation=Networked Robotics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Energy=Google Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attensity=Attensity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poly_Property=Poly Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFU_Life=EFU Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HD+=HD+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chulalongkorn_University_Book_Center=Chulalongkorn University Book Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arntzen_de_Besche=Arntzen de Besche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pragoti=Pragoti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_London_Ship_and_Engine_Company=New London Ship and Engine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_Ordnance_Factories=Bangladesh Ordnance Factories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cementos_Pacasmayo=Cementos Pacasmayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyvex_Technologies=Zyvex Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazaro=Gazaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formstack=Formstack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_State_Communications=North State Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loden_Dager=Loden Dager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Wind_Energy=GE Wind Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rockets_Glare=Red Rockets Glare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Excellence_in_Telecom_Technology_and_Management=Centre for Excellence in Telecom Technology and Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dice.com=Dice.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth's_Hospitality_Group=Ruth's Hospitality Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hair_Fairies=Hair Fairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZipDJ=ZipDJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexcelle=Nexcelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Hill_Jeweller=Michael Hill Jeweller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajaj_Hindusthan=Bajaj Hindusthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_&_Yeager=Miller & Yeager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maptek=Maptek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Productivity_Council=Hong Kong Productivity Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renata_Limited=Renata Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axeon=Axeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIM_Brasil=TIM Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialwok=Socialwok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UHY_Hacker_Young=UHY Hacker Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscilloscope_Laboratories=Oscilloscope Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Coffee=Tata Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Park_Ice_Rink_and_Memorial_Garden=Amelia Park Ice Rink and Memorial Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Style_Entertainment=Silver Style Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ener1=Ener1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karosa=Karosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyBuilder=MyBuilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMD_Kwikform=RMD Kwikform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_ICT_Demo_Center=Estonian ICT Demo Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricolor_TV=Tricolor TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousins_Properties=Cousins Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_Communications=Bridge Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be2=Be2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dendreon=Dendreon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petri_AG=Petri AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filemobile=Filemobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Park_Hotels=The Park Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UPL=UPL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullerton_Securities=Fullerton Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Galaxy=Mysterious Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_House_Stables=Manor House Stables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Hospital,_Indraprastha=Apollo Hospital, Indraprastha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EF_Education_First=EF Education First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_Chambers=Matrix Chambers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford_Health=Sanford Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cymer,_Inc.=Cymer, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unicomer_Group=Unicomer Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marussia_Motors=Marussia Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahgat_Group=Bahgat Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Moon_Entertainment=Autumn Moon Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea_Capital=North Sea Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Foods=Lotus Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest-China_Hub_Commission=Midwest-China Hub Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interchim=Interchim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindle_Entertainment=Kindle Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Mile_Market=Seven Mile Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praise_Pictures=Praise Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belairbus=Belairbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Drilling=North Drilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strom_Products=Strom Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marabese_Design=Marabese Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Tourism_Development_Corporation=India Tourism Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldCell=WorldCell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesta_Studio=Lesta Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNCF_Geodis=SNCF Geodis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenPlug=OpenPlug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliansce_Shopping_Centers=Aliansce Shopping Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Shipping_Company=New Zealand Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Shopping=General Shopping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Protein=Omega Protein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oettinger_Beer=Oettinger Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Hyundai=Beijing Hyundai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulabyte=Kulabyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israeli_News_Company=Israeli News Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Four=Inner Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founders_Brewing_Company=Founders Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allscripts=Allscripts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloxham_Stockbrokers=Bloxham Stockbrokers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalise_Menorquina=Kalise Menorquina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_(company)=Even (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auzentech=Auzentech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radioactive,_LLC=Radioactive, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peiker_Acustic=Peiker Acustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirrupathi_Brothers=Thirrupathi Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Jewellers=West Jewellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noblis=Noblis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Avery_Craftsman=James Avery Craftsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_Pretzel_Baking_Company=Federal Pretzel Baking Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechtronix_Inc.=Mechtronix Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragon_Studios=Paragon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WordAlive_Publishers=WordAlive Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenon_Pictures=Xenon Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RootMetrics=RootMetrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IceTV=IceTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamriyah_Free_Zone=Hamriyah Free Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halstead_Property=Halstead Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigeon_Mountain_Industries=Pigeon Mountain Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giusto_Manetti_Battiloro=Giusto Manetti Battiloro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Eagle_Investment_Management=First Eagle Investment Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agility_Logistics=Agility Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Turbines=Solar Turbines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principe_di_Savoia=Principe di Savoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Contact=Phoenix Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RMG_Networks=RMG Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EE-Media=EE-Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_Corporation_of_America=Education Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arecont_Vision=Arecont Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gartmore_Group=Gartmore Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taihe_Rye_Music=Taihe Rye Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vmedia=Vmedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mxi_Technologies=Mxi Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertel_Wax=Hertel Wax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airblaster=Airblaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludia=Ludia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunhild_(clothing)=Gunhild (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumble_and_bumble=Bumble and bumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SousVide_Supreme=SousVide Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberthur_Technologies=Oberthur Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonimo_(watch)=Anonimo (watch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyrrha_Jewelry=Pyrrha Jewelry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_&_Badger=Wolf & Badger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohorongo_Cement=Ohorongo Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansteen_Holdings=Hansteen Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsinki_Regional_Transport_Authority=Helsinki Regional Transport Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Diamonds=Rockwell Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everbright_Securities=Everbright Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_and_Peres=Solomon and Peres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AHI_Roofing=AHI Roofing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movial=Movial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Corporation=Blair Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axium_Foods=Axium Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finolex_Group=Finolex Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_(bookstore)=Odyssey (bookstore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ridge_Capital=Blue Ridge Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equity_International=Equity International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siegel_Group=The Siegel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Solar_Car=Aurora Solar Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Minting=Sunshine Minting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trafalgar_Tours=Trafalgar Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_River_Brewing_Company=Moon River Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedLetterMedia=RedLetterMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Utility=First Utility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RM_Education=RM Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrolsoft_Corporation=Petrolsoft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateliers_deMonaco=Ateliers deMonaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MMTC_Ltd=MMTC Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAIST_Anlagenbau_GmbH=FAIST Anlagenbau GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riich=Riich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lopez_Negrete_Communications=Lopez Negrete Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlassian=Atlassian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payless_Cashways=Payless Cashways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Krishna_Sweets=Sri Krishna Sweets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Instruments_International=Land Instruments International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Vehicle_Group=Commercial Vehicle Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-West_Telecomm=Pac-West Telecomm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeNeues=TeNeues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackett_London=Hackett London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_Meadowcroft=Frost Meadowcroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Steamer=Reading Steamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Brand=Lion Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moynat=Moynat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RepliWeb=RepliWeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Forge=Western Forge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetta_Stone_(company)=Rosetta Stone (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieffenbacher=Dieffenbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigshoes_Foundation=Bigshoes Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_International=Minor International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svenska_Petroleum_Exploration_AB=Svenska Petroleum Exploration AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmons=Harmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locanto=Locanto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longnecker_and_Associates=Longnecker and Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InDevR=InDevR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xperedon=Xperedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1C_Company=1C Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopetech=Hopetech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneLogin=OneLogin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolsa_Nacional_Agropecuaria=Bolsa Nacional Agropecuaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Clinical_Research_Center=International Clinical Research Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckett_Media=Beckett Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_West_Productions=Edge West Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbana_Corporation=Redbana Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knome=Knome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finalrune=Finalrune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomico=Atomico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SK_C&C=SK C&C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green-Works=Green-Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevosoft=Nevosoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldermaston_Brewery=Aldermaston Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XO_Group=XO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Source_Software_Institute=Open Source Software Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Communication_Network=Health Communication Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OhioHealth=OhioHealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perficient=Perficient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heitkamp_BauHolding=Heitkamp BauHolding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mopay=Mopay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin_Methodist_Hospital=Dublin Methodist Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Medical_Center=Grant Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawyers_Have_Heart=Lawyers Have Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arpin_Group=Arpin Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerraPower=TerraPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchison_Port_Holdings=Hutchison Port Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagnie_des_Transports_Strasbourgeois=Compagnie des Transports Strasbourgeois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elscint=Elscint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ET3_Global_Alliance=ET3 Global Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regie_voor_Maritiem_Transport=Regie voor Maritiem Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salesforce_Marketing_Cloud=Salesforce Marketing Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Armenia=Orange Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Muamalat=Bank Muamalat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boustead_Singapore=Boustead Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandtjen_and_Kluge=Brandtjen and Kluge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameCrush=GameCrush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NJ.com=NJ.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectronic=Spectronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Hotels_&_Resorts=Lotte Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proxy_Networks,_Inc.=Proxy Networks, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradeshift=Tradeshift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSF_Healthcare=OSF Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaren_Health_Care_Corporation=McLaren Health Care Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Mobile=Public Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavan_Bogd_Group=Tavan Bogd Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachs_Electric=Sachs Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idiom_Design_and_Consulting=Idiom Design and Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cretors=Cretors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cross_Canada=Blue Cross Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanoco=Nanoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eneslow=Eneslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Holdings_Inc.=Pet Holdings Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notehall=Notehall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinsurance_Group_of_America=Reinsurance Group of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toktumi=Toktumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bungakuza=Bungakuza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_French_Cheese_Company=Marin French Cheese Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noreco=Noreco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayerngas_Norge=Bayerngas Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battelle_for_Kids=Battelle for Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Film_Company_(2008)=American Film Company (2008)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/360i=360i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alterra_Power=Alterra Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refmex_GL_Glass=Refmex GL Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipavav_Shipyard=Pipavav Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IndiaFirst_Life_Insurance_Company=IndiaFirst Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_(Mirna)=Dana (Mirna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StartCom=StartCom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Smile_Company=Good Smile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appian_Corporation=Appian Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegean_Marine_Petroleum_Network=Aegean Marine Petroleum Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solvay_Indupa=Solvay Indupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beholder_Kft.=Beholder Kft.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_Industries=Ideal Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James'_Settlement_(Hong_Kong)=St. James' Settlement (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cable_&_Wireless_Communications=Cable & Wireless Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIME_(Cable_&_Wireless)=LIME (Cable & Wireless)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_Entertainment_Group=Maverick Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Peoples=Oliver Peoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anicom=Anicom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quora=Quora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barker/DZP=Barker/DZP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vox_Lumiere=Vox Lumiere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Islands_Electric_Cooperative=Fox Islands Electric Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desigual=Desigual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knippers_Helbig=Knippers Helbig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevena_Inc=Trevena Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intacct=Intacct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Venture_Company=Russian Venture Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvimedica=Alvimedica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tedeschi_Food_Shops=Tedeschi Food Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rani_Spas=Rani Spas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Composite_Software=Composite Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TinyGrab=TinyGrab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitruvian_Partners=Vitruvian Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genstar_Capital=Genstar Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imasco=Imasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zotye_Auto=Zotye Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bungie=Bungie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegean_Speed_Lines=Aegean Speed Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maveron=Maveron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scatec_Solar=Scatec Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Food_Express=Pet Food Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backyard_Farms=Backyard Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outright=Outright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_Motor=Dongfeng Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baha_Mar=Baha Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Transport_Administration=Swedish Transport Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurica_Motors=Aurica Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O2_(United_Kingdom)=O2 (United Kingdom)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Sanchez_Foods=Casa Sanchez Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Aeroportuario_del_Sureste=Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBMG=BBMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyckerhoff_&_Widmann=Dyckerhoff & Widmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_SCE_Property=China SCE Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIO_General=GIO General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copland_(company)=Copland (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falck_Renewables=Falck Renewables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumtaz_Group=Mumtaz Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEPCO3=SEPCO3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trax_Models=Trax Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bissell=Bissell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortec_Group=Cortec Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seth_Wellington=Seth Wellington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugster/Frismag=Eugster/Frismag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KM_Produce=KM Produce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnQuest=EnQuest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jura_Elektroapparate=Jura Elektroapparate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earle_Wines=Earle Wines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Water=Veolia Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannvit_Engineering=Mannvit Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_21=Club 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Greenland=Coastal Greenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachtler=Sachtler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberpark=Cyberpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tereos=Tereos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpinMedia=SpinMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Airlines_Group=International Airlines Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caufield_&_Shook=Caufield & Shook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Pixel_Cinema=Wicked Pixel Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proterra,_Inc.=Proterra, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elastic_Path=Elastic Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_Group=Gate Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langham_Hotels_International=Langham Hotels International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Avenue_Productions=Collins Avenue Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focal-JMLab=Focal-JMLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosvenor_Park_Productions=Grosvenor Park Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_C_Land=C C Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endicia=Endicia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby's_Diner=Ruby's Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TicketLeap=TicketLeap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Software=Ultimate Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHUMBA_Racing=CHUMBA Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetar_Capital=Magnetar Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curacao_(department_store)=Curacao (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watt_&_Shand=Watt & Shand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haas_Wheat_&_Partners=Haas Wheat & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walon_Sport=Walon Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud_Industries=Bud Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatra_Games=Vatra Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravgen=Ravgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abici=Abici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu_Image=Nu Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_International=Core International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servage_AB=Servage AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosperity_Bancshares=Prosperity Bancshares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Industries=Spectrum Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Instruments=Hanna Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botswana_Power_Corporation=Botswana Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novadios=Novadios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takata_Corporation=Takata Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Crane_Company=C. Crane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respawn_Entertainment=Respawn Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Green=Pacific Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Knowledge_Foundation=Free Knowledge Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniFi=UniFi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MiRoamer=MiRoamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Management_Specialists=Morrison Management Specialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongbu_Daewoo_Electronics=Dongbu Daewoo Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custer_Channel_Wing_Corporation=Custer Channel Wing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrain,_Inc.=Ingrain, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyagalanyi_Coffee_Limited=Kyagalanyi Coffee Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linsalata_Capital_Partners=Linsalata Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricadia_Capital=Tricadia Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Face_Media=About Face Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car2Go=Car2Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XLCubed=XLCubed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Pigs=The Flying Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vineyard_Vines=Vineyard Vines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedette_Shapewear=Vedette Shapewear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koobits=Koobits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaan_Buuz=Khaan Buuz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNAV=SNAV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatshapers=Beatshapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Informatics_Corporation_of_America=Informatics Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Homes_and_Gardens_Real_Estate=Better Homes and Gardens Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golder_Associates=Golder Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrage_Entertainment=Outrage Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_Elevator=Montgomery Elevator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikborg_rein=Wikborg rein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peregrine_Semiconductor=Peregrine Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_for_Moral_Law=Foundation for Moral Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kynetx=Kynetx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulson_&_Co.=Paulson & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Taxation_Technicians=Association of Taxation Technicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TruValu_Supermarket=TruValu Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Tungsten_Company=Korea Tungsten Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Yachts=Pearson Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subatomic_Studios=Subatomic Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamtec=Gamtec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melissa_&_Doug=Melissa & Doug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannover_House=Hannover House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landsnet=Landsnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebridge=Bluebridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Back_Mining=Red Back Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeker_Wireless=Seeker Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IkeGPS=IkeGPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indipex_2011=Indipex 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Body_Works=Ward Body Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarSat,_South_Africa=StarSat, South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiyork=Multiyork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_Aid=Tree Aid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_Oil_Company=Roc Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_4_Films=Phase 4 Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minerals_and_Metals_Group=Minerals and Metals Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolyEast_Records=PolyEast Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Road_Books=Lonely Road Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNS.com=DNS.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Talent_Booking=Central Talent Booking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavalys=Lavalys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypercom=Hypercom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Street_Capital_Management=King Street Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AQR_Capital=AQR Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roos_Instruments=Roos Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustavi_Steel=Rustavi Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KUKA_Systems=KUKA Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preceptor_Aircraft=Preceptor Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elluminate_Live=Elluminate Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearer's_Foods=Shearer's Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Aircraft_Corporation=Electric Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Metal_Recycling=China Metal Recycling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hathor_Exploration=Hathor Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osisko_Mining=Osisko Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddball_Film+Video=Oddball Film+Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MITACS=MITACS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Oil_LP=Gulf Oil LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIND_Healthy_Snacks=KIND Healthy Snacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptozoic_Entertainment=Cryptozoic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerfield_Boat_Works=Summerfield Boat Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_McCann=Universal McCann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena_Eizou=Athena Eizou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_1=Mitchell 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kildare's_Irish_Pub=Kildare's Irish Pub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln_Institute=Abraham Lincoln Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Productos_Mendoza=Productos Mendoza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kremenchukm'yaso=Kremenchukm'yaso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EagleRider=EagleRider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudera=Cloudera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFC_Energy=AFC Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Castillo_Gallery=David Castillo Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appaloosa_Management=Appaloosa Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Capital_Advisors=Canyon Capital Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigwam_Mills=Wigwam Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BEST_Education_Network=BEST Education Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huyghe_Brewery=Huyghe Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeirFoulds_LLP=WeirFoulds LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turquoise_Hill_Resources=Turquoise Hill Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Environment_Corporation=Open Environment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiefel_Laboratories=Stiefel Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JouleX=JouleX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CILAS=CILAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgian_Manganese_Holding=Georgian Manganese Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Auto_Group=Murray Auto Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UM_Broadcasting_Network=UM Broadcasting Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Solvent_Extractions=Kerala Solvent Extractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReNeuron=ReNeuron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_Ontario=Landscape Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijan_Rural_Investment_Project=Azerbaijan Rural Investment Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mountain_Castle_Publishing=White Mountain Castle Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firstsource=Firstsource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_Minerals=Equinox Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cope-Com=Cope-Com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Records=Stone Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloch_(company)=Bloch (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citec=Citec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransForce=TransForce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uline=Uline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATB-Market=ATB-Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onepharm=Onepharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antigua_Apparel=Antigua Apparel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSDSonline=MSDSonline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suretrack_Contracts_Services=Suretrack Contracts Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu-West=Nu-West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anshen_&_Allen=Anshen & Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novero=Novero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Responsible_Lending=Center for Responsible Lending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longyuan_Power=Longyuan Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitmar_Cruises=Sitmar Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lighthouse_Trails_Publishing=Lighthouse Trails Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Drug=Lane Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Logistics_Cell=National Logistics Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icera=Icera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlumChoice=PlumChoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargent_Fletcher=Sargent Fletcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camerons_Brewery=Camerons Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden_Outerwear=Holden Outerwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lossa_Engineering=Lossa Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripwire=Ripwire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruckus_Wireless=Ruckus Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantra_Lingua=Mantra Lingua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oncor_Electric_Delivery=Oncor Electric Delivery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacker-Craft=Hacker-Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbor_Real_Estate=Harbor Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingboard_Chemical=Kingboard Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Database_on_Protected_Areas=World Database on Protected Areas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Bekaert_LLP=Cherry Bekaert LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohzora_Publishing=Ohzora Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pauling_&_Co.=Pauling & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrobank_Energy_and_Resources=Petrobank Energy and Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MesoCoat=MesoCoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catamaran_Corporation=Catamaran Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledo_(company)=Ledo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Magic=No Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intertrust_Group=Intertrust Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Euromed=Solar Euromed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibtelecom=Gibtelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serco_Marine_Services=Serco Marine Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_Holdings=Fantasia Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Magnaplate=General Magnaplate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topco_Associates_LLC=Topco Associates LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crate_Entertainment=Crate Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataldo_Ambulance_Service=Cataldo Ambulance Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Soundelux=Todd Soundelux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanson_Health_Products=Swanson Health Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickstarter=Kickstarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_TV=Easy TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoosk=Zoosk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritchies_Stores=Ritchies Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westshore_Terminals=Westshore Terminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Financial_Telecommunications_&_Clearings_Institute=Korea Financial Telecommunications & Clearings Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_Global=Joy Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCop_(franchise)=RoboCop (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Lights_Publishing=Jewish Lights Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merit_Motion_Pictures=Merit Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_Studios=Gravity Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netwitness=Netwitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2wink=2wink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biovest=Biovest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuala_Lumpur_Kepong_Berhad=Kuala Lumpur Kepong Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Road_Dynamics=International Road Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fennovoima=Fennovoima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayre_and_Sons=Ayre and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jester_Interactive=Jester Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTBC=MTBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_K._King_Books=John K. King Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UW_Carbone_Cancer_Center=UW Carbone Cancer Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julphar=Julphar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6126_(clothing_line)=6126 (clothing line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_American_Scientific_Corp.=First American Scientific Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicklaunch=Quicklaunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternatif_Bank=Alternatif Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_Health_Properties=Primary Health Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volden_Group=Volden Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekstilbank=Tekstilbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adabank=Adabank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adolescent_and_Children's_Trust=The Adolescent and Children's Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Deakin_and_Company=Evans Deakin and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_Control_(company)=Damage Control (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palantir_Technologies=Palantir Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_&_Russo=Ralph & Russo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave_Line=Ave Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Columbia_Group=The Columbia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Appraisal=American Appraisal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eide_Marine_Services=Eide Marine Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Franchise=Project Franchise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frazer_Diner=Frazer Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkelvolk=Dunkelvolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_News=Global News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chungdahm_Learning=Chungdahm Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Hitech_Industries_Limited=Kerala Hitech Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RacingThePlanet=RacingThePlanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AL-Automotive_Lighting=AL-Automotive Lighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrne_Construction_Services=Byrne Construction Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideaworks_Game_Studio=Ideaworks Game Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSBC_Bank_(Taiwan)=HSBC Bank (Taiwan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ElderTreks=ElderTreks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibernet_Corp.=Fibernet Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocentres=Eurocentres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Laboratories=United Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LearnShare=LearnShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professional_Systems_Associates=Professional Systems Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Management_Worldwide=Sports Management Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwire=Freshwire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobo_Inc.=Kobo Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freelancer.com=Freelancer.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BodyRock_Sport=BodyRock Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Hut=Loving Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cincinnati_Center_City_Development_Corporation=Cincinnati Center City Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noctua_(company)=Noctua (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_German_Automotive_Company=Egyptian German Automotive Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholesale_Applications_Community=Wholesale Applications Community
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhumed_Films=Exhumed Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Baraka_Banking_Group=Al Baraka Banking Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Insurance=Bank of China Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redknee=Redknee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CA_Sports=CA Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Reizenstein_Company=Charles Reizenstein Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&Co.=M&Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_Software=Serena Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3i_Infotech=3i Infotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sente_Technologies=Sente Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neofonie=Neofonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Blues_Guitar_Workshop=Saint Blues Guitar Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_3=Company 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randstad_Education=Randstad Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilocity=Wilocity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Pasta=New World Pasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RelayRides=RelayRides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constructa_(company)=Constructa (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Health=Bryan Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_and_Tom_Studios=Joy and Tom Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Capital_Rail_Services_(Europe)=GE Capital Rail Services (Europe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScriptSwitch_Limited=ScriptSwitch Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_&_Counties_Properties=Capital & Counties Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Bourbon_Distillers=Kentucky Bourbon Distillers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Musgrave_&_Sons=John Musgrave & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Oil_&_Gas_Corporation=Saskatchewan Oil & Gas Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klarna=Klarna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gbanga=Gbanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innofactor=Innofactor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MASA_(company)=MASA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnon%5CTBWA=Magnon\TBWA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Machine_and_Tool_Company=Lewis Machine and Tool Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolta_India_Ltd=Rolta India Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proteak=Proteak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkade=Verkade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stott_and_Sons=Stott and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGS_Entertainment=AGS Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtistAloud.com=ArtistAloud.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Leonard=Mister Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevard_Family_of_Housing=Brevard Family of Housing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EE_Limited=EE Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazingports=Amazingports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Industrial=Fiat Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digimarc=Digimarc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comexi_Group=Comexi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMB_Consultancy=EMB Consultancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoservices=Geoservices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiversiTech=DiversiTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Wave_Productions=New Wave Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Secrets_(company)=Trade Secrets (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncooked=Uncooked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanyo_Shokai_New_York=Sanyo Shokai New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockchip=Rockchip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Posts_and_Telecommunications_Group=Vietnam Posts and Telecommunications Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAE_Exchange_&_Financial_Services=UAE Exchange & Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barchester_Healthcare=Barchester Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerhouse_Animation_Studios,_Inc.=Powerhouse Animation Studios, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genostar=Genostar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMS_Tools=KMS Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armand_Dupree=Armand Dupree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Empire_Entertainment=Star Empire Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Brain_Studios=Urban Brain Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VA_Tech_Wabag=VA Tech Wabag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RWS_Group=RWS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellendorff=Wellendorff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rho_Ventures=Rho Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutor.com=Tutor.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakajima_USA=Nakajima USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Manufacturing=Scotland Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square,_Inc.=Square, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Money_Store=The Money Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Informatica=Informatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gela21=Gela21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Schools,_Inc.=King Schools, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TASTE_Holdings=TASTE Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everett_Piano_Company=Everett Piano Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristar_Productions=Tristar Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farm_51=The Farm 51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gem_Spa=Gem Spa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novoroscement=Novoroscement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluidic_Energy=Fluidic Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_Inspirations=Tribute Inspirations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowdrise=Crowdrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Steel_Equipment_Company=All-Steel Equipment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Synergy_Culture_&_Entertainment_Group=Shanghai Synergy Culture & Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi9_Global_Sourcing=Levi9 Global Sourcing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Sport=One Way Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vormetric=Vormetric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoep's_Ice_Cream=Schoep's Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambium_Learning_Group=Cambium Learning Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_Capital=Foundation Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomnia_Coffee_Company=Insomnia Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_Pictures=Dakota Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBall_(company)=IBall (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrustPort=TrustPort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Center_for_Electronics_and_Microtechnology=Swiss Center for Electronics and Microtechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automated_Imaging_Association=Automated Imaging Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origin_PC=Origin PC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kranich's_Jewelers=Kranich's Jewelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Banana_Bread_Company=Hannah Banana Bread Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinematronics,_LLC=Cinematronics, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearCube=ClearCube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyowa_Hakko_Kirin=Kyowa Hakko Kirin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeucesCracked=DeucesCracked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_VAI=Siemens VAI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academia.edu=Academia.edu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primelocation=Primelocation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Kolb_Aircraft=New Kolb Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyroflug=Gyroflug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Pacific_Investments_Corporation=Metro Pacific Investments Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airship_Industries=Airship Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_Fabian_Jones=Lane Fabian Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhinelander_Brewing_Company=Rhinelander Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldspring_(company)=Coldspring (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sean_Cody=Sean Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_Translations=Eclipse Translations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selle_Royal=Selle Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_Auto_Group=Bavarian Auto Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corelis=Corelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfield_Exploration=Newfield Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheraton_Macao_Hotel,_Cotai_Central=Sheraton Macao Hotel, Cotai Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilot_PMR=Pilot PMR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Associates,_Inc=National Research Associates, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selective_TV,_Inc.=Selective TV, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivan_Design_Group=Sivan Design Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centostazioni=Centostazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAMMA=BAMMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Guitars=Chapman Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavalier_Corporation=Cavalier Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZEN_(department_store)=ZEN (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Games=Lookout Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Bark_Productions=Flying Bark Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quikr=Quikr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosen_(company)=Gosen (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_India_Private_Limited=Renault India Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Benefits_Institute=Integrated Benefits Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom's_Convenience_Store=Tom's Convenience Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowland_Theatre=Shadowland Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DealsDirect=DealsDirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Storm=Metal Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brite_Semiconductor=Brite Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publish2=Publish2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Nissan_Automotive_India_Private_Limited=Renault Nissan Automotive India Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mennekes=Mennekes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Electronic=Conrad Electronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koryolink=Koryolink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Congress_of_Australia's_First_Peoples=National Congress of Australia's First Peoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Locomotive_Company=Clyde Locomotive Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Oak_(beer)=Red Oak (beer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aprimo=Aprimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedavia=Swedavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiappa_Firearms=Chiappa Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Jane_T-Marts=Bob Jane T-Marts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Toronto=Ubisoft Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Ferries=European Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StoneRiver=StoneRiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleveneleven=Eleveneleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netlist_Inc.=Netlist Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tervis_Tumbler=Tervis Tumbler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rauch_and_Lang=Rauch and Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazit-Globe=Gazit-Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StormGeo=StormGeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Automobile_Industry_Group=Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Univar=Univar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TalkFree,_Inc=TalkFree, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zupan's_Markets=Zupan's Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engro_Corporation=Engro Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oni_Telecom=Oni Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deseret_Digital_Media=Deseret Digital Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick's_Cabaret=Rick's Cabaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_India_Automobiles=Fiat India Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwell_(retailer)=Dwell (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_China_Transport_Logistics=Greater China Transport Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BG_Capital=BG Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_Group_Yacht_Design=Axis Group Yacht Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_Technology=Barrett Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heitman_Analytics=Heitman Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_de_Kamp's_Holland_Dutch_Bakeries=Van de Kamp's Holland Dutch Bakeries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democrasoft=Democrasoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LRAD_Corporation=LRAD Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanchet_(watch)=Blanchet (watch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prometheus_Global_Media=Prometheus Global Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eli_Bridge_Company=Eli Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Usage_Company=Computer Usage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Homes=Coleman Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixar_Canada=Pixar Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Stereoscopic_and_Photographic_Company=London Stereoscopic and Photographic Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_American_Armory=European American Armory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivus=Vivus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosser_Twin_Cylinder_Car_Company=Prosser Twin Cylinder Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namdhari's_Fresh=Namdhari's Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Partners=Hotel Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surplex=Surplex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Brewing=Metropolitan Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_&_Hodgson_Ltd=Scott & Hodgson Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Energy_of_Massachusetts=Easy Energy of Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_Tao_Chinese_Radio=Sing Tao Chinese Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1&1_Internet=1&1 Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedo=Sedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_Games=Access Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asana_(software)=Asana (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melon_Bicycles=Melon Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Intelligence_Limited=International Intelligence Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wren_Kitchens=Wren Kitchens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plateau_Systems=Plateau Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneupweb=Oneupweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CozyCot=CozyCot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Thompson_Flight_Company=Norman Thompson Flight Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frey_Wille=Frey Wille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icelandic_USA=Icelandic USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BelMarket=BelMarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swissqual=Swissqual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expekt.com=Expekt.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erker's_Optical=Erker's Optical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AERCO_International=AERCO International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intalink=Intalink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NovaCare_Rehabilitation=NovaCare Rehabilitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Tierra_Energy=Gran Tierra Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impinj=Impinj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carma=Carma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Smith=Kingston Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Protectron_Security_Services=Reliance Protectron Security Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RagingBull.com=RagingBull.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikasa_Sports=Mikasa Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CASPA=CASPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerds_at_Heart=Nerds at Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invite_Media=Invite Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaanxi_Coal_and_Chemical_Industry=Shaanxi Coal and Chemical Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TASMAC=TASMAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protean_Electric=Protean Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoomvaart_Maatschappij_Zeeland=Stoomvaart Maatschappij Zeeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Arbitration_and_Mediation=National Arbitration and Mediation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeeman_(chain_store)=Zeeman (chain store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Cancer_Research_Foundation=Tower Cancer Research Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crozer-Keystone_Health_System=Crozer-Keystone Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberle_Associates=Eberle Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9ff=9ff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriwaki=Moriwaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaNet=MediaNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Payments_Corporation_of_India=National Payments Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto_Medical_Foundation=Palo Alto Medical Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hop_Back_Brewery=Hop Back Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Memory_Systems=Texas Memory Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolera_Caribe=Bolera Caribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/51_Minds_Entertainment=51 Minds Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tous_Designer_House=Tous Designer House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualfon=Qualfon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citibank_Argentina=Citibank Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EPLDT_Ventus=EPLDT Ventus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihar_State_Milk_Co-operative_Federation=Bihar State Milk Co-operative Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Societe_de_Constructions_et_d'Aviation_Legere_(SCAL)=Societe de Constructions et d'Aviation Legere (SCAL)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JEX_Co.,Ltd.=JEX Co.,Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdiem=Verdiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluehost=Bluehost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IdeaPocket=IdeaPocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraunhofer_Additive_Manufacturing_Alliance=Fraunhofer Additive Manufacturing Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H2onews=H2onews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EvaluNet=EvaluNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multivox_Premier=Multivox Premier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andersons=The Andersons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swivler=Swivler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinkai=Xinkai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soar_Automotive=Soar Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Tayer_Group=Al Tayer Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WABCO_Vehicle_Control_Systems=WABCO Vehicle Control Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Copper=Hindustan Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mauritius_Hotels_Ltd.=New Mauritius Hotels Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Park=Medical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitzer_SE=Bitzer SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghabbour_Group=Ghabbour Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_Keys=Brand Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manufacturing_Commercial_Vehicles=Manufacturing Commercial Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallax_Studio=Parallax Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderlands_Books=Borderlands Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten/Four_Pictures=Ten/Four Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Swach=Tata Swach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euroferrys=Euroferrys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Dynamics_Corporation=Precision Dynamics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowind_Group=Sowind Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kejian=Kejian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Giant_Equipment_Corporation=Blue Giant Equipment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_Balloons=Firefly Balloons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooga=Wooga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Khodro_Rail_Transport_Industries_Company_(IRICO)=Iran Khodro Rail Transport Industries Company (IRICO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RS_Sailing=RS Sailing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigmax=Gigmax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Method_Studios=Method Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccard_Balloons=Piccard Balloons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SASid-_insurance_development=SASid- insurance development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Factory_Shop=The Original Factory Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Industries=Raven Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityPASS=CityPASS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primo_Smallgoods=Primo Smallgoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DATEV=DATEV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metals_Treatment_Technologies=Metals Treatment Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD_Universe=CD Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonow=Gonow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonway=Jonway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Systems_Concepts,_Inc.=Advanced Systems Concepts, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_Music_Group=Independent Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_Fund_of_the_Swedish_Construction_Industry=Development Fund of the Swedish Construction Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infopro_Sdn_Bhd=Infopro Sdn Bhd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Flora=House of Flora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nortal=Nortal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CustomInk=CustomInk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DocuSign=DocuSign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartland_REACT=Heartland REACT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Link_Ferries=Celtic Link Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helix_Energy_Solutions_Group=Helix Energy Solutions Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealion_Shipping=Sealion Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coto_Supermarkets=Coto Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Continental_Holdings=United Continental Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippine_Postal_Savings_Bank=Philippine Postal Savings Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAC_Toyota=GAC Toyota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_Oil_Corporation=Athabasca Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity_North_West=Electricity North West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Convenience_Club=Culture Convenience Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aavin=Aavin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NICOL_Forests_UK=NICOL Forests UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horiba=Horiba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Well_Control=Wild Well Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remontowa=Remontowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Productions=Third Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon_Co-op=Saskatoon Co-op
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACT_Conferencing=ACT Conferencing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Tourism_Development_Corporation=Tamil Nadu Tourism Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTB_Asset_Management_Limited=GTB Asset Management Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiloo=Kiloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplifydigital=Simplifydigital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Center_Incorporated=Music Center Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StoryForge_Labs=StoryForge Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Sustainability_Alliance=California Sustainability Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'est_Films_Group=L'est Films Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akaoni_Studio=Akaoni Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytik_Jena=Analytik Jena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_James=Stan James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ResPublica=ResPublica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandstrom_Products_Company=Sandstrom Products Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurecon=Aurecon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANSAC=ANSAC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Wall_Films=Broken Wall Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISFnet=ISFnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunetric=Sunetric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Britannica_Industries=Pan Britannica Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotak_Securities=Kotak Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventouris_Ferries=Ventouris Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Electric_Membership_Corporation=Jackson Electric Membership Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Dish!=Let's Dish!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonesoft_Corporation=Stonesoft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Creation_Munich=Modern Creation Munich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTI_Consulting=MTI Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Line=Unity Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Print_Audit=Print Audit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Star_Ferries=Blue Star Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orana_Incorporated=Orana Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billycart_Kids=Billycart Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakuzi_Limited=Kakuzi Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Natural_Gas_Company=Egyptian Natural Gas Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Natural_Gas_Holding_Company=Egyptian Natural Gas Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Career_College=American Career College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutch_(Sri_Lanka)=Hutch (Sri Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Electron=Tokyo Electron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mail_Print=Mail Print
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HostGator=HostGator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Bank=Diamond Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yodel_Australia=Yodel Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samyang_Food=Samyang Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui_Oil_Exploration=Mitsui Oil Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstone_Audiobooks=Blackstone Audiobooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SecondMarket=SecondMarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Field_Tea_Factory=Orange Field Tea Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrie_of_Rochdale=Petrie of Rochdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buquebus=Buquebus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circuit_Check=Circuit Check
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windowizards=Windowizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_RSCG_London=Euro RSCG London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SureHarvest=SureHarvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Knowledge_Solutions=Meridian Knowledge Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthwise=Healthwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layar=Layar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbra_(company)=Umbra (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maersk_Oil=Maersk Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Media_Agency=Total Media Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Fuel_Cell_America=Doosan Fuel Cell America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audio_Analytic=Audio Analytic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPP_Group=CPP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centamin=Centamin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaWorks_Radio=MediaWorks Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americas_Petrogas=Americas Petrogas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BEAN_(charity)=BEAN (charity)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacia_Mining=Acacia Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RC2_Corporation=RC2 Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Energy=Essar Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platt-LePage_Aircraft_Company=Platt-LePage Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InsideTrack=InsideTrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italjet=Italjet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macarthur_Coal=Macarthur Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SodaHead.com=SodaHead.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeBlond_Aircraft_Engine_Corporation=LeBlond Aircraft Engine Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuttelex=Nuttelex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavapoint=Kavapoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtriya_Chemicals_&_Fertilizers=Rashtriya Chemicals & Fertilizers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordson_Corporation=Nordson Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incomes_Data_Services=Incomes Data Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&O_Princess_Cruises=P&O Princess Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropos_Networks=Tropos Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuron_Robotics=Neuron Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crest_Digital=Crest Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Hired=Simply Hired
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBN_Co=NBN Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQE=IQE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuma_(restaurant)=Zuma (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shockwave_(game_portal)=Shockwave (game portal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dekra=Dekra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Sales=Pacific Sales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Chow=Mr. Chow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suite101=Suite101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yummly=Yummly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundance_Resources=Sundance Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MinuteClinic=MinuteClinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iscomar=Iscomar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Pro_Dad=All Pro Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phranakorn_film=Phranakorn film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_Development=Plus Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRDC_Equity_Partners=NRDC Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Financial_Bank=First Financial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UBIS_(Asia)=UBIS (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CampusEAI_Consortium=CampusEAI Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovio_Entertainment=Rovio Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anacostia_Waterfront_Corporation=Anacostia Waterfront Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avid_Radiopharmaceuticals=Avid Radiopharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurotech_(company)=Eurotech (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modernform_Group=Modernform Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Cable_Vision=Sun Cable Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Tap_Water_Supply=Thai Tap Water Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computaris=Computaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerching_Casino=Kerching Casino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samyang_Optics=Samyang Optics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ike_Behar=Ike Behar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WakeMate=WakeMate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Watch_Case_Company=Star Watch Case Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPX_Corporation=SPX Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExtraHop_Networks=ExtraHop Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CollabraSpace=CollabraSpace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franprix=Franprix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leader_Price=Leader Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viaspace=Viaspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catchword_Branding=Catchword Branding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Wind_Power=Siemens Wind Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishlabs_Entertainment=Fishlabs Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumaila_Field_Operating_Organization=Rumaila Field Operating Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilek_Ecza_Deposu=Dilek Ecza Deposu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OwnerIQ=OwnerIQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBF_Bioscience=MBF Bioscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OtterBox=OtterBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&T_Motiv=S&T Motiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbor_Networks=Arbor Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playfire=Playfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_Loch=Wave Loch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarium_Capital=Clarium Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatske_ceste=Hrvatske ceste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Walk_Away=You Walk Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disqus=Disqus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OP_Eiga=OP Eiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swans_(eyewear)=Swans (eyewear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starwood_Capital_Group=Starwood Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Sport_Guns_GmbH=German Sport Guns GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_General_Electric=Canadian General Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stokke_AS=Stokke AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTL_Ltd=GTL Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellbytel_Group=Sellbytel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminex_Software,_Inc.=Luminex Software, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Pure_Food_Products_Co.=Gold Pure Food Products Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallada_Asset_Management=Pallada Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushroom_Networks=Mushroom Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glatfelter=Glatfelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_&_Overseas_Freighters=London & Overseas Freighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elia_System_Operator=Elia System Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50Hertz_Transmission_GmbH=50Hertz Transmission GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Graph=Future Graph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonyou=Yonyou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Newsprint_and_Papers_Limited=Tamil Nadu Newsprint and Papers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABM_United_Kingdom_Limited=ABM United Kingdom Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AltusGroup=AltusGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Energy=Star Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Absheron_Operating_Company=North Absheron Operating Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspian_Drilling_Company=Caspian Drilling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathys_Medical=Mathys Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevel_Argentina=Sevel Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jegs_High_Performance=Jegs High Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClassWish=ClassWish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Films=Hurricane Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pork_Farms=Pork Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Industries=Dexter Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Rubiales_Energy=Pacific Rubiales Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATI_425_Titanium_Alloy=ATI 425 Titanium Alloy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SurePayroll=SurePayroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Mutual_Insurance_Group=Western Mutual Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison-Opto=Edison-Opto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionovo=Bionovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coherent_Solutions=Coherent Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atresmedia=Atresmedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A'Rosa_Cruises=A'Rosa Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Stanley_Group=Charles Stanley Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Editworks=Editworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHROMA_Cnife=CHROMA Cnife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipley_Energy=Shipley Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathfinder_Partners=Pathfinder Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DESFA=DESFA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Bridge_Press=Stone Bridge Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StorSimple=StorSimple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugs.com=Drugs.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameSpy_Technology=GameSpy Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impala_Platinum=Impala Platinum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayr_Bank=Ayr Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Sisters_Food_Group=2 Sisters Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vion_NV=Vion NV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Advertising=Jay Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vriesendorp_&_Gaade=Vriesendorp & Gaade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA_Plant_Technology=DNA Plant Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izhevsk_Mechanical_Plant=Izhevsk Mechanical Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Death_Records=Fan Death Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetherRealm_Studios=NetherRealm Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_Hotels_&_Resorts=Omni Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTY_Food_Group=MTY Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Media_and_Entertainment=Rose Media and Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Below=Five Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allozyne=Allozyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hysteric_glamour=Hysteric glamour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TJ_Innova_Engineering_&_Technology=TJ Innova Engineering & Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inekon_Trams=Inekon Trams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravn_Studio=Ravn Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldermaston_Pottery=Aldermaston Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HootSuite=HootSuite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SumTotal_Systems=SumTotal Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascott_Limited=The Ascott Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetraLabs_GmbH=MetraLabs GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samworth_Brothers=Samworth Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBI_Life_Insurance_Company_Limited=SBI Life Insurance Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Language_Systems=Emergency Language Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Estates_Group=Chinese Estates Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Highland=US Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Lingua=Music Lingua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Blimp_Corporation=American Blimp Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diodes_Incorporated=Diodes Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatr=Chatr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IceStone=IceStone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Aircraft_Replicas_International=War Aircraft Replicas International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocity,_Inc.=Velocity, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logic_Wireless=Logic Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pappas_Group=Pappas Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archon_Information_Systems=Archon Information Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Martinsville_Glass_Company=New Martinsville Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.G.R=L.G.R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_House_College=Eden House College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Systems=Vernon Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermocopy=Thermocopy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSD_Ignition=MSD Ignition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avista=Avista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Links=Working Links
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakilat=Nakilat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Teleca=Symphony Teleca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Activant=Activant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlexGen=FlexGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visotek=Visotek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_Hollywood=Encore Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propper=Propper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CloudShare=CloudShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avex_Taiwan=Avex Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genie_Company=The Genie Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEPCO_E&C=KEPCO E&C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Applied_Genomics=Center for Applied Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outdoor_Research=Outdoor Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wah_Chang_Corporation=Wah Chang Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Bottling_Company_of_Cape_Cod=Coca-Cola Bottling Company of Cape Cod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPH_Group=MPH Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasad_Art_Pictures=Prasad Art Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glastron=Glastron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralway=Centralway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_India=Audi India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Rare_Earths=Indian Rare Earths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interurban_Press=Interurban Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakshiraja_Studios=Pakshiraja Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadilal=Vadilal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Laboratories=Core Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Fibre_Technologies=Future Fibre Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gestora_de_Inversiones_Audiovisuales_La_Sexta=Gestora de Inversiones Audiovisuales La Sexta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Star_Infotech=Blue Star Infotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Animal_Rescue=International Animal Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UltraTech_Cement=UltraTech Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FDM_Group=FDM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushy's_Brewery=Bushy's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acme_Mills=Acme Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falkland_Oil_and_Gas=Falkland Oil and Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NextEra_Energy=NextEra Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunningham_Drug_(U.S.)=Cunningham Drug (U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protecode=Protecode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partsearch_Technologies=Partsearch Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Tire=Kal Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflecting_Roadstuds_Ltd=Reflecting Roadstuds Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuup_Bussii=Nuup Bussii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_Japan=Fortress Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conn's=Conn's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audient=Audient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_County_Distillery=Kings County Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ippudo=Ippudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woollen,_Molzan_and_Partners=Woollen, Molzan and Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KwikMed=KwikMed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Fajer_Group=Al Fajer Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrowdStar=CrowdStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarkMonitor=MarkMonitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2SEA=A2SEA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecinco_Cinema=Telecinco Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRP_Advisory=FRP Advisory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendel_Biotechnology,_Inc.=Mendel Biotechnology, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby_Media_Group=Moby Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexalytics=Lexalytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SteelPath=SteelPath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atypon=Atypon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postmedia_Network=Postmedia Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerilliant_Corporation=Cerilliant Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axium_(company)=Axium (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeNA=DeNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stallion_Group=Stallion Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Star_Records=Big Star Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Independent_Films=First Independent Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monitronics=Monitronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_Executive_Institute=McGill Executive Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAMEL=FAMEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_Entertainment_Group=Camelot Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glentel=Glentel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandstorm_Gold=Sandstorm Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_of_the_UK_Manufacturing=Honda of the UK Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills_Limited=Hills Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobify=Mobify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASAHI_Net=ASAHI Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashiana_Housing=Ashiana Housing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_Watch=Chemical Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermax=Thermax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philkeram_Johnson=Philkeram Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream_unconference=Stream unconference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Trask_&_Co.=Spencer Trask & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonfire_Snowboarding=Bonfire Snowboarding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TalentEgg=TalentEgg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Ontario=Ask Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_National_Maritime_Transport_Company=General National Maritime Transport Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innospec=Innospec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saorsat=Saorsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Crust_Pizzeria=Upper Crust Pizzeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever_Australasia=Unilever Australasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catoctin_Creek_Distilling_Company=Catoctin Creek Distilling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECA_International=ECA International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centrax=Centrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herd_&_McKenzie_Shipbuilders=Herd & McKenzie Shipbuilders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behestan_Darou=Behestan Darou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarsier_Studios=Tarsier Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ofir_Resources=Ofir Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vollrath_Company=The Vollrath Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firehouse_Restaurant=The Firehouse Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godrej_Infotech_Ltd=Godrej Infotech Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceuninck=Deceuninck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unity_Technologies=Unity Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry's_Hamburgers=Henry's Hamburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citibank_Vietnam=Citibank Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retail_Employees_Superannuation_Trust=Retail Employees Superannuation Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godrej_Industries_Ltd=Godrej Industries Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSW_Steel_Ltd=JSW Steel Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atac=Atac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CI_Games=CI Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrefour_Market=Carrefour Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Technology_Services=Siemens Technology Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Relais_des_Mousquetaires=Le Relais des Mousquetaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neterra=Neterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Market=Simply Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synterra_Media=Synterra Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vival_(supermarket)=Vival (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_(supermarket)=Ed (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baojun=Baojun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swipely=Swipely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roady_(Mousquetaires)=Roady (Mousquetaires)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datamatics_Global_Services=Datamatics Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SemaConnect=SemaConnect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurman's=Thurman's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_International_Cruises=Classic International Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Lease_Corporation=Air Lease Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepkor=Pepkor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onward_Technologies=Onward Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEA_Westfalia_Separator=GEA Westfalia Separator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.I.Agent_Solutions=C.I.Agent Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGW_Logistics_Group=TGW Logistics Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IFrogz=IFrogz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathway_Genomics=Pathway Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comau=Comau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_Shoes=Nice Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Tour_Operators_Association=United States Tour Operators Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MJLF_&_Associates=MJLF & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appnovation=Appnovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Communications=Tata Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cod_Steaks_ltd=Cod Steaks ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Infrastructure_Partners=Brookfield Infrastructure Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Voice=Plum Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_Awards_for_Public_Service=Jefferson Awards for Public Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myriad_Pictures=Myriad Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Wolf_Center=California Wolf Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LightSquared=LightSquared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondrand=Gondrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part-Time_Scientists=Part-Time Scientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeuroFocus=NeuroFocus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questerre_Energy=Questerre Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KP_Media=KP Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinlock_SRL=Spinlock SRL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas21=Atlas21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardline_Group=Gardline Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranch_Hand_Truck_Accessories=Ranch Hand Truck Accessories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marza_Animation_Planet=Marza Animation Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Teams=Odyssey Teams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VeriWave=VeriWave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Latino=Banco Latino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Uzbekistan=GM Uzbekistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Car_Shoe=The Original Car Shoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Automotive_Equipment=American Automotive Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foradian=Foradian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merooj=Merooj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Scholl's=Dr. Scholl's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thingsoft=Thingsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlertMe=AlertMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruwido=Ruwido
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoString_Technologies=NanoString Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profire_Energy=Profire Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Curtis=Leonard Curtis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mood_Media=Mood Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_&_Ski_Sports=Sun & Ski Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Entertainment=Savage Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventis_Pharma=Aventis Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zandu_Realty=Zandu Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_Aviation_Systems=Danish Aviation Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeedCast=SpeedCast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piquadro=Piquadro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purina_Mills=Purina Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_3_Post=Level 3 Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offset_Press_Inc.=Offset Press Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldstone_Tires=Goldstone Tires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazd_Tire=Yazd Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refah_Chain_Stores_Co.=Refah Chain Stores Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accel_Frontline_Ltd=Accel Frontline Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_and_Arts_Arcadia_of_Myungseung=Design and Arts Arcadia of Myungseung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Film_Electronics_ASA=Thin Film Electronics ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opower=Opower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Voices=GM Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photon_Kathaas=Photon Kathaas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bou=La Bou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Desenvolvimento_Gerencial=Instituto de Desenvolvimento Gerencial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prism_Leisure_Corporation=Prism Leisure Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Integrated_Manufacturing=Advanced Integrated Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyras=Dyras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobeNewswire=GlobeNewswire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screen_Media_Films=Screen Media Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikona_Digital_Networks=Tikona Digital Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enviromena_Power_Systems=Enviromena Power Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HLB_International=HLB International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberon_Books=Oberon Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DKSH=DKSH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmavite=Pharmavite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filament_Productions=Filament Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RightsFlow=RightsFlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affinity4=Affinity4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recorded_Future=Recorded Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aikenhead's_Hardware=Aikenhead's Hardware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QA_Technologies=QA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convenient_Food_Mart=Convenient Food Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrimeSense=PrimeSense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musixmatch=Musixmatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EIQ_Energy,_Inc=EIQ Energy, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Tuning=Evans Tuning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proofpoint_Systems,_Inc=Proofpoint Systems, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Tomato_Limited=Green Tomato Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cougar_Energy=Cougar Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Energy=Carbon Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAN_Truck_&_Bus=MAN Truck & Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millcraft_Investments=Millcraft Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Coca-Cola=Cameron Coca-Cola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPB_TV=SPB TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCK=NCK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sega=Sega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O-Cedar=O-Cedar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Polar_Engines=British Polar Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._A._Moyer_(automobile)=H. A. Moyer (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accuquote=Accuquote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoggs=Zoggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TLC_Books=TLC Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Popular_(department_store)=The Popular (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Marketing_International=Just Marketing International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_and_Faculty_of_Actuaries=Institute and Faculty of Actuaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritmoteca.com=Ritmoteca.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SnapStream=SnapStream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marstel-Day=Marstel-Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Occidental_de_Descuento=Banco Occidental de Descuento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dessau_(engineering)=Dessau (engineering)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecologic_Brands,_Inc.=Ecologic Brands, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pricefalls=Pricefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soho_Properties=Soho Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueside=Blueside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventel=Inventel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Plains_Aircraft_Supply_Company=Great Plains Aircraft Supply Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_2_Group=TV 2 Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monnett_Experimental_Aircraft=Monnett Experimental Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsch_Group=Deutsch Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lembrassa=Lembrassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overfinch=Overfinch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HoneyBaked_Ham=HoneyBaked Ham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARGO_(ATV_manufacturer)=ARGO (ATV manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Snowboards=Salomon Snowboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Allen_Industries=Temple Allen Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrvand_Chain_Stores_Inc.=Shahrvand Chain Stores Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkins_Consulting_Agency=Hopkins Consulting Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ditto_Music=Ditto Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozeman_Watch_Company=Bozeman Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discount_Tire=Discount Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hach_Company=Hach Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menlo_Ventures=Menlo Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IProperty_Group=IProperty Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lite_Shipping_Corporation=Lite Shipping Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volantis=Volantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Lintas=Lowe Lintas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_&_Co=Do & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_do_MaiN=Digital do MaiN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Network=Bright Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMBH,_Inc.=SMBH, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Micromachines_Corporation=Boston Micromachines Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boehringer_Laboratories=Boehringer Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepcool=Deepcool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelert_(company)=Gelert (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathead_(brand)=Fathead (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Eck_Global=Van Eck Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GFS_Canada=GFS Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_IT_Training=Institute of IT Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orex_Exploration=Orex Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_E._Brinkmann_GmbH=Karl E. Brinkmann GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Bulk_Handling_Corporation=National Bulk Handling Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_and_Industrial_Forgings_Ltd=Steel and Industrial Forgings Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Fabrics,_B.V.=Vector Fabrics, B.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewDealDesign=NewDealDesign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigya=Gigya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crepes_&_Waffles=Crepes & Waffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IC_Manage=IC Manage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scomi=Scomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Pints_Brewing_Company=Half Pints Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_Enterprises=Gorgeous Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_Foto=Buzz Foto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visionworks_of_America=Visionworks of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro_Scientific_Industries=Electro Scientific Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Fibe_TV=Bell Fibe TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Della_Ferrera=Della Ferrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivimed_Labs=Vivimed Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartBear_Software=SmartBear Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Monte_Motor_Works,_Inc.=Del Monte Motor Works, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.Oliver=S.Oliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meltwater_Group=Meltwater Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Oil_Fund_of_Azerbaijan=State Oil Fund of Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_Loya_Insurance=Fred Loya Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cofactor_Genomics=Cofactor Genomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SalvageData=SalvageData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strymon_(company)=Strymon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cactus_(supermarket)=Cactus (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOAT_Store=GOAT Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samtel_Group=Samtel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Sept_Couleurs=Les Sept Couleurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lock_Up_(company)=The Lock Up (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeneMatrix=GeneMatrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoink_Games=Zoink Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Contractors_Group=UK Contractors Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrot_Corporation=Parrot Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Management_and_Training_Corporation=Management and Training Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Group,_Inc.=Airbus Group, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PicDial=PicDial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Network_Television=China Network Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallowstreet=Mallowstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sygic=Sygic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changhong=Changhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_TV=Friday TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berman's_Bakery=Berman's Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Motor_Vehicle_Company=Century Motor Vehicle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Bakeries=Angel Bakeries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipswitch,_Inc.=Ipswitch, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Brands=Famous Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennan_Motor_Manufacturing_Company=Brennan Motor Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cawood,_Wistow_and_Selby_Light_Railway=Cawood, Wistow and Selby Light Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICU_Medical=ICU Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concentra=Concentra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juwi=Juwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITYarts,_Inc.=CITYarts, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juvenia=Juvenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid_Components_International=Fluid Components International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steadfast_Networks=Steadfast Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Designs=Aero Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Trailer_Fleet_Services=GE Trailer Fleet Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Withings=Withings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huppenkothen_Baumaschinen=Huppenkothen Baumaschinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God-Grilla=God-Grilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Arab_Network=Global Arab Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reis_Robotics=Reis Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avia_Solutions_Group=Avia Solutions Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callware=Callware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_Brothers_&_Co.,_Limited=Job Brothers & Co., Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jos_Alukka_&_Sons=Jos Alukka & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wexford_Health_Sources=Wexford Health Sources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strack_&_Van_Til=Strack & Van Til
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stearns_Steam_Carriage_Company=Stearns Steam Carriage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_Communications=Wick Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroports_de_Catalunya=Aeroports de Catalunya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clipper_Group=Clipper Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaltbau_Group=Schaltbau Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LATAM_Airlines_Group=LATAM Airlines Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G'Five=G'Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feiyue=Feiyue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interxion=Interxion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincat=Lincat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Bronx_Non-Profits=Center for Bronx Non-Profits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jersey_Manufacturers_Insurance_Company=New Jersey Manufacturers Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulley_&_Andrews=Bulley & Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tune_Group=Tune Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iroquois_Motor_Car_Company=Iroquois Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_Bridge_Maritime=Arab Bridge Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunavut_Liquor_Commission=Nunavut Liquor Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebring_(sports_car)=Sebring (sports car)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lantiq=Lantiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_International=Heron International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geac_Computer_Corporation=Geac Computer Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishida_(company)=Ishida (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capper_Pass_and_Son=Capper Pass and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoCar_(carsharing)=GoCar (carsharing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Trains=Alpha Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaslamp_Games=Gaslamp Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_Processing_Iran_Co.=Data Processing Iran Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolypers=Tolypers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vattenfall_United_Kingdom=Vattenfall United Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Aircraft_Corporation=Charlotte Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colburn_Automobile_Company=Colburn Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Jimmy's_Italian_Ices=Little Jimmy's Italian Ices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Element_Mobile=Element Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Centre_for_Nature_Conservation=European Centre for Nature Conservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Parking_Association=British Parking Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabam=Kabam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Jacques=Christian Jacques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujian_Benz=Fujian Benz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stout_Metal_Airplane=Stout Metal Airplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnay_Homes=Donnay Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loghman_Pharmaceuticals=Loghman Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russel_Metals=Russel Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starr_Labs=Starr Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Energy=Simply Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimvi=Mimvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELSA_Technology=ELSA Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PVR_Pictures=PVR Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westinghouse_Digital=Westinghouse Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipkart=Flipkart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chromat=Chromat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pothys=Pothys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Pest_Services=Western Pest Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrvatske_autoceste=Hrvatske autoceste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerFilm,_Inc.=PowerFilm, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrobangla=Petrobangla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Motor_Corporation=Cooper Motor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BINA_Istra=BINA Istra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubee_Interactive=Ubee Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSR_Ziyang_Locomotive_Co.,_Ltd.=CSR Ziyang Locomotive Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucille's_Smokehouse_Bar-B-Que=Lucille's Smokehouse Bar-B-Que
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heng_Siew_Chiang_Sendirian_Berhad=Heng Siew Chiang Sendirian Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngman=Youngman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EarlySense=EarlySense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Mansour_Automotive=Al-Mansour Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ridge_Communications=Blue Ridge Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PVI_Virtual_Media_Services=PVI Virtual Media Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crypton_Future_Media=Crypton Future Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Motors_Egypt=General Motors Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cylon_Controls_Ltd.=Cylon Controls Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProSpecieRara=ProSpecieRara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_(mixed_martial_arts)=Jewels (mixed martial arts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northland_Power=Northland Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumo_Energy=Lumo Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Downstream=Oscar Downstream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijanis'_Cultural_Center=Azerbaijanis' Cultural Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1000Memories=1000Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Thai_Travel_Services=Hong Thai Travel Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandi_Stazioni=Grandi Stazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MainConcept=MainConcept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexcom=Dexcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabasoft=Fabasoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cityline_(ISP)=Cityline (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfair_Sporting_Club=Mayfair Sporting Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamerang=Gamerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamsburg_AleWerks=Williamsburg AleWerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valkyrie_(mixed_martial_arts)=Valkyrie (mixed martial arts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_State_Power_Corporation=Punjab State Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.V._Nuon_Energy=N.V. Nuon Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperJet_International=SuperJet International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aluminium_Bahrain=Aluminium Bahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banagas=Banagas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_and_Music_Entertainment=Film and Music Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datalight=Datalight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerbridge_Partners=Centerbridge Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemini_Film_Circuit=Gemini Film Circuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risk_International=Risk International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Logistics_Systems=General Logistics Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Edge=Direct Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khind_Holdings_Berhad=Khind Holdings Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parlok=Parlok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_Springs=Eden Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_Aviation_Academy=Baltic Aviation Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Co-operative_Motor_Group=The Co-operative Motor Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Develothon=Develothon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institut_IGH=Institut IGH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOEN_Entertainment=LOEN Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPiDCOM=SPiDCOM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DDC-I=DDC-I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSIsoft=OSIsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bad_Tomato=Big Bad Tomato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GCM_Grosvenor=GCM Grosvenor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasses_Direct=Glasses Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egy-Tech_Engineering=Egy-Tech Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SITE_Design_Group=SITE Design Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atala_(company)=Atala (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaker_Verlag=Shaker Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Sturge=King Sturge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookfield_Renewable=Brookfield Renewable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manorama_Music=Manorama Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psyma_Group=Psyma Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcove_Entertainment=Alcove Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Asset_Management=Marathon Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine_of_the_Month_Club=Wine of the Month Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iroquois_China_Company=Iroquois China Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facepunch_Studios=Facepunch Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Racing_Team=Asia Racing Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KNI_A/S=KNI A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qi_hardware=Qi hardware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elnec=Elnec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Electric_Power_Company=Solar Electric Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styron_(company)=Styron (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyandford=Loyandford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chhattisgarh_State_Power_Generation_Company=Chhattisgarh State Power Generation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhya_Pradesh_Power_Generation_Company_Limited=Madhya Pradesh Power Generation Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Posadas=Grupo Posadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drillisch=Drillisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibertel=Fibertel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vossloh_Kiepe=Vossloh Kiepe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouse-Hinds_Company=Crouse-Hinds Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algonquin_Power_&_Utilities=Algonquin Power & Utilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardent_Leisure=Ardent Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelli_Spumante_&_Aperitive=Angelli Spumante & Aperitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGlue=IGlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarado_Street_Bakery=Alvarado Street Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_and_Greenwood=Hope and Greenwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Tiger_Entertainment=Celestial Tiger Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirpur_Gold_Refinery=Shirpur Gold Refinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sintal_Agriculture=Sintal Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senile_Team=Senile Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMW_Systems=TMW Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burndy=Burndy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polypipe=Polypipe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo_Belgian_Corporation=Anglo Belgian Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsinore_Multimedia=Elsinore Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidvest_Group=Bidvest Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMA_Distribuidora=DMA Distribuidora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Media_Network=Philadelphia Media Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Register_of_Shipping=Hellenic Register of Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokka=Pokka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonia_(fashion)=Bonia (fashion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SandForce=SandForce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonough_Bolyard_Peck,_Inc.=McDonough Bolyard Peck, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonough_Bolyard_Peck=McDonough Bolyard Peck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenab_Group=Chenab Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priestman_Brothers=Priestman Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muela_(knife_manufacturer)=Muela (knife manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Fuel_Oil=Metro Fuel Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M86_Security=M86 Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondetta_Clothing_Company=Mondetta Clothing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classmate_Stationery=Classmate Stationery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bevolo_Luci_a_Gas_ed_Elettrici=Bevolo Luci a Gas ed Elettrici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntraLinks=IntraLinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golrang_Industrial_Group=Golrang Industrial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlet_AB=Atlet AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Commission_on_the_History_of_Geological_Sciences=International Commission on the History of Geological Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Co.,_Ltd.=Internet Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zionex=Zionex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleAdapt_Ltd.=TeleAdapt Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Wia=Hyundai Wia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEME=DEME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibplaz=Sibplaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schurter=Schurter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missha=Missha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_Racing_Developments=Group Racing Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Environmental_Society=Saudi Environmental Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xively=Xively
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devro=Devro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netrust=Netrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AAA_Cooper=AAA Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Office=Feng Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvion=Alvion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Import_Genius=Import Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unigine_Corp=Unigine Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphan_Systems=Epiphan Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azizia_Panda=Azizia Panda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIW_Technologies=BIW Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norcliff_Thayer=Norcliff Thayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HTK_Ltd=HTK Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturnes_Productions=Nocturnes Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Supermarkets=Drake Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cockerill_(company)=John Cockerill (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romstrade=Romstrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayser-Roth=Kayser-Roth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Grande_Valley_Newspapers=Casa Grande Valley Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITunes_Ping=ITunes Ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avions_Amiot=Avions Amiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_American=Universal American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Cable=General Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HollyFrontier=HollyFrontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Channel_Shanghai=International Channel Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Media_Corporation=Southern Media Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epica_Awards=Epica Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALZ_(steelworks)=ALZ (steelworks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArcelorMittal_Ghent=ArcelorMittal Ghent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Center_for_Law_and_Economic_Justice=National Center for Law and Economic Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex_Engineering=Vortex Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowlarity_Communications=Knowlarity Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenergomash=Rosenergomash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atos_consulting=Atos consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aecon=Aecon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Bellows=US Bellows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Gen_Power=Hi-Gen Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glik's=Glik's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeAway=HomeAway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Light_Metal_Company=Nippon Light Metal Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Packaging=Graphic Packaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentsply=Dentsply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forges_de_la_Providence=Forges de la Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuix=Nuix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rieker_Shoes=Rieker Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher_Xpress=Kingfisher Xpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobyland=Mobyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Revenue_Corporation=General Revenue Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakhsh_Khodro_Diesel=Rakhsh Khodro Diesel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Punch=Bell Punch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainaut-Sambre=Hainaut-Sambre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mace_Security_International=Mace Security International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjellberg_Finsterwalde=Kjellberg Finsterwalde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Health_and_Allied_Insurance=Star Health and Allied Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norse_Irish_Ferries=Norse Irish Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedflow_Communications=Speedflow Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DESA_(company)=DESA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Trailers=Globe Trailers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CineTel_Films=CineTel Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Angelo=Alfred Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogii_Games=Gogii Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerview_Partners=Centerview Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartnet=Smartnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thy-Marcinelle=Thy-Marcinelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_Rifle_Company=Montana Rifle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bincho=Bincho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Institute_of_Industrial_Technology=Korea Institute of Industrial Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_King=Junk King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanner_Group_Ltd=Lanner Group Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Motor_Truck_Company=Chase Motor Truck Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyent=Joyent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_West_Humanitarian_Foundation=Golden West Humanitarian Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Gourmet_Chef=Le Gourmet Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hakunetsusha=Hakunetsusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WinWinD=WinWinD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokers_Films=Kokers Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JoyTunes=JoyTunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lefever_Arms_Company=Lefever Arms Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C.F._Mueller_Company=C.F. Mueller Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Artists_International=Allied Artists International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simard-Beaudry_Construction=Simard-Beaudry Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRB_Infrastructure=IRB Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etihad_Rail=Etihad Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinashin=Vinashin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sersa_Group=Sersa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Games=Autumn Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanford-Herbert_Motor_Truck_Company=Sanford-Herbert Motor Truck Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuos=Virtuos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_Sporting_Club=Alexandria Sporting Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer-Moore_Company=Palmer-Moore Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ULTRA_Diamonds=ULTRA Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurus_Energy=Eurus Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSP_Group=DSP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustobene=Gustobene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banque_Zitouna=Banque Zitouna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujimitsu_Corporation=Fujimitsu Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koray_Holding=Koray Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanner_Krolle=Tanner Krolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EPB=EPB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_&_Resources_Corporation=Petroleum & Resources Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infratek_(company)=Infratek (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Rainbow_Minerals=African Rainbow Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primo_Brewing_&_Malting_Company=Primo Brewing & Malting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Gold=Allied Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argela=Argela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mynewsdesk=Mynewsdesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HEICO=HEICO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixia_(company)=Ixia (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstage_Production=Backstage Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCE_Foster_City_Studio=SCE Foster City Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_Golf=Dixon Golf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disciplined_Growth_Investors=Disciplined Growth Investors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeno's_Pizza_(Colombia)=Jeno's Pizza (Colombia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russel_Wheel_and_Foundry_Company=Russel Wheel and Foundry Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combined_Insurance=Combined Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comics_Factory=Comics Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Arts_Pictures=Seven Arts Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vubiquity=Vubiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visakhapatnam_Steel_Plant=Visakhapatnam Steel Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_for_Modeling_and_Simulation_International=Society for Modeling and Simulation International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BookSwim=BookSwim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Rail_Corporation=Patriot Rail Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petland_Discounts=Petland Discounts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playdead=Playdead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Select_Toys=Diamond Select Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.F._Blakemore=A.F. Blakemore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Jewelers=Sterling Jewelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L_&_T_Mutual_Fund=L & T Mutual Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icade=Icade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TravelSky=TravelSky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIA_Separations=BIA Separations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guvera=Guvera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissin_Dental_Products,_Inc.=Nissin Dental Products, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tag_Games=Tag Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Frank_Industries=Paul Frank Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romsilva=Romsilva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syclo=Syclo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Whitney=Addison Whitney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_Mining=Conquest Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Digital_Audio=Echo Digital Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson_Companies=Patterson Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-Ei_Animation=Shin-Ei Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIM_Bank=CIM Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Group=Mark Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Fish=Fresh Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Honda_Motor_Company=American Honda Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_bikes=Cube bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egnyte=Egnyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittnauer=Wittnauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro-Ject=Pro-Ject
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SU-155=SU-155
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Goods=Real Goods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Speck=Tiny Speck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marv_Films=Marv Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleType_Co.,_Inc.=TeleType Co., Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnbrae_Farms=Burnbrae Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Assan_Otomotiv=Hyundai Assan Otomotiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V._La_Rosa_and_Sons_Macaroni_Company=V. La Rosa and Sons Macaroni Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cetemmsa=Cetemmsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkmeijer_Shipyards=Barkmeijer Shipyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DP_Architects=DP Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donaldson_Company=Donaldson Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Group_(company)=Music Group (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Widows_Investment_Partnership=Scottish Widows Investment Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayam_Brand=Ayam Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_World_Travel=Harvey World Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frito-Lay=Frito-Lay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Security_Technologies=Core Security Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Survival_Coalition=Young Survival Coalition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Vacation_Resorts_Asia_Pacific=Wyndham Vacation Resorts Asia Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_California_Mortgage=First California Mortgage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mano_Maritime=Mano Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Cooper,_Inc.=Ben Cooper, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_and_Mobile_Association_of_India=Internet and Mobile Association of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edible_Arrangements=Edible Arrangements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piping_Technology_and_Products=Piping Technology and Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivoclar_Vivadent=Ivoclar Vivadent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oncolytics_Biotech=Oncolytics Biotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banger_Films,_Inc=Banger Films, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remarul_16_Februarie=Remarul 16 Februarie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonciere_des_Regions=Fonciere des Regions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_Ontario=Knowledge Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambit_Energy=Ambit Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HIP-Petrohemija=HIP-Petrohemija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imlek_a.d.=Imlek a.d.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassidi=Cassidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Protection_Europe=Force Protection Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Hen_Systems=Red Hen Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Middleton_Co.=John Middleton Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micromax_Mobile=Micromax Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gecina=Gecina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Pictures=Phoenix Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabeya_Bi-tech_Kaisha=Nabeya Bi-tech Kaisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamusic_Incorporated=Dreamusic Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-Types=E-Types
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Integration=Dolphin Integration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Gudz=Elite Gudz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epocrates=Epocrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTLGroup=CTLGroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humble_(production_studio)=Humble (production studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSW_Group=JSW Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSW_Energy=JSW Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama9=Panorama9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.N.V._Motor_Syndicate=E.N.V. Motor Syndicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Games=Hello Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolGold=SolGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSW_Infrastructure=JSW Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Line_Screening=Life Line Screening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LiuGong=LiuGong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_Club_of_New_York=Cornell Club of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sandy_Area_Development_District=Big Sandy Area Development District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarab_Research=Scarab Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptina=Aptina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuento_de_Luz=Cuento de Luz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashkirenergo=Bashkirenergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai_Nerolac_Paints=Kansai Nerolac Paints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBB_Cargo_International=SBB Cargo International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HollyRod_Foundation=HollyRod Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bassetti_Architects=Bassetti Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hupac=Hupac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgilis=Edgilis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saker_Cars=Saker Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalimar_Paints=Shalimar Paints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IViz_Security=IViz Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trident_Media_Guard=Trident Media Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueGrace_Logistics=BlueGrace Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekfen_Construction_and_Installation=Tekfen Construction and Installation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidscape=Solidscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEMS_Education=GEMS Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGS_Mobile_Gaming=MGS Mobile Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Science_Studio=Good Science Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designer_Bride=Designer Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deacom=Deacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kombiverkehr=Kombiverkehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Supermarket=Royal Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_Group=Triumph Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Italian_Pasta_Company=American Italian Pasta Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Supermarket,_Inc.=City Supermarket, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Cold_Storage_and_Supply_Company=Imperial Cold Storage and Supply Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cad_and_the_Dandy=Cad and the Dandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LAG_Motorcoach=LAG Motorcoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryland_Pressed_Steel_Company=Maryland Pressed Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Cement=Shree Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firth_Concrete=Firth Concrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Decision_Systems=International Decision Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valleyarm=Valleyarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanalys=Xanalys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alok_Industries=Alok Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navneet_Publications=Navneet Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft_End-of-Life_Solutions=Aircraft End-of-Life Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiba_Telecommunication_Systems_Division=Toshiba Telecommunication Systems Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massmart=Massmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henkel_Electronic_Materials=Henkel Electronic Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UnityPoint_Health=UnityPoint Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lupin_Limited=Lupin Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenmark_Pharmaceuticals=Glenmark Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIP_Industries=VIP Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlaxoSmithKline_Pharmaceuticals_Ltd=GlaxoSmithKline Pharmaceuticals Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoNavi=AutoNavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antibe_Therapeutics=Antibe Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttam_Galva_Steels=Uttam Galva Steels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keithley_Instruments=Keithley Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Degree_Films=Third Degree Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XMG_Studio=XMG Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamForge_Intertainment=DreamForge Intertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_Petrochem=Supreme Petrochem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_Industries=Supreme Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSE_(centrifuges)=MSE (centrifuges)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineered_Lifting_Systems_&_Equipment=Engineered Lifting Systems & Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernigotti=Pernigotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alerian=Alerian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airports_Authority_of_Trinidad_and_Tobago=Airports Authority of Trinidad and Tobago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Science_and_Engineering=American Science and Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NRB_Bearing=NRB Bearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wavetek=Wavetek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Beverages_Corporation=Kerala State Beverages Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEC_International=KEC International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AH-Software=AH-Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerFX=PowerFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTUC_Income=NTUC Income
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unichem_Laboratories=Unichem Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgewood_Bushwick_Senior_Citizens_Council=Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jannuzzi_Smith=Jannuzzi Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statoil_Fuel_&_Retail=Statoil Fuel & Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoloPower=SoloPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonbon_(mobile_phone_operator)=Bonbon (mobile phone operator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Management_Corporation=Elliott Management Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Conservation_Alliance=Marine Conservation Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astron-6=Astron-6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GestiFute=GestiFute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXIS_Flight_Training_Systems=AXIS Flight Training Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auckland_Transport=Auckland Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Restaurant_Group=Bay Restaurant Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi9_Ukraine=Levi9 Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golfsmith=Golfsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero-G_Ltd=Zero-G Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarbon=Qarbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayas_Shilpa=Ayas Shilpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geojit_BNP_Paribas_Financial_Services=Geojit BNP Paribas Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTI_Consultancy=MTI Consultancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilkamal_Plastics=Nilkamal Plastics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostNet_(company)=PostNet (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FaceVsion=FaceVsion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_AS=Get AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desire2Learn=Desire2Learn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avala_Film=Avala Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbit_Imaging=Elbit Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellington_Electronics_Technology_Group=Ellington Electronics Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_Shelf_International=Software Shelf International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parris_Cues=Parris Cues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_McQueen_(brand)=Alexander McQueen (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TLS_Agency=TLS Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Fried_Chicken=California Fried Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquila_Polonica=Aquila Polonica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuters_Market_Light=Reuters Market Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_&_Foulks=Lawrence & Foulks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_Battle_of_the_Bands=College Battle of the Bands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puli_Space_Technologies=Puli Space Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PS_Business_Parks=PS Business Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Build.com=Build.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_School=Brand New School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheney_Racing=Cheney Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartres_Lodging_Group=Chartres Lodging Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veramark_Technologies=Veramark Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Cyber_Technology_and_Information_Security_Laboratory=GTRI Cyber Technology and Information Security Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modelinia=Modelinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTECH_Corporation=GTECH Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironbound_Films=Ironbound Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles'_Southern_Style_Kitchen=Charles' Southern Style Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morodo=Morodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Ferry=Lion Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael-Bruno=Michael-Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakis_Rouvas_Collection=Sakis Rouvas Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnDemand=OnDemand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanti_Communications=Avanti Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MovieTowne=MovieTowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DP_Information_Group=DP Information Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Valley_Electric=Bear Valley Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred's_Frozen_Foods=Fred's Frozen Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohde_Shoes=Rohde Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howco=Howco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwork_Zoo=Clockwork Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanli_Education_Group=Wanli Education Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_Studios_Austria=Research Studios Austria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Agent_Technologies=Smart Agent Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiply=Shiply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMPCO_METAL=AMPCO METAL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombard_Renewable_Energy=Bombard Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunn_Classic_Pictures=Sunn Classic Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petland=Petland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CzechBoys=CzechBoys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certina_Holding=Certina Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdTaily=AdTaily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_bis=12 bis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serious_Magic_Inc.=Serious Magic Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logo_of_the_BBC=Logo of the BBC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGE_Electrochromics=SAGE Electrochromics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Oil_Company=Associated Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_West_Virginia=Frontier West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makris_Group=Makris Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastCare=EastCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesys_(company)=Genesys (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pheasant_Aircraft_Company=The Pheasant Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Technologies=Bird Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ExecuJet_Aviation_Group=ExecuJet Aviation Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Restaurants=Paramount Restaurants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auteco=Auteco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapletree_Investments=Mapletree Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Hospitals_Group=International Hospitals Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft_Spruce_&_Specialty_Co=Aircraft Spruce & Specialty Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberinfrastructure_for_Network_Science_Center=Cyberinfrastructure for Network Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nsite_Software=Nsite Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Motors=Central Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Rock=Center Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Aeroportuario_Centro_Norte=Grupo Aeroportuario Centro Norte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Car=El Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_&_Son=Vince & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sibers=Sibers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Federation_of_Magazine_Publishers=European Federation of Magazine Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biblio.com=Biblio.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggressive_(film_director)=Aggressive (film director)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zingaya=Zingaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sany=Sany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDT_'Smyk'_Department_Store=CDT 'Smyk' Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BB&T_Insurance_Services=BB&T Insurance Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Union=Ford Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellar_Property_Group=Sellar Property Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norrmejerier=Norrmejerier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AB_Bostaden=AB Bostaden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Training_Table=The Training Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashena_Courier_Co=Ashena Courier Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boshears_Skyfest=Boshears Skyfest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkedo_Studio=Arkedo Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hari_Om_Entertainment=Hari Om Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensto=Ensto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fressnapf=Fressnapf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshii=Freshii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Production=Jay Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_&_Miller_Glass_Company=Duncan & Miller Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_On=Cotton On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Whippy=Mr Whippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Century_Publishing_Group=Shanghai Century Publishing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platform_HD=Platform HD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eide_Bailly_LLP=Eide Bailly LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPAmerica_International=CPAmerica International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle_Force_Group=Cycle Force Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vast_Studios=Vast Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagle_Hartray_Architecture=Nagle Hartray Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multisystemic_therapy=Multisystemic therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eataly=Eataly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxbet=Luxbet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_&_Wisdom_Press=Truth & Wisdom Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honkytonk_Films=Honkytonk Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infront_Sports_&_Media=Infront Sports & Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audiobrain=Audiobrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature's_Path=Nature's Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRC_Limited=IRC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datamonitor=Datamonitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ic!_berlin=Ic! berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codex_Pictures=Codex Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_(mobile_app)=Check (mobile app)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barfoot_&_Thompson=Barfoot & Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XKL=XKL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotipizza=Kotipizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoreLogic=CoreLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breadsmith=Breadsmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VenueGen=VenueGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digga_Machinery_Attachments=Digga Machinery Attachments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceramic_Fuel_Cells=Ceramic Fuel Cells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Butterflies_International=Ocean Butterflies International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAKS=DAKS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipling_(brand)=Kipling (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bit9=Bit9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Hershfield=Morrison Hershfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoplet=Shoplet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettcher_Industries=Bettcher Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_Consulting_Group=Huron Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermountain_West_Communications_Company=Intermountain West Communications Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadmaster_(bicycles)=Roadmaster (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_Travel_Services=Cuba Travel Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Cisneros=Grupo Cisneros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zebralution=Zebralution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comwave=Comwave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Technologies=USA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versus_(Versace)=Versus (Versace)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paule_Ka=Paule Ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradebot=Tradebot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audi_Senna=Audi Senna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoho_Corporation=Zoho Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Industrial_Development_Corporation_of_Uttarakhand=State Industrial Development Corporation of Uttarakhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IArchives,_Inc.=IArchives, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1HDTV=1HDTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padini=Padini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transweb=Transweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Musical_Instrument_Company=Boston Musical Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FutureMedia=FutureMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raya_Group=Raya Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_Valve_&_Coupling_Company=Dixon Valve & Coupling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_Group=The Castle Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CapitalSource=CapitalSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDF_Incorporated=EDF Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_National_BanCorporation=Alabama National BanCorporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Bank_Cameroon=Commercial Bank Cameroon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medidata_Solutions=Medidata Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohler_Mira_Ltd=Kohler Mira Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockway_Glass=Brockway Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinjin_Motors=Shinjin Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsewedy_Electric=Elsewedy Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Passe_Jones_Entertainment=De Passe Jones Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichirei=Nichirei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AstridBio=AstridBio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Power_Systems=Doosan Power Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaw_Media=Shaw Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandcamp=Bandcamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasplint_Systems=Dynasplint Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorkerExpress=WorkerExpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Pass,_Inc.=Press Pass, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_Property_Management=Camelot Property Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layne_Christensen_Company=Layne Christensen Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiji_Holdings=Meiji Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Society_for_International_Organizations=Italian Society for International Organizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPAConnect=CPAConnect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celine_Engelstad=Celine Engelstad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Community_Improvement_District=Cumberland Community Improvement District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Commodity_Funds=United States Commodity Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Antelope=Atomic Antelope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchitel_Publishing_House=Uchitel Publishing House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_India_Business_Council=UK India Business Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warp_X=Warp X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_Theory_(company)=Motion Theory (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listia=Listia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RisingOn=RisingOn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stemcor=Stemcor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SimplySiti=SimplySiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qbuzz=Qbuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OFP_La_Rochelle=OFP La Rochelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osaka_Titanium_Technologies=Osaka Titanium Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samba_TV=Samba TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_Group_Holding=Rubicon Group Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troentorp_Clogs=Troentorp Clogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaser=Blaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauser_Jagdwaffen_GmbH=Mauser Jagdwaffen GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyobo=Toyobo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESOFT_Computer_Studies=ESOFT Computer Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucara_Diamond=Lucara Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnhumby=Dunnhumby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davide_Pedersoli=Davide Pedersoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excel_Communications=Excel Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stallergenes=Stallergenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odinsa=Odinsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloria_Material_Technology_Corp.=Gloria Material Technology Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Bop's=B-Bop's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interfor_Corporation=Interfor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southpaw_Technology=Southpaw Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grindeks=Grindeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schramm_Inc.=Schramm Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydraulics_International=Hydraulics International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaQuest_Holdings=MediaQuest Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latvian_Shipping_Company=Latvian Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venky's=Venky's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inphonex=Inphonex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.S._Pledge_&_Sons_Ltd=H.S. Pledge & Sons Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoloqi=Geoloqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namco_Networks=Namco Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanga_Loaders=Kanga Loaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JRP-Ringier=JRP-Ringier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epigram_Books=Epigram Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antex=Antex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IFS_AB=IFS AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiha_English_Academy=Seiha English Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andreessen_Horowitz=Andreessen Horowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoosier_Salon=Hoosier Salon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InteliSpend_Prepaid_Solutions=InteliSpend Prepaid Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh_Housing_Board=Andhra Pradesh Housing Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fetch_TV=Fetch TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMB_Group=BMB Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Duty_Free_Shops=Hellenic Duty Free Shops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwin_Steel_Castings=Goodwin Steel Castings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Pot_Doughnuts=Top Pot Doughnuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enel_Green_Power=Enel Green Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitika=Unitika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amway_Australia=Amway Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_de_cadillac=Casa de cadillac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Porcelain_Factory,_Berlin=Royal Porcelain Factory, Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholz_&_Friends=Scholz & Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_Savings_and_Loans_Limited=Coop Savings and Loans Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yet2.com=Yet2.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Shares=Cherry Shares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyers_Norris_Penny=Meyers Norris Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Suites=Sunshine Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highbridge_Capital_Management=Highbridge Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Holiday_Club=Royal Holiday Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Befimmo=Befimmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omrania_and_Associates=Omrania and Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regionstog=Regionstog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DX_Freight=DX Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_Films=Hawk Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Star_Studios=Fox Star Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Wheaton=Silver Wheaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Industries=Lincoln Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostu=Vostu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adriatic_Croatia_International_Club=Adriatic Croatia International Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanco_Infratech=Lanco Infratech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDK_Factory=KDK Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartface=Smartface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics_Corporation_of_Tamil_Nadu=Electronics Corporation of Tamil Nadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SECURA_Insurance=SECURA Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borders_(Asia_Pacific)=Borders (Asia Pacific)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sertco=Sertco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quizzle=Quizzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekebergbanen_(company)=Ekebergbanen (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_Paymentech=Chase Paymentech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_Duty_Free=Cochin Duty Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Military_Watch=Swiss Military Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_Coffee_Company=Metropolis Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condor_Films=Condor Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Professional_Networks=Summit Professional Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraljevica_Shipyard=Kraljevica Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_North=Verizon North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens_Telecommunications_Company_of_West_Virginia=Citizens Telecommunications Company of West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications_West_Coast=Frontier Communications West Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie's_Kitchen=Charlie's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englishtown_(website)=Englishtown (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_&_Decision=Business & Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HandyGames=HandyGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belen_Echandia=Belen Echandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleNav=TeleNav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Bank_Chad=Commercial Bank Chad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProfitKey_International=ProfitKey International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Hills_Brewery=Blue Hills Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VFLI=VFLI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarlite=Solarlite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeaseWeb=LeaseWeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsenal_AD=Arsenal AD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Capital_Investors=Dolphin Capital Investors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navajo_Communications=Navajo Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellar_Group_(construction_company)=Stellar Group (construction company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications_of_the_Carolinas=Frontier Communications of the Carolinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokuetsu_Paper_Mills=Hokuetsu Paper Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Soda_Co.,_Ltd.=Nippon Soda Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okuma_Corporation=Okuma Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takara_Holdings=Takara Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toagosei=Toagosei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokai_Carbon=Tokai Carbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toppan=Toppan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topy_Industries=Topy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyo_Seikan=Toyo Seikan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comsys=Comsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dowa_Holdings=Dowa Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukuoka_Financial_Group=Fukuoka Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denki_Kagaku_Kogyo=Denki Kagaku Kogyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujikura=Fujikura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heiwa_Real_Estate=Heiwa Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furukawa_Electric=Furukawa Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitachi_Construction_Machinery=Hitachi Construction Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Logistics=Mitsubishi Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JX_Holdings=JX Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsui_Engineering_&_Shipbuilding=Mitsui Engineering & Shipbuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meidensha=Meidensha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruha_Nichiro=Maruha Nichiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MS&AD_Insurance_Group=MS&AD Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Paper_Mills=Mitsubishi Paper Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Kayaku=Nippon Kayaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NGK_Insulators=NGK Insulators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Paper_Industries=Nippon Paper Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Materials=Mitsubishi Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Light_Metal=Nippon Light Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Chemical_Industries=Nissan Chemical Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisshin_Steel=Nisshin Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisshinbo_Industries=Nisshinbo Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitto_Boseki=Nitto Boseki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sompo_Japan_Nipponkoa_Holdings=Sompo Japan Nipponkoa Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisshin_Seifun_Group=Nisshin Seifun Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Metals=Pacific Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T&D_Holdings=T&D Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyu_Land=Tokyu Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTN_Corporation=NTN Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUMCO=SUMCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Chemical=Sumitomo Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salavatnefteorgsintez=Salavatnefteorgsintez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincare_Holdings=Lincare Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercian_Corporation=Mercian Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CloudControl=CloudControl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraig_Biocraft_Laboratories=Kraig Biocraft Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayeah_Games=Ayeah Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kineto_Wireless=Kineto Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TW_Steel=TW Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Motors_Engineering=Marathon Motors Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspereau_Press=Gaspereau Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahner=Zahner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culver_Aircraft_Company=Culver Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasp_Motorcycles=Wasp Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainshark=Brainshark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumbtack_(website)=Thumbtack (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PivotLink=PivotLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeast_Culture_(film_company)=Yeast Culture (film company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probka_Restaurant_Group=Probka Restaurant Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barqi_Tojik=Barqi Tojik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLAM_(clothing)=SLAM (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABCs_of_Attraction=ABCs of Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Gold=New Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helix_(company)=Helix (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomenergomash=Atomenergomash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elecard=Elecard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GottaCon=GottaCon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikroelektronika=Mikroelektronika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstMark_Capital=FirstMark Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications_ILEC_Holdings=Frontier Communications ILEC Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definition_6=Definition 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_(store)=Easy (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telstra_Super=Telstra Super
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberia_(ISP)=Cyberia (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Select_Services=Verizon Select Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_4G=Yes 4G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallus_Holding=Gallus Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newsweek_Daily_Beast_Company=The Newsweek Daily Beast Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdvoCare=AdvoCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HVS_Global_Hospitality_Services=HVS Global Hospitality Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grassroots_Business_Fund=Grassroots Business Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criteo=Criteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EOS_CCA=EOS CCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_Project=Rubicon Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustan's=Rustan's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Chinese=The World of Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FKP_(company)=FKP (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaversum_GmbH=Metaversum GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollie_&_Me=Dollie & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softcard=Softcard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birse_Civils=Birse Civils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skytide=Skytide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEAOIL_Philippines=SEAOIL Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheung_Hing_International_Electrical_Products_Ltd.=Cheung Hing International Electrical Products Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GRG_Banking=GRG Banking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamilnadu_Petroproducts_Limited=Tamilnadu Petroproducts Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Hypermart=Essar Hypermart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biohit=Biohit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gizmo_For_You=Gizmo For You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Insight=Natural Insight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend3D=Legend3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solegear_Bioplastics=Solegear Bioplastics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_for_Everyday=Art for Everyday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microgame_(company)=Microgame (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SEEP_Network=The SEEP Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roock_Racing=Roock Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MILMEGA=MILMEGA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Fajer_Properties=Al Fajer Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Response_(company)=Response (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Agriculture=Frontier Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_for_Measurement_and_Evaluation_of_Communication=International Association for Measurement and Evaluation of Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meebox=Meebox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Creek_Metals=Thompson Creek Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spring_Networks=Silver Spring Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arenaways=Arenaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherborne_Sensors=Sherborne Sensors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nails_Inc.=Nails Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_European_Institute_of_Technology=Central European Institute of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Quality_Logistics=Total Quality Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waupaca_Foundry=Waupaca Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antique_Wine_Company=The Antique Wine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telereal_Trillium=Telereal Trillium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walltopia=Walltopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remke_Markets=Remke Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haima_Automobile=Haima Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Marcopolo=Tata Marcopolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toraya_Confectionery=Toraya Confectionery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcen_Games=Arcen Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niko_Resources=Niko Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus.com=Focus.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ModelSheet=ModelSheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witt_Weiden=Witt Weiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molycorp=Molycorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.H._Alshaya_Co.=M.H. Alshaya Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photocure=Photocure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Hechter_Paris=Daniel Hechter Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley_Hampers=Ripley Hampers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lloyd's_Agency_Network=Lloyd's Agency Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Economics=Frontier Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alimera_Sciences=Alimera Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covenant_Aviation_Security=Covenant Aviation Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant_Eggsquis=Restaurant Eggsquis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladon_Jets=Bladon Jets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Helliet_Management=Michael Helliet Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesla_Factory=Tesla Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Lawyer=Rocket Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alderney_Steam_Packet_Company=Alderney Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DynaVenture=DynaVenture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saga_Cruises=Saga Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Engineering_(HEC)=Hyundai Engineering (HEC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tl_elektronic=Tl elektronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nogacom=Nogacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebiquity=Ebiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathusius_Investments=Nathusius Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bresler's_Ice_Cream=Bresler's Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasdale_Foods=Krasdale Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Barry_Modes=Du Barry Modes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Critical=Vision Critical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhamra_Port=Dhamra Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudden_Impact!_Entertainment_Company=Sudden Impact! Entertainment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOC_Holdings=AOC Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Malo_&_Binic_Steam_Ship_Company=St. Malo & Binic Steam Ship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOIL_Limited=MOIL Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASSETT,_Inc.=ASSETT, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rave_Mobile_Safety=Rave Mobile Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastpoint_Games=Fastpoint Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Bank=Aurora Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antidote_Films_(Australia)=Antidote Films (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulla_Popken=Ulla Popken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haloila=Haloila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stakhanov_Railway_Car_Building_Works=Stakhanov Railway Car Building Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltic_Soft=Baltic Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santaris_Pharma_a/s=Santaris Pharma a/s
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airflow_Developments=Airflow Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo_Corporation=Geo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfizer_UK=Pfizer UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi_Pueblo_Food_Center=Mi Pueblo Food Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leona_Group=The Leona Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadler_Form=Stadler Form
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civica=Civica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreshGames=FreshGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpSource=OpSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photodex=Photodex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldak_Entertainment=Soldak Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sclafani_Foods=Sclafani Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_Brewing_Company=Bavarian Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L&F_Jones=L&F Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_Communication=Plus Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Company_of_Ukraine=Energy Company of Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envirogreen_recycling=Envirogreen recycling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTEK=DTEK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abcdin=Abcdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AddToAny=AddToAny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timocom=Timocom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berdichev_machine-building_plant=Berdichev machine-building plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Link-Belt_Construction_Equipment=Link-Belt Construction Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastel=Nastel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Integer_Group=The Integer Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Satellite=General Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauron_Group=Tauron Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauron_Wytwarzanie=Tauron Wytwarzanie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frima_Studio=Frima Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rans_Designs=Rans Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroukoff_Aircraft=Stroukoff Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagnie_du_Ponant=Compagnie du Ponant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strands_Recommender=Strands Recommender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyBridge_Capital=SkyBridge Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroflex=Aeroflex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_(studio)=Das (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchard_Supply_Hardware=Orchard Supply Hardware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10th_Legion_Championship_Fighting=10th Legion Championship Fighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitars_in_the_Classroom=Guitars in the Classroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essar_Steel=Essar Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlecade_Extreme_Fighting=Battlecade Extreme Fighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Company=Island Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Nepal=Hello Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pewag_group=Pewag group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRMP=CRMP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basware=Basware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueScale_Miniatures=TrueScale Miniatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Library_Corporation=The Library Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IP_Fabrics=IP Fabrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipca_Laboratories=Ipca Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Dairy_Board=Irish Dairy Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WTAS=WTAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YES_Snowboards=YES Snowboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huvitz=Huvitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CareFusion=CareFusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binani_Cement=Binani Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binani_Industries_Ltd=Binani Industries Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hifigear=Hifigear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Textile_and_Industries=Century Textile and Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finolex_Cables=Finolex Cables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didiom=Didiom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_of_River_Power=Run of River Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CognoVision=CognoVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Aircraft_Corporation=Stewart Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Interactive=Liberty Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyFax=MyFax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innergex_Renewable_Energy=Innergex Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wickes_Furniture=Wickes Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aussie_(financial_group)=Aussie (financial group)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsons_Supermarket=Robinsons Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Gold=Royal Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freudenberg_IT=Freudenberg IT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numara_Software=Numara Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tachi_Palace_Fights=Tachi Palace Fights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Teaching_Excellence=Center for Teaching Excellence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guidewire_Software=Guidewire Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philabundance=Philabundance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mt._Vernon_Sleep_Galleries=Mt. Vernon Sleep Galleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huayi_Brothers=Huayi Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OVH=OVH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion_Energy=Vermilion Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill-Fields_Entertainment=Hill-Fields Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noodle_Kidoodle=Noodle Kidoodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sazerac_Company=Sazerac Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagineer_(Japanese_company)=Imagineer (Japanese company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooyah=Mooyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_Capital=Cornwall Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Transportation_Service=International Transportation Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intact_Financial=Intact Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Ethics_Aei=Standard Ethics Aei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coffee_Groundz=The Coffee Groundz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ctrip=Ctrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_de_Velde_N.V.=Van de Velde N.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redtail_Telematics_Corporation=Redtail Telematics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_International_Media_Networks_(Africa)=Viacom International Media Networks (Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gevo,_Inc=Gevo, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Arms=Marble Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saul_Group=The Saul Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CommerceHub=CommerceHub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CooperVision=CooperVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_of_Youth_Organizations_Nepal=Association of Youth Organizations Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realizar_Worldwide_Events=Realizar Worldwide Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MortgageLoan=MortgageLoan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arphic_Technology=Arphic Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDS_Holding=CDS Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Competitor_Group,_Inc.=Competitor Group, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestal_Watches=Vestal Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Power=King Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Engineering_Public_Company_Limited=International Engineering Public Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighterion=Brighterion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SM_Supermarket=SM Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALV_Talent_Circuit=ALV Talent Circuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euriware=Euriware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezolution_Pictures=Rezolution Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Coin_Wholesalers=Rare Coin Wholesalers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BOMAG=BOMAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WolfVision=WolfVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See-Saw_Films=See-Saw Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Biosciences=Pacific Biosciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Media_Animation=Next Media Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AZ_Electronic_Materials=AZ Electronic Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LondonMetric_Property=LondonMetric Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAN_Diesel_&_Turbo=MAN Diesel & Turbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avery_Brewing_Company=Avery Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtranormal=Xtranormal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowa_Automatisierungssysteme=Rowa Automatisierungssysteme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R3_(marketing_consultants)=R3 (marketing consultants)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzzinbees=Buzzinbees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smarterphone=Smarterphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrington_Griffiths_Watch_Company=Barrington Griffiths Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Container_Line=Atlantic Container Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnoLux_Corporation=InnoLux Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiertex_Design_Studios=Tiertex Design Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymer_Char=Polymer Char
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Hage=Van Hage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primedia_Broadcasting=Primedia Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pimlico_Plumbers=Pimlico Plumbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Nuclear_Power=Horizon Nuclear Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodak_Express=Kodak Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Green=Studio Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wortmann=Wortmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZR_Speaker_Lab=ZR Speaker Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W_&_J_Galloway_&_Sons=W & J Galloway & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apranga=Apranga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Power_Networks=UK Power Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riversdale_Mining=Riversdale Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KazakhGold=KazakhGold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Barrie=Chester Barrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willmott_Dixon=Willmott Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_Research_Association_of_India=Automotive Research Association of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netinera=Netinera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnGreen=OnGreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INKAS=INKAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo-Mobile=Yo-Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duffy_Books_in_Homes=Duffy Books in Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker_guitars=Becker guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xi'an_Famous_Foods=Xi'an Famous Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroic_Television=Heroic Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Therapure_BioPharma_Inc=Therapure BioPharma Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Churchill_Machine_Tool_Company=The Churchill Machine Tool Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean,_Smith_&_Grace=Dean, Smith & Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Essential=Mission Essential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novacam_Technologies=Novacam Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peek_(mobile_Internet_device)=Peek (mobile Internet device)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okinawa_Electric_Power_Company=Okinawa Electric Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Venture_Partners=Terra Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Software_(Mobile_Device_Management)=Odyssey Software (Mobile Device Management)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPI_Products=OPI Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duke_Manufacturing_Company=Duke Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanchen_Group=Hanchen Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patient_First=Patient First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCC_Group=PCC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinovel=Sinovel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zong_Pakistan=Zong Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingyang_Wind_Power=Mingyang Wind Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acumed=Acumed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_de_Panay=Pueblo de Panay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriminzokkiri=Uriminzokkiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAL_Technologies_Inc.=TAL Technologies Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InternetCash.com=InternetCash.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewYorker=NewYorker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imavision=Imavision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wesizwe_Platinum=Wesizwe Platinum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avolon=Avolon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GS_Caltex=GS Caltex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miko_Coffee=Miko Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chugoku_Electric_Power_Company=Chugoku Electric Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUNAB=SUNAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaha_Hadid_Architects=Zaha Hadid Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banter_Media=Banter Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctech_Helsinki_Shipyard=Arctech Helsinki Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Tyres=Birla Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WestNet_Wireless=WestNet Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinda_Tilismath=Zinda Tilismath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampath_Bank=Sampath Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Mark_Credit_Information_Services=High Mark Credit Information Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HUGE_(digital_agency)=HUGE (digital agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest_Spices=Everest Spices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilk_Elektronik=Wilk Elektronik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenneke=Brenneke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Transportation_Hub_Authority=Global Transportation Hub Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azot_(Cherkasy)=Azot (Cherkasy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEPPIC=SEPPIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JZ_Microphones=JZ Microphones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baytex_Energy=Baytex Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benfica_Stars_Fund=Benfica Stars Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_Monetary_and_Financial_Institutions_Forum=Official Monetary and Financial Institutions Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca_Braun=Coca Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Coffee=New England Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brady_Corporation=Brady Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taniq=Taniq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Pipeline=Inter Pipeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipan_Industries=Jaipan Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Ghost_Press=Grey Ghost Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moncler=Moncler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_Design_Group=Edison Design Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattingly_Sports=Mattingly Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaxLinear=MaxLinear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inovalon=Inovalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patxi's_Chicago_Pizza=Patxi's Chicago Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_&_Susan_Dell_Foundation=Michael & Susan Dell Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Organic_Chemicals_Limited=Hindustan Organic Chemicals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundberg-Ferar=Sundberg-Ferar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiter_&_Miller_Advertising=Seiter & Miller Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEM_Motoring_Assist=GEM Motoring Assist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PACE_Sports_Management=PACE Sports Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Car_Club_(London)=Classic Car Club (London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decagon_Devices=Decagon Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castrol_India=Castrol India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novel,_Inc.=Novel, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clariant_Chemicals=Clariant Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipsen_International_Holding=Ipsen International Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&T_Dynamics=S&T Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evertune=Evertune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnePoll=OnePoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Dock_Brewing_Company=Dry Dock Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarabridge=Clarabridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaCure=MetaCure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gitanjali_Group=Gitanjali Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railpool=Railpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Sense_Media=Common Sense Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Ormonde_Fitzpatrick=Phillips Ormonde Fitzpatrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parco_(retailer)=Parco (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_Broadcasting=SF Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichibanya=Ichibanya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batliboi=Batliboi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakshatra_Jewellery=Nakshatra Jewellery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Oaks_Family_Naturist_Park=Bare Oaks Family Naturist Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isewan_Terminal_Service=Isewan Terminal Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattarkkulam=Pattarkkulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRC_Markets=MRC Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoe_Show=Shoe Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOG_Studios=KOG Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhaichung_Bhutia_Football_Schools=Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Mobile=Cherry Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Co-op_Bookshop=The Co-op Bookshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellebrite=Cellebrite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Director_of_Public_Transport=Director of Public Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WidePoint_Corporation=WidePoint Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Creator=Church of the Creator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigteams=Bigteams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panvidea=Panvidea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmers_Gardenworld=Palmers Gardenworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Jazeera_Media_Network=Al Jazeera Media Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Joaquin_Light_and_Power_Corporation=San Joaquin Light and Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephone_Operating_Company_of_Vermont=Telephone Operating Company of Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schiedel=Schiedel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parfois_(fashion_accessories)=Parfois (fashion accessories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howe_&_Howe_Technologies=Howe & Howe Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skydance_Productions=Skydance Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Immersion_(augmented_reality)=Total Immersion (augmented reality)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bruery=The Bruery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_E&M_Music_Performance_Division=CJ E&M Music Performance Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meraker_Brug=Meraker Brug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punchbowl.com=Punchbowl.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clydesdale_(retailer)=Clydesdale (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunflower_Farmers_Market=Sunflower Farmers Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OmniPeace=OmniPeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Det_Norske_Oljeselskap_ASA=Det Norske Oljeselskap ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SysAid_Technologies=SysAid Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemrec=Chemrec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drogheda_Steam_Packet_Company=Drogheda Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletrobras_Cepel=Eletrobras Cepel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMP_Merchandising=EMP Merchandising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Capital_Markets=Derwent Capital Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcade=Barcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toolbox.com=Toolbox.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuntz_Electroplating=Kuntz Electroplating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri_Fur_Company=Missouri Fur Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C12G=C12G
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_General_Steam_Navigation_Company=Bristol General Steam Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIDAX=LIDAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lancashire_Steam_Navigation_Company=North Lancashire Steam Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.y.e.=F.y.e.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda_Stock_Exchange=Rwanda Stock Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europa_Press_(news_agency)=Europa Press (news agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundalk_Steam_Packet_Company=Dundalk Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundalk_and_Newry_Steam_Packet_Company=Dundalk and Newry Steam Packet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scalado=Scalado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AERO_Specialties=AERO Specialties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centum_Investment_Company_Limited=Centum Investment Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_World_Distribution=Heroes World Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciel_Satellite_Group=Ciel Satellite Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_MediaWorks=Reliance MediaWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterford_Steamship_Company=Waterford Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_Steamship_Company=Belfast Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_Lines=Coast Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyne_Tees_Steam_Shipping_Company=Tyne Tees Steam Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earwolf=Earwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Estates_Wines_&_Spirits_Ltd.=Diamond Estates Wines & Spirits Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Control_Specialists=Waste Control Specialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optical_88=Optical 88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thermos_L.L.C.=Thermos L.L.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Line_Group=East Line Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarabeefilms=Scarabeefilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femern_A/S=Femern A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AfterCollege=AfterCollege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruise_&_Maritime_Voyages=Cruise & Maritime Voyages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myeloma_Canada=Myeloma Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BackType=BackType
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VWorker=VWorker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_(aircraft_manufacturer)=Abraham (aircraft manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeway_Foods=Lifeway Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khakas_Aluminium_Smelter=Khakas Aluminium Smelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chips&Media=Chips&Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_India_Ltd=Welspun India Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_Retail_Ltd=Welspun Retail Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_Group=Welspun Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_Corp_Ltd=Welspun Corp Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luggage_Forward=Luggage Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herlocher_Foods=Herlocher Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_Maxsteel_Ltd=Welspun Maxsteel Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terkenlis=Terkenlis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boguchany_Aluminium_Smelter=Boguchany Aluminium Smelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sims_Studio=The Sims Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_Syntex_Ltd=Welspun Syntex Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryvandsbanen=Tryvandsbanen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogecuatro=Sogecuatro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenCube_Technologies=OpenCube Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Forms=Action Forms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electravia=Electravia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelen_pivo=Jelen pivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friars_Aylesbury=Friars Aylesbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incheon_Transit_Corporation=Incheon Transit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CasterStats=CasterStats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shackleton_Energy_Company=Shackleton Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actifio=Actifio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haitel=Haitel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Mountain_Brewing_Company=Elk Mountain Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Fit=World Fit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembina_Pipeline=Pembina Pipeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DE_Photo=DE Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_Investments_and_Commercials_Ltd=Welspun Investments and Commercials Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyMajorCompany=MyMajorCompany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Ltd=Raymond Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_USA_Inc=Welspun USA Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman_Oil_Company=Oman Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doxim_Inc.=Doxim Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeeksPhone=GeeksPhone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wooster_Book_Company=The Wooster Book Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._C._Stearns_&_Company=E. C. Stearns & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.Bon_Holdings=E.Bon Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_People=The Book People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Mai_Creative_City=Chiang Mai Creative City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WePay=WePay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukand_Ltd=Mukand Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Ordnance=U.S. Ordnance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tips_Industries_Limited=Tips Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steidl=Steidl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_(store)=More (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heijmans=Heijmans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder_Pharmaceuticals=Elder Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VolkerWessels=VolkerWessels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritime_Industrial_Services=Maritime Industrial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_&_J_Templeton=R & J Templeton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(Indian_retailer)=Next (Indian retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Sam_Pretzels=Hot Sam Pretzels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melstar_Information_Technologies=Melstar Information Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orr's=Orr's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Boats=Clyde Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Surf=Digital Surf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadridge_Financial_Solutions=Broadridge Financial Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centric_Multimedia=Centric Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucher_Hydraulics=Bucher Hydraulics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Media=Taxi Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immerse_Learning=Immerse Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._C._Stearns_Bicycle_Agency=E. C. Stearns Bicycle Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RagWing_Aircraft_Designs=RagWing Aircraft Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RocketShip_Tours=RocketShip Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingfisher_International=Kingfisher International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilly's=Tilly's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramel_Pictures=Caramel Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CupruMin=CupruMin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offshore_Spars=Offshore Spars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoCanada=AutoCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DealCenter=DealCenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevsun_Resources=Nevsun Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_&_Western_Bank_of_Canada=Pacific & Western Bank of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail_World=Rail World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Motor_Company=Ford Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_West=Bank West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merc_Clothing=Merc Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialog_Semiconductor=Dialog Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welspun_Energy=Welspun Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplan_Business_School=Kaplan Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transpetrol_Limited=Transpetrol Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare's_Pizza=Shakespeare's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berg_Propulsion=Berg Propulsion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berli_Jucker=Berli Jucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xoom_Corporation=Xoom Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagara_Ltd=Kagara Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeboyd_Games=Zeboyd Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Computer_Consultants=Oxford Computer Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuonela_Productions_Ltd=Tuonela Productions Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCS_Europe=DCS Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavotec=Cavotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangkok_Insurance=Bangkok Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henke_&_Pillot=Henke & Pillot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_and_Commercial_Development_Corporation=Industrial and Commercial Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowcom=Nowcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentworth_Wooden_Puzzles=Wentworth Wooden Puzzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeVestors_of_America=HomeVestors of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony_House=Harmony House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashly_Audio=Ashly Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Value_Plastics=Value Plastics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_News_Agency=Qatar News Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Hospitals=Sterling Hospitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sallsell=Sallsell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barebabies=Barebabies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cundall_Johnston_and_Partners=Cundall Johnston and Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherwood_Co-op=Sherwood Co-op
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transitions_Optical=Transitions Optical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecca_Leisure_Group=Mecca Leisure Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adani_Power=Adani Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouibox=Ouibox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peas_of_Mind=Peas of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juniperus_Capital=Juniperus Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Wireless=Allied Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_Group=Shine Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2Spot_Communications=2Spot Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takargo_Rail=Takargo Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Current_Publishing_(UK)=Current Publishing (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands-African_Business_Council=Netherlands-African Business Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enza_Zaden=Enza Zaden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RRI_Rhein_Ruhr_International=RRI Rhein Ruhr International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gehrlicher_Solar=Gehrlicher Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laborelec=Laborelec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedmoi_Kontinent=Sedmoi Kontinent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Communities=Sun Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saeta_(brand)=Saeta (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfor=Belfor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_Ridge_Resort=Predator Ridge Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prinoth_(company)=Prinoth (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macau_Computer_Emergency_Response_Team_Coordination_Centre=Macau Computer Emergency Response Team Coordination Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaudhary_Group=Chaudhary Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rightware=Rightware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_CSP=Aalborg CSP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DocSTAR=DocSTAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massive_Development=Massive Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlson_Aircraft=Carlson Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Valley_Microelectronics=Silicon Valley Microelectronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esterbrook=Esterbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dela_Cruz_English_Club=Dela Cruz English Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PBG_SA=PBG SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEW_Hennigsdorf=LEW Hennigsdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comarit=Comarit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_de_Tecnologia_Canavieira=Centro de Tecnologia Canavieira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammarplast=Hammarplast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETAS_Group=ETAS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microtask=Microtask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintessentially_Group=Quintessentially Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Consulting_Group=Command Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Theatres=Warren Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Hutton_Institute=James Hutton Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altair_Semiconductor=Altair Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JETT_customer_experience=JETT customer experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persephone_Theatre=Persephone Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_&_Titus=Mitchell & Titus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svensson_(company)=Svensson (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprint_Applied_Research_&_Advanced_Technology_Labs=Sprint Applied Research & Advanced Technology Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSW_Cement=JSW Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESG_Solutions=ESG Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilson_Brothers_Co.=Gilson Brothers Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmyard_Holdings=Filmyard Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant_Delights_Nursery=Plant Delights Nursery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nali_Sauce=Nali Sauce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VINCE.=VINCE.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell_Tanks=Caldwell Tanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eko_India_Financial_Services=Eko India Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NordWestBahn=NordWestBahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Tunes,_Inc.=Exit Tunes, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daintee=Daintee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CraftWorks_Restaurants_&_Breweries=CraftWorks Restaurants & Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farra_Design_Center=Farra Design Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitcairn_Aircraft_Company=Pitcairn Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floxx=Floxx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wong_Tung_&_Partners=Wong Tung & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesizers.com=Synthesizers.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Rickenbacker_products=List of Rickenbacker products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIP_Art_Fair=VIP Art Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Capital_Group=Home Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.R._Owen=H.R. Owen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Gaucho=El Gaucho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O&O_Software=O&O Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telkom_Mobile=Telkom Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rede_Energia=Rede Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Ugine_Steel=Mahindra Ugine Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronics_Design_Group=Electronics Design Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sintex_Industries=Sintex Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connolly,_Inc=Connolly, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renfro_Foods=Renfro Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Pro_Sound=All Pro Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornerstone_(agency)=Cornerstone (agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sydney_Bus_Company=South Sydney Bus Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Latin_America=Turner Broadcasting System Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecnomasio=Tecnomasio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.C.G.T=A.C.G.T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_&_E_Wood=J & E Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_System_Operation_Corporation=Power System Operation Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijoux_Terner=Bijoux Terner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minacs=Minacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidolph=Heidolph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilingual_Books=Bilingual Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boticca=Boticca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightspeed_Systems=Lightspeed Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stat-Ease=Stat-Ease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byyd=Byyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superchips=Superchips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invesco_PowerShares=Invesco PowerShares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epoq_Group=Epoq Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AuraOne_Systems=AuraOne Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawtai=Hawtai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles_Health_System=St. Charles Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Dragon_Gas=Green Dragon Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedat_&_Co=Bedat & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collings_Guitars=Collings Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojang=Mojang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Force_(company)=Color Force (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Entertainment_Group=Titan Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaman's_Furniture=Seaman's Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Fire_and_Security_Group=China Fire and Security Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Dynamics=Capital Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elcom_Technology=Elcom Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5by5_Studios=5by5 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajaj_Electricals=Bajaj Electricals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Production=Martha Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajaj_Group=Bajaj Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albinvest=Albinvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UtiliVisor=UtiliVisor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._DuMont_Schauberg=M. DuMont Schauberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SnapLogic=SnapLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migme=Migme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_Guitar_Corporation=Gibson Guitar Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galbraith_supermarkets=Galbraith supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beachbody=Beachbody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_Principe=Bahia Principe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Sonica=Studio Sonica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schroff_GmbH=Schroff GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adland=Adland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KleenSpeed_Technologies=KleenSpeed Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citi_Trends=Citi Trends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casual_Corner=Casual Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewGin=NewGin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MHP_Communications=MHP Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weintraub_Entertainment_Group=Weintraub Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Director,_Transport_Safety=Director, Transport Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews_&_Arnold=Andrews & Arnold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pari_Networks=Pari Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_MacBrayne=David MacBrayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampal-American_Israel_Corporation=Ampal-American Israel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Sweden=Turner Broadcasting System Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobinex=Mobinex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaha_electric_guitar_models=Yamaha electric guitar models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chennai_MetroWater_Supply_and_Sewage_Board=Chennai MetroWater Supply and Sewage Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Director,_Public_Transport_Safety=Director, Public Transport Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Yamaha_guitars=List of Yamaha guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Securus,_Inc.=Securus, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Clear=Carbon Clear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellectis=Cellectis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servio=Servio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CYBRA=CYBRA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Property_Trust=Camden Property Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_Collection=Tea Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEN_Networks=DEN Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Morgan_(language_school)=Dean Morgan (language school)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Sky=Same Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Marble_Geographics=Blue Marble Geographics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmalz_Vacuum_Technology_Ltd=Schmalz Vacuum Technology Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epigenomics_AG=Epigenomics AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Textile_Company=Standard Textile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagan_Technologies=Lagan Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expolanka=Expolanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exstream_Software=Exstream Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junebud=Junebud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hima_Cement_Limited=Hima Cement Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havanna_(Argentine_company)=Havanna (Argentine company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearpaw_(footwear)=Bearpaw (footwear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneSimCard=OneSimCard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Denmark=Turner Broadcasting System Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karbonn_Mobiles=Karbonn Mobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberoi_Realty=Oberoi Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religare=Religare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megazebra=Megazebra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adcock_Ingram=Adcock Ingram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Modern_Insurance_Group,_Inc.=American Modern Insurance Group, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Brothers=Allen Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecumen=Ecumen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petromin_Corporation=Petromin Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merak_Film_S.r.l=Merak Film S.r.l
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crew_Energy=Crew Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ybrant_Digital=Ybrant Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Temperature_Instruments=Electronic Temperature Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montefiore_Club=Montefiore Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC3_Music_Group=DC3 Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Safe=Liberty Safe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One=Entertainment One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumbrian_Water=Northumbrian Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbula=Nimbula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V3_Gaming_PC=V3 Gaming PC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Network_Development_Studio_Europe=Cartoon Network Development Studio Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_International=Butler International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detour_Gold=Detour Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDI_Corporation=CDI Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_Sales=Vijay Sales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LifeSpring_Hospitals=LifeSpring Hospitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalnirnay=Kalnirnay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audit_Bureau_of_Circulations_(India)=Audit Bureau of Circulations (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydroscand=Hydroscand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinara_Group=Sinara Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin_Hood_Ventures=Robin Hood Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_Towers=Indus Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainova=Mainova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Company=Brown Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luanvi=Luanvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinara_transport_machines=Sinara transport machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Peak_Systems=Silver Peak Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Italy=Turner Broadcasting System Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_France=Turner Broadcasting System France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damavand_Mineral_Water_Co.=Damavand Mineral Water Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellaktor=Ellaktor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Met_Foods=Met Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reithoffer_Shows=Reithoffer Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Mayors_Council_on_Climate_Change=World Mayors Council on Climate Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScoreBig=ScoreBig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clever_Bins=Clever Bins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Spain=Turner Broadcasting System Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Russia=Turner Broadcasting System Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menchie's_Frozen_Yogurt=Menchie's Frozen Yogurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zomato=Zomato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Books=Marvel Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway_Pelagic=Norway Pelagic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bic_Camera=Bic Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Wyse=Dell Wyse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamuna_Oil_Company=Jamuna Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydromash=Hydromash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNR_Datong_Electric_Locomotive_Co.=CNR Datong Electric Locomotive Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samaritans_Hong_Kong=The Samaritans Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Hungary=Turner Broadcasting System Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Romania=Turner Broadcasting System Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Germany=Turner Broadcasting System Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Arabic=Turner Broadcasting System Arabic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetalSucks=MetalSucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubberman_Denmark=Dubberman Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Airlines_Group=China Airlines Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forum_Media_Group=Forum Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consortium_on_Financial_Systems_and_Poverty=Consortium on Financial Systems and Poverty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neff_GmbH=Neff GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Roots_(company)=Grass Roots (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoIntegris=NanoIntegris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Chest=Film Chest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Asia_Pacific=Turner Broadcasting System Asia Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campaigns_&_Grey=Campaigns & Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tideland_Signal=Tideland Signal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangdang=Dangdang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Citizen_Service=National Citizen Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlassFrog_International_Aid_Organization=GlassFrog International Aid Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GL_Noble_Denton=GL Noble Denton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fissler=Fissler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Intuition=First Intuition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Enemies=Best Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Investigator,_Transport_Safety=Chief Investigator, Transport Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Sponsorship_Programme_South_Africa=Student Sponsorship Programme South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajanta_Pharma=Ajanta Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOSTT=KOSTT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watts,_Griffis_and_McOuat_Limited=Watts, Griffis and McOuat Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nussli_Group=Nussli Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Bread_(game_developer)=French Bread (game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltrona_Frau=Poltrona Frau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tendo_Mokko=Tendo Mokko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyman_Cinemas=Everyman Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Models=Silent Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NSPCL=NSPCL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFS_Continental=CFS Continental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlashNotes=FlashNotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defense_Land_Systems=Defense Land Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Teas=Capital Teas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubberman_Finland=Dubberman Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majestic_Crest_Theatre=Majestic Crest Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VS_Hydro=VS Hydro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransDigm_Group=TransDigm Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namma_Veedu_Vasanta_Bhavan=Namma Veedu Vasanta Bhavan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kale_Kilit=Kale Kilit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lil'_Teammates=Lil' Teammates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Barrel=Fox Barrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CatLab_Interactive=CatLab Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_Manufacturing=Quicksilver Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samoa_Tourism_Authority=Samoa Tourism Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBGary=HBGary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Jungles_Inc.=Raymond Jungles Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixelmetrix=Pixelmetrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTB/McGraw-Hill=CTB/McGraw-Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advertising_Standards_Council_of_India=Advertising Standards Council of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squadron_Capital=Squadron Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sass_&_bide=Sass & bide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynote_Systems=Keynote Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go-To_Transport=Go-To Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Bunny=Brooklyn Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiant3_Productions=Radiant3 Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenexa=Kenexa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FERROVIENORD=FERROVIENORD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just5=Just5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Depository_Services_Limited=Central Depository Services Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LGI_Homes=LGI Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyeth=Wyeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounds_True=Sounds True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobius_Motors=Mobius Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taoyuan_International_Airport_Corporation=Taoyuan International Airport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinetic_Traction_Systems=Kinetic Traction Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RegioJet=RegioJet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell's_Brewery=Bell's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobeCast_World_TV=GlobeCast World TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_&_Gloucester=Cheltenham & Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisner_&_Iger=Eisner & Iger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Produced=Virgin Produced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNCB_Logistics=SNCB Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entertainer_(retailer)=The Entertainer (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Toys=Marvel Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinsegae=Shinsegae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DataMarket=DataMarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_International=Cameron International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambretta=Lambretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TUI_Travel=TUI Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeighborWorks_America=NeighborWorks America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carenet_Healthcare_Services=Carenet Healthcare Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebherr_Group=Liebherr Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belvision_Studios=Belvision Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Offshore_Oil_Corporation=China National Offshore Oil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_India=Vodafone India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sogo_&_Seibu=Sogo & Seibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Indian_Medical_&_Dental_Association_of_Canada=Northern Indian Medical & Dental Association of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAC_Cosmetics=MAC Cosmetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avita_Medical=Avita Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipyard_Brewing_Company=Shipyard Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_State_Digital=Blue State Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_&_Shop/Giant-Landover=Stop & Shop/Giant-Landover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molson_Coors_Brewing_Company=Molson Coors Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LSI_Corporation=LSI Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Drill_Company=Superior Drill Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobinil=Mobinil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycles_Peugeot=Cycles Peugeot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Ami_(adult_film_company)=Bel Ami (adult film company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HUSS_Park_Attractions=HUSS Park Attractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planisware=Planisware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q_Entertainment=Q Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodafone_Turkey=Vodafone Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_(boats)=Formula (boats)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany_Ferries=Brittany Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Brewing_Company=Lone Star Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EBSCO_Industries=EBSCO Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westnet=Westnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCann_Erickson=McCann Erickson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwestern_Bell=Southwestern Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannaford_Brothers_Company=Hannaford Brothers Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milkyway_Image=Milkyway Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visayan_Electric_Company_(VECO)=Visayan Electric Company (VECO)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaker_Steak_&_Lube=Quaker Steak & Lube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CYTA=CYTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daewoo_Bus=Daewoo Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topper's_Pizza_(Canadian_restaurant)=Topper's Pizza (Canadian restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salzburg_Research=Salzburg Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRBD=SRBD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T/Space=T/Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bain_&_Company=Bain & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avira=Avira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaguchi_Broadcasting=Yamaguchi Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windham_Hill_Records=Windham Hill Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Comics=Epic Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_Inc.=Anthem Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihon_Bussan=Nihon Bussan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RotorWay_International=RotorWay International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team17=Team17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daikin=Daikin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pret_a_Manger=Pret a Manger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Natural_Resources=Canadian Natural Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slater_and_Gordon_Lawyers=Slater and Gordon Lawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FEMSA=FEMSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears_Holdings=Sears Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merck_&_Co.=Merck & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-Mobile_(Poland)=T-Mobile (Poland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTPC_Limited=NTPC Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl's_Jr.=Carl's Jr.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNV_GL=DNV GL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtX=ArtX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Reels=Penn Reels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_Studios=Mirage Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Enrichment_Corporation=United States Enrichment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumbs_Bake_Shop=Crumbs Bake Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Connection_(clothing)=French Connection (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peikko_Group=Peikko Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OdanLaboratories=OdanLaboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timico=Timico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivi,_Inc.=Ivi, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_LLC=Eleven LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_International_Australia=Turner International Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Civil_Supplies_Corporation=Tamil Nadu Civil Supplies Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Services=Horizon Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Basketball_Partners=Boston Basketball Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziplocal=Ziplocal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TARGIT_Business_Intelligence=TARGIT Business Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilit=Nilit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maire_Tecnimont=Maire Tecnimont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilfinger_Deutsche_Babcock_Middle_East=Bilfinger Deutsche Babcock Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Babcock_Al_Jaber=Deutsche Babcock Al Jaber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CR_Brands=CR Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChemPro=ChemPro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emptoris=Emptoris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsovet_Time_Instruments=Tsovet Time Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Realty_Partners=Liquid Realty Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausgrid=Ausgrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massillon_Bridge_Company=Massillon Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyber_City,_Kochi=Cyber City, Kochi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_Asia_Summit=Click Asia Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Accountability=Keystone Accountability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HackFwd=HackFwd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Supermarket=The People's Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emnico_Technologies=Emnico Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weld-On=Weld-On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SME_Rating_Agency_of_India=SME Rating Agency of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christian_Moerlein_Brewing_Co.=Christian Moerlein Brewing Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buc-ee's=Buc-ee's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Chilcott=Martin Chilcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incahoot_Ltd=Incahoot Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkeia_Software=Arkeia Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Hitachi_Nuclear_Energy=GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Thomas_Financial=John Thomas Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HauteLook=HauteLook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Chemistry_Development=Advanced Chemistry Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BharatBenz=BharatBenz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Standard_Resources=Silver Standard Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Unichip_Corporation=Global Unichip Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northgas=Northgas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companhia_das_Naus=Companhia das Naus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CardHub.com=CardHub.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GREE,_Inc.=GREE, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedham_Pottery=Dedham Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conferry=Conferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTRI_Office_of_Policy_Analysis_and_Research=GTRI Office of Policy Analysis and Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallendorfer_Porzellan=Wallendorfer Porzellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eio_Books=Eio Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H-E-B_Mexico=H-E-B Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telarus=Telarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Natural_Resources=Alpha Natural Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehboob_Studio=Mehboob Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmodo=Edmodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gameshastra=Gameshastra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Majestic_Silver=First Majestic Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFI_Technology_Inc=EFI Technology Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreightCar_America=FreightCar America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Pollution_Control_Board=Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassell_(architecture_firm)=Hassell (architecture firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Film_(Poland)=Master Film (Poland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_i=BMW i
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supreme_(clothing)=Supreme (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specim=Specim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canovate=Canovate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AustralianSuper=AustralianSuper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instructure=Instructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyryx_Learning_Inc=Lyryx Learning Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophias_Style_Boutique=Sophias Style Boutique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RISC_OS_Open=RISC OS Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagafen_Cellars=Hagafen Cellars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dierbergs_Markets=Dierbergs Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weqaya=Weqaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tous_Les_Jours=Tous Les Jours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T-VIPS=T-VIPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Mar_Knives=Al Mar Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybrid_Air_Vehicles=Hybrid Air Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dun_&_Bradstreet_Credibility_Corp=Dun & Bradstreet Credibility Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nira_Dynamics_AB=Nira Dynamics AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Kind_Direct=In Kind Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_A_Daly=Leo A Daly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratnagiri_Gas_and_Power=Ratnagiri Gas and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiband=Multiband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandarana_Records=Chandarana Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELong=ELong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republika_Srpska_Railways=Republika Srpska Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALiX_Project=ALiX Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakhurst_Dairy=Oakhurst Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_for_Kids=Rock for Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locus_Technologies=Locus Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFTBA_Records=DFTBA Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_Data=G Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appirio=Appirio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MMA_Raju=MMA Raju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Council_for_Commerce_and_Logistics=Allied Council for Commerce and Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railways_of_the_Federation_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Railways of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viz_Media_Europe=Viz Media Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeeran=Jeeran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niwango=Niwango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Post=Saudi Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexteer_Automotive=Nexteer Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran_Tractor_Manufacturing_Company=Iran Tractor Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_Diesel_Engines=Atlantis Diesel Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_Data_Systems=Corona Data Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaverse_Mod_Squad=Metaverse Mod Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordeus=Nordeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Univan_Ship_Management=Univan Ship Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Salman_Center_for_Disability_Research=King Salman Center for Disability Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papel_Prensa=Papel Prensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Exploration_Mining_and_Finance_Corporation=African Exploration Mining and Finance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Investment=Universal Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilesco=Wilesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_Industri_Kereta_Api=PT Industri Kereta Api
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlowHost=GlowHost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essential_Energy=Essential Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavour_Energy=Endeavour Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funtactix=Funtactix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventive_Designers=Inventive Designers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commit_Media=Commit Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cxense=Cxense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninkasi_Brewing_Company=Ninkasi Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ooyala=Ooyala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Cable_Productions=Universal Cable Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Media=Here Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resperion=Resperion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemical_Diversity=Chemical Diversity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gapforce=Gapforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qorvis=Qorvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MagCloud=MagCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquity_Group=Acquity Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_Development_Technologies=Product Development Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaplan=Anaplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GroupSpaces=GroupSpaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Aerospace=Mahindra Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outsourcery=Outsourcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actelion=Actelion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_donau=Via donau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Simulations=Reality Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transzap=Transzap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loquendo=Loquendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modica_Group=Modica Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandra_Audio=Alexandra Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Enterprise_Association=Social Enterprise Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature's_Variety=Nature's Variety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglia_Components=Anglia Components
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightroam=Brightroam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Styl_Group=Nowy Styl Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter_Broadcasting=Jupiter Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyon_Ranch=Canyon Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bplats=Bplats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Buildings=Stone Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payoneer=Payoneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolutions_Television=Evolutions Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Scotia_Gaming_Corporation=Nova Scotia Gaming Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start_International_Polska=Start International Polska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leptos_Estates=Leptos Estates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ameco_Beijing=Ameco Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Schaick_and_Company=Van Schaick and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikkeller=Mikkeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRESS=IRESS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idio=Idio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Baking_Company=Continental Baking Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pathology_Partners=American Pathology Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_One_Studios=Square One Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LuxAnimation=LuxAnimation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zynga_with_Friends=Zynga with Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Productions=Peacock Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave's_Killer_Bread=Dave's Killer Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copyright_Licensing_Agency=Copyright Licensing Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_&_Company=Russell & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digia=Digia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_&_Bare_Co.=Wild & Bare Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BYU_Adlab=BYU Adlab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EHDD=EHDD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyedentity_Games=Eyedentity Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Smith_Aeroplane_Company=Rex Smith Aeroplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trulia=Trulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vionnet_(company)=Vionnet (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamco=Kamco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federated_Mutual_Insurance_Company=Federated Mutual Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yardsellr=Yardsellr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_&_Co.=Perry & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagster=Zagster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socket_(telecommunications)=Socket (telecommunications)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Art_Industries=Bleeding Art Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynas=Lynas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiendas_Extra=Tiendas Extra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behran_Oil_Company=Behran Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvato=Anvato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska-Gastineau_Mining_Company=Alaska-Gastineau Mining Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castolin_Eutectic=Castolin Eutectic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wendel_(group)=Wendel (group)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_Medica_Acreditada=Web Medica Acreditada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pars_Oil=Pars Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_MOS=Alpha MOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AiScaler=AiScaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AAON=AAON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Genomics_Institute=Ontario Genomics Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeplechase_Films=Steeplechase Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallmark_Guitars=Hallmark Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Slum_Clearance_Board=Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebral_Palsy_Alliance=Cerebral Palsy Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YRF_Television=YRF Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KV_Pharmaceutical=KV Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Group=Sun Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mega-Anime=Mega-Anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Asian_Trust=British Asian Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_Lips_Face=Eyes Lips Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Union_Group=Thai Union Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame,_Inc.=Endgame, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumyoung=Kumyoung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FORCE_America,_Inc.=FORCE America, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_&_Jason's_Pancakes_&_Waffles=Jack & Jason's Pancakes & Waffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaya_Studios=Udaya Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outset_Media=Outset Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilko=Vilko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZAP_(satellite_television)=ZAP (satellite television)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamaison=Mamaison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antenna_Software=Antenna Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsk_Spisevognselskap=Norsk Spisevognselskap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurotroll=Eurotroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Element_Software=Black Element Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclideon=Euclideon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambio_CarSharing=Cambio CarSharing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Bird_Project=Yellow Bird Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navodaya_Studio=Navodaya Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Swan=Thomas Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merryland_Studio=Merryland Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_(vacuum)=Edwards (vacuum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comp-u-Learn_Tech_India=Comp-u-Learn Tech India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motivequest=Motivequest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CineVista_Theatres=CineVista Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Gobain_Gyproc_India=Saint-Gobain Gyproc India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liljeholmens_Stearinfabriks_AB=Liljeholmens Stearinfabriks AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calxeda=Calxeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgian_Beer_Cafe=Belgian Beer Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REI_Agro_Limited=REI Agro Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Batterien=BAE Batterien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fella-Werke=Fella-Werke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DishHD=DishHD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shukaku_Inc.=Shukaku Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEDICA=MEDICA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luma_Arcade=Luma Arcade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohberg_Bakery_Group=Kohberg Bakery Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nokas=Nokas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brenntag=Brenntag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randstad_India=Randstad India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedball_(art_products)=Speedball (art products)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tux_Games=Tux Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiobahn_GmbH=Regiobahn GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argos_Energies=Argos Energies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxman_Studios=Boxman Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dantherm=Dantherm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Bridge_International=Gulf Bridge International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBERIABANK=IBERIABANK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivian_Automotive=Rivian Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Tire_Company=Allen Tire Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syska_Hennessy=Syska Hennessy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Specialties=Chrome Specialties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventide,_Inc=Eventide, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STAR_India=STAR India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan/Channon=Duncan/Channon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_&_Hutchins=Rice & Hutchins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubbing_Brothers=Dubbing Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funding_Circle=Funding Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneyhelpline=Moneyhelpline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SilverDoor=SilverDoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AquaBounty_Technologies=AquaBounty Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amprion=Amprion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_MicroDreams_Foundation=The MicroDreams Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OrthoCor=OrthoCor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UbiCare=UbiCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DESE_Research=DESE Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughlin_Constable=Laughlin Constable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Netherlands=Turner Broadcasting System Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Broadcasting_System_Norway=Turner Broadcasting System Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minato_Soft=Minato Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breisgau_S-Bahn=Breisgau S-Bahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaker_State=Quaker State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bento_Box_Entertainment=Bento Box Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kross_SA=Kross SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchinson_SA=Hutchinson SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rai_Fiction=Rai Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-cycle=B-cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricom,_S.A=Tricom, S.A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dextra_Manufacturing=Dextra Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avdel=Avdel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labourer's_Friend_Society=Labourer's Friend Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VGP_JSC=VGP JSC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pacific_Business_Development=South Pacific Business Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Improved_Industrial_Dwellings_Company=The Improved Industrial Dwellings Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Windscreens=Auto Windscreens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Foundation_Technologies=Network Foundation Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GenSpera=GenSpera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Association_for_Improving_the_Dwellings_of_the_Industrious_Classes=Metropolitan Association for Improving the Dwellings of the Industrious Classes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vignoble_Carone=Vignoble Carone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNA_Automation=RNA Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Bob's_Self_Storage=Uncle Bob's Self Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.J._Canfield_Company=A.J. Canfield Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textbook_Excellence_Award_(%22Texty%22)=Textbook Excellence Award ("Texty")
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinomach=Sinomach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_Learning=Firefly Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resco=Resco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secutron_Inc.=Secutron Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left/Right_Productions=Left/Right Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Melbourne_(1989)=Bank of Melbourne (1989)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niscayah=Niscayah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortenau_S-Bahn=Ortenau S-Bahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Securitas_Direct=Securitas Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ntrepid=Ntrepid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Gay_Ice_Cream=Big Gay Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_End_Dwellings_Company=East End Dwellings Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariategui_JLT=Mariategui JLT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evotec=Evotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briggs_Automotive_Company=Briggs Automotive Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoPets=GoPets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aergo_Capital=Aergo Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Learning_in_Partnership_(CLIP)=Community Learning in Partnership (CLIP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belden_(electronics_company)=Belden (electronics company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiedtke's=Tiedtke's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunComm_Technology=SunComm Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Response_Corporation=Precision Response Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anesrif=Anesrif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benguet_Corporation=Benguet Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premium_AEROTEC=Premium AEROTEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daiya=Daiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villy_Custom=Villy Custom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Transport_Victoria=Public Transport Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Backbone_Brewing_Company=Devils Backbone Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FBD_Holdings=FBD Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boveda_(company)=Boveda (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artcraft_Fluorescent_Lighting_Corporation=Artcraft Fluorescent Lighting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybersoft=Cybersoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tait_Communications=Tait Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Ukraine=Ubisoft Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Industrial_Networks=HMS Industrial Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Hotel_Guide=The Good Hotel Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizcom_Technologies=Wizcom Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_(department_store)=Daniel (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ID_public_relations=ID public relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arotech_Corporation=Arotech Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decibel_(company)=Decibel (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Per_Cent_Industrial_Dwellings_Company=Four Per Cent Industrial Dwellings Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apricus_Biosciences=Apricus Biosciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stageco=Stageco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Healing_Group=Ocean Healing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terremark=Terremark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petri_Wine=Petri Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PNMsoft=PNMsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeijingWest_Industries=BeijingWest Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipley_&_Halmos=Shipley & Halmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Howard_Hunt=C. Howard Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Modelling_Group=Computer Modelling Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Rescue_League_of_Western_Pennsylvania=Animal Rescue League of Western Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Article_One_Partners=Article One Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snyder's-Lance=Snyder's-Lance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadia_Pharmaceuticals=Acadia Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeneas_Internet_and_Telephone=Aeneas Internet and Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellbent_Games=Hellbent Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CaseWare_International=CaseWare International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESI_Group=ESI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGinty's_Department_Store=McGinty's Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosecrance=Rosecrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giannini_Automobili=Giannini Automobili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopkins_&_Allen=Hopkins & Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/123RF=123RF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softline_International=Softline International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivo_Miles=Vivo Miles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarke_Energy=Clarke Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sputnik_Engineering=Sputnik Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Girl=Rocket Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Vidanta=Grupo Vidanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPM_Mortgage,_Inc.=RPM Mortgage, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y-Films=Y-Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albpetrol=Albpetrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Hancock_Financial_Network=John Hancock Financial Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Ingalls_Industries=Huntington Ingalls Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankers_Petroleum=Bankers Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Lights_Soda=Twin Lights Soda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IB_Daiwa=IB Daiwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_MacArthur_Cancer_Trust=Ellen MacArthur Cancer Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJ_E&M=CJ E&M
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebm-papst_A&NZ=Ebm-papst A&NZ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XTG_Extreme_Game=XTG Extreme Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capsugel=Capsugel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanobiotix=Nanobiotix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ituran=Ituran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handspring_Puppet_Company=Handspring Puppet Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroud's_Mercantile=Stroud's Mercantile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batshaw_Youth_and_Family_Centres=Batshaw Youth and Family Centres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenliant_Systems=Greenliant Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LatinNews=LatinNews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetking_Infotrain=Jetking Infotrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearnet_(Telus_Mobility)=Clearnet (Telus Mobility)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecommunications_Regulatory_Authority_(UAE)=Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (UAE)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Petroleum_Philippines,_Inc.=Phoenix Petroleum Philippines, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_Electricity_Transmission_Company=West Bengal State Electricity Transmission Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Health_Services=United Health Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakira_Sugar_Works=Kakira Sugar Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photronics_Inc=Photronics Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRG_Global=SRG Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAMARS=FAMARS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Students_Circle_Network=Students Circle Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allumer=Allumer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashok_Leyland_Defence_Systems=Ashok Leyland Defence Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinyara_Sugar_Works_Limited=Kinyara Sugar Works Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Ward_(watchmaker)=Christopher Ward (watchmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albright_Stonebridge_Group=Albright Stonebridge Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Corporation_of_Uganda_Limited=Sugar Corporation of Uganda Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launch_Services_Program=Launch Services Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transdev=Transdev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Storage=Pure Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCH_Software=NCH Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidrick_&_Struggles=Heidrick & Struggles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasea=Fantasea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochre_Health=Ochre Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiel_Arets_Architects=Wiel Arets Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azimut_Holding=Azimut Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indykpol=Indykpol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pevex_Management=Pevex Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Trends=Forest Trends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AvePoint=AvePoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeInsurance.com=HomeInsurance.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Bioinformatics_Workshops=Canadian Bioinformatics Workshops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origomu=Origomu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_MacArthur_Foundation=Ellen MacArthur Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baron_&_Budd,_P.C.=Baron & Budd, P.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solvil_et_Titus=Solvil et Titus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haage_&_Partner=Haage & Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentoel_Group=Bentoel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viacom_International_Media_Networks_Northern_Europe=Viacom International Media Networks Northern Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_of_Kosovo=Telecom of Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGSCOMM=MGSCOMM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amplidata=Amplidata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladding,_McBean=Gladding, McBean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commodore_USA=Commodore USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Eye_Limited=Creative Eye Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexion_Pharmaceuticals=Alexion Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Travel_Insurance_Association=US Travel Insurance Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koop_Dairy=Koop Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Journal_Corporation=Daily Journal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abellio_(transport_company)=Abellio (transport company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carat_Security_Group=Carat Security Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telespazio_VEGA_UK=Telespazio VEGA UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_der_Valk_(company)=Van der Valk (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Echo_Nest=The Echo Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._Leonardt_&_Co.=D. Leonardt & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welwyn_Tool_Group=Welwyn Tool Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Gillott's_(pens)=Joseph Gillott's (pens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharecare=Sharecare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome2rio=Rome2rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conemaugh_Health_System=Conemaugh Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferranti_Computer_Systems=Ferranti Computer Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardmobili=Cardmobili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debix=Debix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MPrest_Systems=MPrest Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberhard_&_Co.=Eberhard & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhereScape=WhereScape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endurance_International_Group=Endurance International Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortgage_Choice=Mortgage Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet41=Planet41
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woods_Coffee=Woods Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_(Automotive_company)=Rolf (Automotive company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Helicopters=Russian Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creightons=Creightons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaipur_Rugs=Jaipur Rugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebiolo_Printech=Nebiolo Printech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_Games=Alternative Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Greenland_Furhouse=Great Greenland Furhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_district=Plum district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elna_(Japanese_company)=Elna (Japanese company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funbag_Animation_Studios=Funbag Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amritt=Amritt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TestFreaks=TestFreaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italika=Italika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanosurf=Nanosurf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MT-Energie=MT-Energie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Product_Architects,_Inc.=Product Architects, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastsigns=Fastsigns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Road_Railways=Iron Road Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRI_Software=MRI Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vista_Equity_Partners=Vista Equity Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitsap_County_Transportation_Company=Kitsap County Transportation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porzellanfabrik_Fraureuth=Porzellanfabrik Fraureuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalkia=Dalkia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Csepel_(automobile)=Csepel (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GA_Drilling=GA Drilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Athletic_(brand)=Russell Athletic (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RuPay=RuPay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Passage_and_Wollochet_Bay_Navigation_Company=Hale Passage and Wollochet Bay Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RT-RK=RT-RK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intel_Mobile_Communications=Intel Mobile Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natixis_Global_Asset_Management=Natixis Global Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Century_Motors=Pacific Century Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laser_Performance=Laser Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichte_Porzellan=Lichte Porzellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_Management_Inc.=Data Management Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AllClear_ID=AllClear ID
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crew_Cuts_(company)=Crew Cuts (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickelodeon_Creative_Labs=Nickelodeon Creative Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SwoopThat.com=SwoopThat.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPC_(retailer)=JPC (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Networking=HP Networking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulba_Metallurgical_Plant=Ulba Metallurgical Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retravision=Retravision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Blue=Global Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Position_Ignition=Position Ignition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_International_Argentina=Turner International Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Radio_(company)=King Radio (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadway_Worldwide=Broadway Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_and_Montana_Consolidated_Copper_and_Silver_Mining_Company=Boston and Montana Consolidated Copper and Silver Mining Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etech,_Inc.=Etech, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nguyenkim_Shopping_Center=Nguyenkim Shopping Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffitti_Studio=Graffitti Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_UK=Plan UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Falls_Redevelopment=Niagara Falls Redevelopment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooyoungmi=Wooyoungmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somali_National_Television=Somali National Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zpizza=Zpizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_New_Orleans=Bank of New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Asia_Banking_Corporation_PLC=Pan Asia Banking Corporation PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Galt_Corporation=John Galt Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSD_europe=SSD europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_4_Learning=Channel 4 Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTV_AG=PTV AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinerton=Swinerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openismus=Openismus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spire_Healthcare=Spire Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Trust_of_America=Solar Trust of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Visual=Quest Visual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlighten_Media_Group=Enlighten Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nukem_Energy=Nukem Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett_London=Emmett London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axess_Vision_Technology=Axess Vision Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Engineering=Expedition Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnetic_Fields_(video_game_developer)=Magnetic Fields (video game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibecs=Cibecs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMC_Ltd.=PMC Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_Park=Technical Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swire_Properties=Swire Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Components_Holdings=GM Components Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Joya_Griffith_and_Company=De Joya Griffith and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pris-Mag=Pris-Mag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statistical,_Economic_and_Social_Research_and_Training_Centre_for_Islamic_Countries=Statistical, Economic and Social Research and Training Centre for Islamic Countries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitas_Ventures=Gravitas Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Transport_Services_Group=Air Transport Services Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordnance_Clothing_Factory=Ordnance Clothing Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenrir_Inc=Fenrir Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineralogy_(mining_company)=Mineralogy (mining company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medline_Industries=Medline Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZFX_Inc.=ZFX Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company_Italy=The Walt Disney Company Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5LINX=5LINX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Central_Indiana=CenturyTel of Central Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Mountain_Home=CenturyTel of Mountain Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Networks_France=MTV Networks France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_promotion_agency=Berlin promotion agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaiKoo_Hui=TaiKoo Hui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Effects=Camera Effects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazmiyal_collection=Nazmiyal collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Extract=Adams Extract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trendsetter_Media_and_Marketing=Trendsetter Media and Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijaya_Vauhini_Studios=Vijaya Vauhini Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Trattori=Fiat Trattori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutsy_Gals_Inspire_Me=Gutsy Gals Inspire Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haydenfilms=Haydenfilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R2games=R2games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emcure_Pharmaceuticals=Emcure Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMR_Ltd=PMR Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Watchdog=Holiday Watchdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CelsiusPro=CelsiusPro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outfit7=Outfit7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achema=Achema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foss_Maritime=Foss Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_Vert=Jacques Vert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunschweiger_Verkehrs-AG=Braunschweiger Verkehrs-AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSC_Brands=RSC Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someca=Someca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquia=Acquia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Shop=BBC Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Mont_Saint_Michel_(Clothing)=Le Mont Saint Michel (Clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectral_Networks=Spectral Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alden_Shoe_Company=Alden Shoe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalto_University_Executive_Education=Aalto University Executive Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Business_School=Times Business School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagonal_View=Diagonal View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugger_Mugger_Yoga_Products=Hugger Mugger Yoga Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Development_Company=Oriental Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DC_Brau_Brewing=DC Brau Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Algeria=Microsoft Algeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rwanda_Development_Bank=Rwanda Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTx_Incorporated=GTx Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_Star_Company=The Morning Star Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movement_Strategies=Movement Strategies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Cable=Cambridge Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_Cell_Products=Dundee Cell Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarq_Missouri=Embarq Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarq_Florida=Embarq Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MATIS_Group=MATIS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Telephone_Company_of_Virginia=Central Telephone Company of Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embarq_Minnesota=Embarq Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Telephone_Company_of_Kansas=United Telephone Company of Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FilmDistrict=FilmDistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokikom=Sokikom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasury_Wine_Estates=Treasury Wine Estates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cath_Kidston_Limited=Cath Kidston Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompuMe=CompuMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang_Chewing_Gum_Factory=Pyongyang Chewing Gum Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FNSS_Defence_Systems=FNSS Defence Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avercast=Avercast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brown's_Fresh_Grill=Charlie Brown's Fresh Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champps=Champps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Armament_Corporation=Advanced Armament Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MusclePharm=MusclePharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirna-Sebnitz_Upper_Elbe_Transport_Company=Pirna-Sebnitz Upper Elbe Transport Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshida_&_Co.,_Ltd.=Yoshida & Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company_France=The Walt Disney Company France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gourmet_Foods=Gourmet Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIETK=SIETK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padang_Cement=Padang Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Days_Inn=7 Days Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Film_Collaborative=The Film Collaborative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Galil_Industries=Delta Galil Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Silicon=Global Silicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nous_Infosystems=Nous Infosystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company_CIS=The Walt Disney Company CIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Fitness=Life Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Daddy=Soul Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Ohio=CenturyTel of Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_West_Media=Seven West Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songkick=Songkick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurogentec=Eurogentec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stannah_Lifts=Stannah Lifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pridgeon_&_Clay=Pridgeon & Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FL_Technics=FL Technics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytx=Lytx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Productions=Vulcan Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppSense=AppSense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guanajuato_Inland_Port=Guanajuato Inland Port
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanacore_Music=Vanacore Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Port_Aransas=CenturyTel of Port Aransas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_the_Gem_State=CenturyTel of the Gem State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaggle=Kaggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UBM_Aviation=UBM Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sika_AG=Sika AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balai_Pustaka=Balai Pustaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Colorado=CenturyTel of Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedient=Expedient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criterion_Capital_Partners=Criterion Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DrinkBox_Studios=DrinkBox Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Flash_Brewing_Company=Green Flash Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McQ_Inc=McQ Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LogicBoxes=LogicBoxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyThings=MyThings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Development_Bank=Qatar Development Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otologics=Otologics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HHA_Services=HHA Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfline=Surfline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIERS:_The_Port_Import/Export_Reporting_Service=PIERS: The Port Import/Export Reporting Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigmaven=Gigmaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestolite_Electric=Prestolite Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofaworks=Sofaworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Supervisory_Authority_for_Welfare_and_Health_(Finland)=National Supervisory Authority for Welfare and Health (Finland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genuin_(record_label)=Genuin (record label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMTP_(company)=SMTP (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_Home_Improvement=Masters Home Improvement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EviMed=EviMed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colantonio_Incorporated=Colantonio Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telephone_USA_of_Wisconsin=Telephone USA of Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeraude_Ferries=Emeraude Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Adamsville=CenturyTel of Adamsville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zywave=Zywave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectra_Communications_Group=Spectra Communications Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emsa_(Household_goods)=Emsa (Household goods)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiling_Hill_Farm=Smiling Hill Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanwha_SolarOne=Hanwha SolarOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Solar=Canadian Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_Care=Elite Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_Media=G Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Palace_of_Abidjan=Culture Palace of Abidjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ManagePro=ManagePro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benefis_Health_System=Benefis Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_San_Marcos=CenturyTel of San Marcos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMR_Group=BMR Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeltia=Zeltia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukri_Sports=Kukri Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NIPO_Software=NIPO Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Tech_Quantum_Institute=Georgia Tech Quantum Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peninsula_Compost=Peninsula Compost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Wall_Wine=Great Wall Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I2_Limited=I2 Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisaku_Noro_Company=Eisaku Noro Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RISCOS_Ltd=RISCOS Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NextIO=NextIO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QuickPlay_Media=QuickPlay Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaunt_Kit=Flaunt Kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Gun_Films=Toy Gun Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Do_You_Roll%3F=How Do You Roll?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OZ_Group=OZ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Corporation_Studios=Atlas Corporation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAFRA=MAFRA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigAir=BigAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_Venture_Partners=Jerusalem Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Telephone=Central Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacoma_Boatbuilding_Company=Tacoma Boatbuilding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikimal=Pikimal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyothy_Laboratories=Jyothy Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napier_Healthcare=Napier Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HBO_Go=HBO Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Photo_Library=Science Photo Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officine_Meccaniche_Giovanni_Cerutti=Officine Meccaniche Giovanni Cerutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolawn=Rolawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Apple_Donuts_and_Coffee=Big Apple Donuts and Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kot-in-Action_Creative_Artel=Kot-in-Action Creative Artel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_Packaging=Gateway Packaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Clean_Energy_Holdings=Global Clean Energy Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterseek=Masterseek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_Software=Passport Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aryaka=Aryaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Albion_Brewing_Company=New Albion Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio_Pac_Inc=Bio Pac Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebac=Ebac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_America_Foundation=Safe America Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Silk_Route=New Silk Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amonix=Amonix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erewhon_Organic_Cereal=Erewhon Organic Cereal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feronia_Inc.=Feronia Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterson_Electro-Musical_Products=Peterson Electro-Musical Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacetime_Studios=Spacetime Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilant_FoodWorks=Jubilant FoodWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash_Generator=Cash Generator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datacard_Group=Datacard Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenga=Twenga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TH_Entertainment=TH Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder_Media_Limited=Boulder Media Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KBC_Advanced_Technologies=KBC Advanced Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glovision=Glovision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_and_Nova_Scotia_Land_Company=New Brunswick and Nova Scotia Land Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodsys=Lodsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MZKT=MZKT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Transportation_Company=Island Transportation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Mine_Planning_and_Design_Institute=Central Mine Planning and Design Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straits_Steamship_Company=Straits Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_Mineral_Development_Corporation=Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easyday=Easyday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Lingua_Network=Radio Lingua Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braintree_(company)=Braintree (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe_Brothers=Moe Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angeles_Brewing_and_Malting_Company=Angeles Brewing and Malting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izon_Science=Izon Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Mach=Pro Mach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEC_Traction=GEC Traction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sproxil=Sproxil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Arkansas=CenturyTel of Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xamarin=Xamarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stempel_Type_Foundry=Stempel Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyera=Keyera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caterham_Group=Caterham Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eca_Sindel=Eca Sindel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aktiva=Aktiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dods_(Group)_PLC=Dods (Group) PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Tire_Corporation=Titan Tire Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Truck_Parts=Alliance Truck Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMI_Healthcare=BMI Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentek_Global=Sentek Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundation_of_Broadcast_Culture=The Foundation of Broadcast Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survitec_Group=Survitec Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomellato=Pomellato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Festivals=Virtual Festivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melstacorp=Melstacorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anhanguera_Educacional=Anhanguera Educacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mederer_GmbH=Mederer GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindspeed_Technologies=Mindspeed Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Bridge-Fluor=American Bridge-Fluor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SENSIO_Technologies=SENSIO Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InFiber=InFiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Closets=California Closets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ServiceNow=ServiceNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adapteva=Adapteva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Telephone=War Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIME_(lifestyle_management_company)=PRIME (lifestyle management company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad_&_Tobago_National_Petroleum_Marketing_Company_Limited=Trinidad & Tobago National Petroleum Marketing Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.C._Confectionery_Limited=K.C. Confectionery Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Cascade=Open Cascade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deimos_Imaging=Deimos Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubist_Pharmaceuticals=Cubist Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroceltic_International=Petroceltic International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer_Software=Tom Sawyer Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heil_Sound=Heil Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trendy_Entertainment=Trendy Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossal_Pictures=Colossal Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minarelli=Minarelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_Contender=Cage Contender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KarMel_Brewing_Company=KarMel Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Seattle_Land_and_Improvement_Company=West Seattle Land and Improvement Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RazorUSA=RazorUSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luminex_Corporation=Luminex Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finarte=Finarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Equipment=Douglas Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindarte=Blindarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Vale_Tudo_Championship=International Vale Tudo Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuretake_(art_products)=Kuretake (art products)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isagenix_International=Isagenix International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irisys=Irisys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xcite_Energy=Xcite Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans_Cold_Storage=New Orleans Cold Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Fleet_Group=Global Fleet Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proximity_Worldwide=Proximity Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazzinc=Kazzinc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katanga_Mining=Katanga Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivid_Superhero=Vivid Superhero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MVA_Asia=MVA Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indraprastha_Gas=Indraprastha Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Cat_Brewery=Fat Cat Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focusrite=Focusrite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geopulse_Exploration=Geopulse Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockcastle_Regional_Hospital_and_Respiratory_Care_Center=Rockcastle Regional Hospital and Respiratory Care Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DESCON_Engineering=DESCON Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Oceans_Society=Living Oceans Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaxAudit.com=TaxAudit.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Sports=Warrior Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Maud=Miss Maud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-optex=Co-optex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symsoft=Symsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PFM_Group=PFM Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litton_Entertainment=Litton Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unirac=Unirac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifosa=Lifosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQAir=IQAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Amendment_Brewery=21st Amendment Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbrella_Entertainment=Umbrella Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyoto_Electronics=Kyoto Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaia_Earth_Sciences=Gaia Earth Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVidya=CVidya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PostNL=PostNL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reversible_destiny=Reversible destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TNT_Express=TNT Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellium=Constellium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Gasoline=USA Gasoline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlaceMakers=PlaceMakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penshoppe=Penshoppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habasit_Holding=Habasit Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geomerics=Geomerics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scholarbuys=Scholarbuys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceus_Networks=Oceus Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShoeDazzle=ShoeDazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEG_Energy=MEG Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Water=Modern Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nival_(company)=Nival (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices.com=Voices.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couchbase,_Inc.=Couchbase, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VST_Industries=VST Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harleysville_Group=Harleysville Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressclub_Information_Agency=Pressclub Information Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delica_(enterprise)=Delica (enterprise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_Bioclon=Instituto Bioclon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_BioLabs=Oxford BioLabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encompass_Insurance_Company=Encompass Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitre_10_(New_Zealand)=Mitre 10 (New Zealand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Drugs_and_Pharmaceuticals_Limited=Indian Drugs and Pharmaceuticals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDD_Group=KDD Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batteries_Included_(company)=Batteries Included (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studyplaces=Studyplaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conduit_(publisher_network_and_platform)=Conduit (publisher network and platform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vango_(company)=Vango (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Jr._Designs=Paul Jr. Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_Transportation_Systems=Cubic Transportation Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munchy's=Munchy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbike=Thunderbike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kebony=Kebony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marais_(company)=Marais (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W&H_Dentalwerk=W&H Dentalwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_Natural_Gas=Legend Natural Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrimerDesign=PrimerDesign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_K=Rachel K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raben_Group=The Raben Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_North_Sports_&_Entertainment=True North Sports & Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XIM,_Inc.=XIM, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acsis=Acsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenX_(company)=OpenX (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pueblo_Bridge_Co.=Pueblo Bridge Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrafTech=GrafTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Road_Films=Open Road Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mares_(scuba_gear_company)=Mares (scuba gear company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Brewing_(brewery)=Trouble Brewing (brewery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa.com=Africa.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Association_for_the_Study_of_the_Liver=European Association for the Study of the Liver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_(kickboxing)=Glory (kickboxing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snappy_Snaps=Snappy Snaps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jebsen_&_Jessen_(SEA)=Jebsen & Jessen (SEA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapR=MapR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portek=Portek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daler-Rowney=Daler-Rowney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caron_Foundation=Caron Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_the_Greater_Victoria_Water_System=Timeline of the Greater Victoria Water System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indo-China_Steam_Navigation_Company_Ltd.=Indo-China Steam Navigation Company Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bresnan_Communications=Bresnan Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvel_Television=Marvel Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FinancialForce.com=FinancialForce.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amor_Group=Amor Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsio_Communications=Chelsio Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geiger_Engineers=Geiger Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunCore_Corporation=SunCore Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automated_Weather_Source=Automated Weather Source
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guidance_Software=Guidance Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phone_Power=Phone Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettanin_&_Venturi=Bettanin & Venturi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_National_Petroleum_Corporation=Ghana National Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Connection=Incredible Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahlen's=Sahlen's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Amusement_Parks_and_Attractions=International Association of Amusement Parks and Attractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasbro_Studios=Hasbro Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Kickboxing_Association=United States Kickboxing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_Krone_Holding=Bernard Krone Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skout=Skout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heskins=Heskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_&_Mahindra_Financial_Services_Limited=Mahindra & Mahindra Financial Services Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_B_Meyer_Inc.=E B Meyer Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaTrepid=SeaTrepid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALAN=ALAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JLab_Audio=JLab Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steaz=Steaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo_Bridge_&_Iron_Co.=Fargo Bridge & Iron Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuuki=Fuuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectranet=Spectranet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contiloe_Entertainment=Contiloe Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_International_Resources=Tiger International Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviointeriors=Aviointeriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_John_Steak_&_Onion=Big John Steak & Onion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prateek_Apparels=Prateek Apparels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Partner=Air Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Vehicle_Innovation=Power Vehicle Innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothman_Healthcare=Rothman Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowback_Productions=Blowback Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Brand_Snack_Foods=Bell Brand Snack Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Existence_Genetics=Existence Genetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABN_Assets=ABN Assets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neah_Bay_Dock_Company=Neah Bay Dock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avision=Avision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Wharf_Company=Pacific Wharf Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companhia_Brasileira_de_Cartuchos=Companhia Brasileira de Cartuchos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_&_Co_Solar_Technology=Wagner & Co Solar Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_Central=Fashion Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidehatch_Entertainment_Group=Sidehatch Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_Skis=Line Skis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InMobi=InMobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_on_Their_Way=Women on Their Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalEnglish=GlobalEnglish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRunway=IRunway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servizi_Assicurativi_del_Commercio_Estero=Servizi Assicurativi del Commercio Estero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chromalox,_Inc.=Chromalox, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_Port_(Group)_Company=Tianjin Port (Group) Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassidy_Turley=Cassidy Turley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid_Equipment_Development_Company=Fluid Equipment Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Automotive_Systems=China Automotive Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packsize=Packsize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_Press=Delhi Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOWIO=WOWIO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Contini_&_Son=A. Contini & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanwha=Hanwha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Rock_Ice_Creamery=Cold Rock Ice Creamery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Valley_Water=Dee Valley Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masaya_(company)=Masaya (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Bearing_Corp=Pacific Bearing Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbnb=Airbnb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Technology_Investment_Company=Advanced Technology Investment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfume_Shop=The Perfume Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICI_Paris_XL=ICI Paris XL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania-American_Water_Company=Pennsylvania-American Water Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpusPoint_Partners=OpusPoint Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIG_Synergy=BIG Synergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Export_and_Credit_Insurance_Corporation=China Export and Credit Insurance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reanimedia=Reanimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Image_Media_Technologies=Real Image Media Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meier_and_Comfort=Meier and Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GENCO_ATC=GENCO ATC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sushi_Typhoon=Sushi Typhoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snail_Games=Snail Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pricelock=Pricelock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Medical_Objects=Intelligent Medical Objects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACI_Worldwide=ACI Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_American_Incorporated=Phoenix American Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argyll_Ferries=Argyll Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paoli,_Inc.=Paoli, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fidelis_Security_Systems=Fidelis Security Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infibeam=Infibeam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RadiumOne=RadiumOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiaphua_Components_Group=Chiaphua Components Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Micronics=Star Micronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Liquor=Lotte Liquor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hybris_(company)=Hybris (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEAD_Technologies=LEAD Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingersoll_Rand_Industrial_Technlogies=Ingersoll Rand Industrial Technlogies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Guan_Teik_Enterprise_Sdn_Bhd=Sri Guan Teik Enterprise Sdn Bhd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phorest=Phorest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran_Shipping_Agencies=Moran Shipping Agencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riceworks=Riceworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_Fresh=Evolution Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joystick_Labs=Joystick Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pivotal_Labs=Pivotal Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_10_Comics=Level 10 Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuja_Investments_Company=Abuja Investments Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_National_Bank=Sun National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franciscan_Ceramics=Franciscan Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MontieK=MontieK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenBet=OpenBet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pottermore=Pottermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pimsleur_Language_Programs=Pimsleur Language Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremen_Castings=Bremen Castings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calstar=Calstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceWorks_Enterprises=SpaceWorks Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DQS=DQS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RockLive=RockLive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godrej_Consumer_Products_Limited=Godrej Consumer Products Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecklenborg_Verlag=Tecklenborg Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwolla=Dwolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SawStop=SawStop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_Group=Barnes Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Lighting_Technologies=Universal Lighting Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autocall=Autocall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armacell=Armacell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frequentis=Frequentis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repower_(Swiss_company)=Repower (Swiss company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Establishment_of_the_Palace,_Museum_and_National_Estate_of_Versailles=Public Establishment of the Palace, Museum and National Estate of Versailles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurasma=Aurasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClickBank=ClickBank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xpect_Discounts=Xpect Discounts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3SixtyMedia=3SixtyMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paducah_Bank=Paducah Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qteros=Qteros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_&_Harris_Group=Harris & Harris Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamerizon=Gamerizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blumberg_Capital=Blumberg Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Paragon_P2=Precision Paragon P2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiSTI=DiSTI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allured_Business_Media=Allured Business Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenland_minerals_and_energy=Greenland minerals and energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft-Peirce_Manufacturing_Company=Taft-Peirce Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Mobile=Simple Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_Translations=Today Translations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Lucas=S. Lucas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Communications=Portland Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forum_Research=Forum Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aveos_Fleet_Performance=Aveos Fleet Performance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlow_Industries=Marlow Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marin_Software=Marin Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FictionCity=FictionCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VI-Spring=VI-Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OB10=OB10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_Level_Design=C Level Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crafts_&_Meister=Crafts & Meister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytro=Lytro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Aircraft=Swift Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_18=Cell 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via.com=Via.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinnell_Mechanical_Products=Grinnell Mechanical Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austrian_Student_Aid_Foundation=Austrian Student Aid Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Telephone_Company_of_Texas=Central Telephone Company of Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firelight_Media=Firelight Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artery_Foundation=The Artery Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QGC=QGC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_Dimension_Displays=Forth Dimension Displays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_RBS=Grupo RBS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigerian_National_Shipping_Line=Nigerian National Shipping Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springdale_Farms=Springdale Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motor_Manufacturing_France=Toyota Motor Manufacturing France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_UK=Boots UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergine=Bergine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Areva_Solar=Areva Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaction_Design=Reaction Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Lifestyle_Center=Robinson Lifestyle Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman3D=Sherman3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Electronic_Trading_Company=Global Electronic Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMTE=EMTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_Services_Company_Limited=Marine Services Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark's=Mark's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronto_Software=Bronto Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.P.P.P.=A.P.P.P.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crabtree_Brewing_Co.=Crabtree Brewing Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Engineering_Company=Montreal Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H_Mart=H Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdvantaClean=AdvantaClean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EJOT=EJOT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z-CARD=Z-CARD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Com2uS=Com2uS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potion_Design=Potion Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTS_Group=BTS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhone_Technologies=Zhone Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trilogy_Dominicana_(Viva)=Trilogy Dominicana (Viva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malo_(company)=Malo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKY_Brasil=SKY Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRC_Allied_Inc.=MRC Allied Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XIX_Entertainment=XIX Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_Change_Capital=Climate Change Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aureus_Sciences=Aureus Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Web_Media=Fast Web Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaenon_Polarized=Kaenon Polarized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runewaker_Entertainment=Runewaker Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston_International=Livingston International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticra=Ticra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DataSplice=DataSplice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rami_Levy_Hashikma_Marketing=Rami Levy Hashikma Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinevistaas_Limited=Cinevistaas Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logik_(e-discovery_company)=Logik (e-discovery company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinca_Entertainment=Shinca Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azovstal_iron_and_steel_works=Azovstal iron and steel works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Equity=Spectrum Equity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaskTel_International=SaskTel International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_Pottery=Catalina Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heatwave_Interactive=Heatwave Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptive_Insights=Adaptive Insights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PassmoreLab=PassmoreLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Group=The Royal Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittoria_Coffee=Vittoria Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SimilarWeb=SimilarWeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UIL_Holdings_Corporation=UIL Holdings Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quickflix=Quickflix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamos=Calamos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ip.access=Ip.access
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raspberry_Pi_Foundation=Raspberry Pi Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakana_wines=Chakana wines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horbury_railway_works=Horbury railway works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScienceLogic=ScienceLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandong_Gaosu_Group=Shandong Gaosu Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingulets_Iron_Ore_Enrichment_Works=Ingulets Iron Ore Enrichment Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yenakiyeve_Iron_and_Steel_Works=Yenakiyeve Iron and Steel Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldstein,_Hill_&_West_Architects=Goldstein, Hill & West Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueConf=TrueConf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astarta_Holding=Astarta Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waggonfabrik_Talbot=Waggonfabrik Talbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Bank_Resolution_Corporation=Irish Bank Resolution Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credit_Sesame=Credit Sesame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Canada=Target Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Carriage_&_Wagon=Union Carriage & Wagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileStorm=MobileStorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIMWE=TIMWE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rex_Entertainment=Rex Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sommers_Company=Sommers Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-nario=C-nario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales_&_West_Utilities=Wales & West Utilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycles_Devinci=Cycles Devinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce,_Butler_and_Pierce_Manufacturing_Company=Pierce, Butler and Pierce Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetSmart=NetSmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summify=Summify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strontium_Technology=Strontium Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTT_Docomo_USA=NTT Docomo USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streamcore=Streamcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geebo=Geebo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Clay=Pacific Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicaise_et_Delcuve=Nicaise et Delcuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Licks_Productions=Star Licks Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_&_Oscar's=Pat & Oscar's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Seed_Savers_Association=Irish Seed Savers Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think-cell=Think-cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neumann_International=Neumann International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THG_Sports=THG Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benefit_Cosmetics=Benefit Cosmetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skis.com=Skis.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Kilns=Vernon Kilns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Idea_Entertainment=Big Idea Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wi,_Inc.=Wi, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Opt=Ad Opt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hollywood=Young Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Nakamura=Oriental Nakamura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urthecast=Urthecast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AvalonBay_Communities=AvalonBay Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falco_Electronics=Falco Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MongoDB_Inc.=MongoDB Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piazza_(Q&A_platform)=Piazza (Q&A platform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Animation=Paramount Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGenApps=IGenApps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Dunay=Henry Dunay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Iron_Ore_Enrichment_Works=Northern Iron Ore Enrichment Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright's_Biscuits=Wright's Biscuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISGEC=ISGEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Iron_Ore_Enrichment_Works=Central Iron Ore Enrichment Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1800Mattress.com=1800Mattress.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Friendly=Scottish Friendly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeon_Display_and_Security_System=Aeon Display and Security System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PointClear=PointClear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamna_Auto_Industries=Jamna Auto Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GenArts,_Inc.=GenArts, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylark_Group=Skylark Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._&_J._Pfaff_Brewing_Company=H. & J. Pfaff Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farpoint_Films=Farpoint Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweets_from_Heaven_&_Fuzziwig's_Candy_Factory=Sweets from Heaven & Fuzziwig's Candy Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerno_LLC=Cerno LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Corrugated=U.S. Corrugated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Battery_Technologies=Advanced Battery Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electron_Technologies,_Inc.=Electron Technologies, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Eleven=Double Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pansing=Pansing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulse-Eight=Pulse-Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEDMED=TEDMED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racelogic=Racelogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agri-Fab,_Inc.=Agri-Fab, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Heart_Hospital=Arizona Heart Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Heart_Institute=Arizona Heart Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrowhead_Hospital=Arrowhead Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemy_(company)=Alchemy (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IceWarp=IceWarp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okoban=Okoban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana_Roadways=Haryana Roadways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buw_Holding=Buw Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Minerals=Saskatchewan Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steyr_Motors_GmbH=Steyr Motors GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_of_Recruiters=Institute of Recruiters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTS_M-Blaze=MTS M-Blaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrowill_Group=Agrowill Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tufin=Tufin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enerco_Energy=Enerco Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Readymix_Concrete_Company=Saudi Readymix Concrete Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryvale_Hospital=Maryvale Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrick_Machine_Company=Merrick Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joliet_Iron_and_Steel_Company=Joliet Iron and Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investours=Investours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonthier_Group_SA=Gonthier Group SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octagon_(sports_agency)=Octagon (sports agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nefsis=Nefsis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillanos_Coffee_Roasters=Dillanos Coffee Roasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.S._Watson_Group=A.S. Watson Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty-O_Donuts=Mighty-O Donuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toby_Carvery=Toby Carvery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrucialTec=CrucialTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetry_Records=Poetry Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthmind=Earthmind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperoptic=Hyperoptic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydra_Ventures=Hydra Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Ukrainian_International_Bank=First Ukrainian International Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Frequency_Economics=High Frequency Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCP_Design_Global=RCP Design Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumen_(branding_agency)=Lumen (branding agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Rubber=Team Rubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telecom_Italia_San_Marino=Telecom Italia San Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Tower_Partners=Global Tower Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transpacific_Industries_Group=Transpacific Industries Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkem=Arkem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_Agro=Bloom Agro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stibo=Stibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altintel=Altintel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medikidz=Medikidz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenksolar=Tenksolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_America=Market America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Music=Forward Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkinson_Center_for_a_Sustainable_Future=Atkinson Center for a Sustainable Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightingale_Informatix_Corporation=Nightingale Informatix Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Light_Company=Commercial Light Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touax=Touax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digicel_IMAX=Digicel IMAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STI_Knives=STI Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vega_Telecommunications_Group=Vega Telecommunications Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locotracteurs_Gaston_Moyse=Locotracteurs Gaston Moyse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Respect_Fighting_Championship=Respect Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartfish_(company)=Dartfish (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pac-Kit_First_Aid_Kits=Pac-Kit First Aid Kits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceylon_Petroleum_Corporation=Ceylon Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardsave=Cardsave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonar_(mobile_application)=Sonar (mobile application)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HelloWallet=HelloWallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Analytics=Revolution Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Semiconductor=Tower Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infineta_Systems=Infineta Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnviroCAB=EnviroCAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Properties=Century Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens_Telecommunications_Company_of_Nebraska=Citizens Telecommunications Company of Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auricchio=Auricchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etrion=Etrion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischerwerke=Fischerwerke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabridge_Gold=Seabridge Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson-Sharp_Machine_Company=Hudson-Sharp Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Law360=Law360
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications_of_Breezewood=Frontier Communications of Breezewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Story_Media_Group=9 Story Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jules_Destrooper=Jules Destrooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Park_(production_company)=Prospect Park (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alba_(brand)=Alba (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications_of_Mondovi=Frontier Communications of Mondovi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colas_Group=Colas Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_House_Sausage_Company=Parker House Sausage Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Communications_of_Virginia=Frontier Communications of Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Rundfunkwerke_AG=Schneider Rundfunkwerke AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitewater_Brewery=Whitewater Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stauffer_Chemical=Stauffer Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelberg_Huller_Company=Engelberg Huller Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_Technologies=Search Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regulus_Therapeutics=Regulus Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeSun_Ltd=HomeSun Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma_TrainTown_Railroad=Sonoma TrainTown Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton_(motorcycle)=Walton (motorcycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8-4=8-4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seara_Foods=Seara Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teva_Active_Pharmaceutical_Ingredients_(TAPI)=Teva Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (TAPI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islabikes=Islabikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BP_Studio=BP Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EKTA=EKTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONE_Fighting_Championship=ONE Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn_Ball_Bearing_Company=Auburn Ball Bearing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joymax=Joymax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crabby_Joe's_Tap_&_Grill=Crabby Joe's Tap & Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collabera=Collabera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefin_Labs=Bluefin Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_America_Marketing=News America Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estap=Estap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_SAS=Passage SAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colchester_Borough_Homes=Colchester Borough Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazonen-Werke=Amazonen-Werke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Engine_Controls=Aero Engine Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beynon_Sports_Surfaces=Beynon Sports Surfaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Media_Group=Cox Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presstalis=Presstalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Canadian_Dollar_Store=Great Canadian Dollar Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambarella_Inc.=Ambarella Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evertz_Microsystems=Evertz Microsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIEW_Engineering=VIEW Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coventya=Coventya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romat=Romat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddy-Hermann=Teddy-Hermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSS_Infotech=GSS Infotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalvignac_Group=Chalvignac Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsbro=Carlsbro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunmi_Koko=Bunmi Koko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greta_Constantine=Greta Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeamBuy=TeamBuy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Group=Broad Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlson_Wagonlit_Travel_UK=Carlson Wagonlit Travel UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ezra_Holdings=Ezra Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binh_Minh_Plastic=Binh Minh Plastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Electric_United_States=Mitsubishi Electric United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outerra=Outerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perform_Group=Perform Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_Leads=Health Leads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DHgate.com=DHgate.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alectia=Alectia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Elephant_Foundation=International Elephant Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoang_Anh_Gia_Lai_Group=Hoang Anh Gia Lai Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wibiya=Wibiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingspan_Group=Kingspan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudyBlue=StudyBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Televerde=Televerde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BirdLife_Australia=BirdLife Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euroapotheca=Euroapotheca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microfinance_Focus=Microfinance Focus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexus_Audio_Recording_Studio=Nexus Audio Recording Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Lighting=GE Lighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kixeye=Kixeye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Chemical_Corp=Titan Chemical Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terumo_Penpol=Terumo Penpol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Brewing_Company=Santa Fe Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Select_Harvests=Select Harvests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nukem_Technologies=Nukem Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingwall_Designer_Guitars=Dingwall Designer Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K&K_Insurance=K&K Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriMetals_Mining=TriMetals Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad_Allwyn=Hyderabad Allwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WABCO_Holdings,_Inc.=WABCO Holdings, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affirm_Films=Affirm Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeh_for_Games=Yeh for Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Bencher=Martin Bencher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laricina_Energy=Laricina Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Peacebuilding_Liaison_Office=European Peacebuilding Liaison Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanzz=Fanzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waaijenberg=Waaijenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankenberg=Mankenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoology=Schoology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Grupa=Atlantic Grupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gig_Records=Gig Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usablenet=Usablenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makani_Power=Makani Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoPro=GoPro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strudyna=Strudyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Gold_Jewellers=Pure Gold Jewellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_Worldwide=Sense Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_Global=Roll Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARC_Energy=ARC Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameDuell=GameDuell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEVEL_Studios=LEVEL Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@radical.media=@radical.media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriTek_Solutions_Inc.=TriTek Solutions Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nextbike=Nextbike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentsu_Razorfish=Dentsu Razorfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeGrow_Store=WeGrow Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supercell_(video_game_company)=Supercell (video game company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Student-TV=Bergen Student-TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelwatte_Sugar_Industries_PLC=Pelwatte Sugar Industries PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyner=Boyner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sportsman's_Guide=The Sportsman's Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalya_Mobile=Dalya Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialog_Vizz=Dialog Vizz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delight_Mobile=Delight Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Mobile=Now Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_Mobile=Stan Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virsto=Virsto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direxion=Direxion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Field_Fund-Swimming=Level Field Fund-Swimming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alticom=Alticom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plovput_(Croatia)=Plovput (Croatia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin_Memory=Violin Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Club,_Kolkata=Princeton Club, Kolkata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softnyx=Softnyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jump_Shot_Media=Jump Shot Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draper_Tools=Draper Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookes_Healthcare=Crookes Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIMPA=CIMPA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_Magazines=Maverick Magazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feicheng_Acid_Chemicals=Feicheng Acid Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_&_Sons=Young & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baupost_Group=Baupost Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmidt_Original_Nabendynamo=Schmidt Original Nabendynamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Air_Cargo_Terminals_Limited=Taiwan Air Cargo Terminals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erga=Erga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._E._Lipe_Machine_Shop=C. E. Lipe Machine Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideas_International=Ideas International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infopulse_Ukraine=Infopulse Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Pacific_Holdings=Iowa Pacific Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTERA_Networks=CTERA Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperMap=SuperMap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Rez_Studios=Hi-Rez Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenter_and_Westley=Carpenter and Westley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Compass_Systems=Full Compass Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Pilotage_Authority=Atlantic Pilotage Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Water_Authority=Kerala Water Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanto_Auto_Works=Kanto Auto Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pershing_Square_Capital_Management=Pershing Square Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EKF_Diagnostics=EKF Diagnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Eastern_Group=Far Eastern Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullsix=Fullsix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCI_Group=DCI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Fried_Chicken_(franchise)=Southern Fried Chicken (franchise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_(advertising_agency)=Switch (advertising agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Marcus_and_Associates,_Inc.=Aaron Marcus and Associates, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbol=Herbol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Film_Office=Virginia Film Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SocialFlow=SocialFlow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperva=Imperva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Air_Force_Gliding_&_Soaring_Association=Royal Air Force Gliding & Soaring Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actiance=Actiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockhopper_Exploration=Rockhopper Exploration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorenson_Media=Sorenson Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearTrial=ClearTrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthera_Pharmaceuticals=Anthera Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winton_Capital_Management=Winton Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_R&D_Institute_India,_Noida=Samsung R&D Institute India, Noida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UA-Columbia_Cablevision=UA-Columbia Cablevision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pratt_&_Whitney_Rocketdyne=Pratt & Whitney Rocketdyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_Services_Commission=Taxi Services Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metinvest=Metinvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungryhouse=Hungryhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rediker_Software=Rediker Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoon_Me_Frozen_Yogurt=Spoon Me Frozen Yogurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helko=Helko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadence_Industries=Cadence Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadbean_(Company)=Broadbean (Company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK_Asset_Resolution=UK Asset Resolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comparex=Comparex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narmada_Valley_Development_Authority=Narmada Valley Development Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjan_Television_Network=Marjan Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modi_Group=Modi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamondback_Bicycles=Diamondback Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sango_Bay_Estates_Limited=Sango Bay Estates Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verified_Audit_Circulation=Verified Audit Circulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctors_Company=The Doctors Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDA_International=IDA International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthy_Book=Worthy Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_Connect=Language Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egis_Group=Egis Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirRoad=AirRoad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sporting-Sails=Sporting-Sails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mission_Hospital,_Durgapur=The Mission Hospital, Durgapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Reeves=House of Reeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Barre_Private_Brewery=Ernst Barre Private Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Revolution_Studios=Digital Revolution Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recon_Instruments=Recon Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_United_Illuminating_Company=The United Illuminating Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flow_Science,_Inc.=Flow Science, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarJOOS=SolarJOOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichii_Gakkan=Nichii Gakkan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swire_Hotels=Swire Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellman_Group=Wellman Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_Fertilizantes=Vale Fertilizantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terracotta,_Inc.=Terracotta, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayusa=Ayusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_Minerals_and_Rutile_Limited=Cochin Minerals and Rutile Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphtec_Corporation=Graphtec Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flemingo_Liners=Flemingo Liners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Safety_Council_of_Australia=National Safety Council of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Assistance_Group=International Assistance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CLS_Communication=CLS Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulls_Unlimited_International=Skulls Unlimited International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearCheckbook.com=ClearCheckbook.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akal_Security=Akal Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buy_Buy_Baby=Buy Buy Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayleys=Hayleys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkeys_(company)=The Monkeys (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESTA_Holding=ESTA Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam's_Warehouse=Sam's Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GKN_Driveline=GKN Driveline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNVI=SNVI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cityflo_650_CBTC=Cityflo 650 CBTC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Performance_Engines=Radical Performance Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TelePacific_Communications=TelePacific Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Path_Entertainment=Hidden Path Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Extreme_Fighting=World Extreme Fighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levi,_Ray_&_Shoup=Levi, Ray & Shoup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XVideos=XVideos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventi_Technology=Aventi Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Irlam=James Irlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcelanosa=Porcelanosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledesma_S.A.A.I.=Ledesma S.A.A.I.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essel_Propack=Essel Propack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadele_banka=Citadele banka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WA_Developments=WA Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplay_Discovery=Interplay Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulake=Sulake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deere_(automobile)=Deere (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Wien=Opel Wien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoftLayer=SoftLayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telin=Telin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telkomsigma=Telkomsigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaillant_Group=Vaillant Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDiS_Company=EDiS Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Business_Location_Center=Berlin Business Location Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aventuras_AD=Aventuras AD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syracuse_Telephonic_Exchange=Syracuse Telephonic Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CloudFlare=CloudFlare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multimedia_Nusantara=Multimedia Nusantara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terreform_ONE=Terreform ONE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Kosher=Empire Kosher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polysoude=Polysoude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_vins_skalli=Les vins skalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Accounts=Liberty Accounts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acteon_Group_(company)=Acteon Group (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Linguist_Solutions=Global Linguist Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIJA_Aircraft_Engines=VIJA Aircraft Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revel_Systems=Revel Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Productions=Phoenix Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SME_Limited=SME Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTi_Audio=NTi Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_Telecom=Contact Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apperian=Apperian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakarganj_Mills=Shakarganj Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexi-comp=Lexi-comp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Record=Grupo Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltflow,_Inc.=Saltflow, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeam_Software,_Inc.=Bluebeam Software, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Association_for_Respiratory_Care=American Association for Respiratory Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citywire=Citywire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valters_un_Rapa=Valters un Rapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquafadas=Aquafadas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Brands=Magic Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Board_for_Respiratory_Care=National Board for Respiratory Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Polo_Assn.=U.S. Polo Assn.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actuant=Actuant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AngelPad=AngelPad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taleo=Taleo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosaica_Education=Mosaica Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVGA_Corporation=EVGA Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cokem_International=Cokem International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese-American_Planning_Council=Chinese-American Planning Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KBS_N=KBS N
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maped=Maped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintec_Industries_Inc.=Wintec Industries Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEL_Networks=WEL Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberthur_Cash_Protection=Oberthur Cash Protection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inbenta=Inbenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cournil=Cournil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamberlain_Group=Chamberlain Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidisco=Vidisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avant-garde_Pictures=Avant-garde Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gecko_Gear=Gecko Gear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hatchery_(company)=The Hatchery (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramax/Dimension=Miramax/Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taw9eel=Taw9eel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_Family=Chancellor Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SB.TV=SB.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainware=Brainware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Frontier_Design=Final Frontier Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Andes=Pacific Andes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinterest=Pinterest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinohimitsu=Kinohimitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optical_Express=Optical Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Nutrition=Liquid Nutrition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wippermann=Wippermann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_Communications_AG=Sunrise Communications AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genstar_Development_Company=Genstar Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enerpac=Enerpac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEJ_Productions=DEJ Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_University_&_Schools_Club=Union, University & Schools Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horten_AG=Horten AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Games_(EA)=Victory Games (EA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Education_&_Technologies_Ltd=Core Education & Technologies Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Circulation=Curtis Circulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showstopper_American_Dance_Championships=Showstopper American Dance Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahanagar_Gas=Mahanagar Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Youth=The Voice of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripe_(company)=Stripe (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Williams_Advertising=Martin Williams Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan_Tao_Group=Tan Tao Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calatrava_Capital_S.A.=Calatrava Capital S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeover_Entertainment=Takeover Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyemart_Express=Eyemart Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favre-Leuba=Favre-Leuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgian_Export_Credit_Agency=Belgian Export Credit Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eterniti_Motors=Eterniti Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anteros_Coachworks=Anteros Coachworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almac_(automobile)=Almac (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VAPCO=VAPCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Technology_Interactive=Travel Technology Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelrad=Stelrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderhoney=Thunderhoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongal=Tongal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etix=Etix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynadot=Dynadot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brotzeit_(restaurant)=Brotzeit (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KVH_Co._Ltd.=KVH Co. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badgeville=Badgeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modiin_Energy=Modiin Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronation_Fund_Managers=Coronation Fund Managers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redcats=Redcats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eider_(brand)=Eider (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trion_Worlds=Trion Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catcha_Group=Catcha Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfbrick_Studios=Halfbrick Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commission_on_Accreditation_for_Respiratory_Care=Commission on Accreditation for Respiratory Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companhia_Portuguesa_de_Hipermercados=Companhia Portuguesa de Hipermercados
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Lear_Automobile_Company=Oscar Lear Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Motor_Car_Company=Walker Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recheio=Recheio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsalebyowner.com=Forsalebyowner.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_(automobile)=Logan (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakevisual=Sakevisual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soules_(automobile)=Soules (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemrock=Kemrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steward_Health_Care_System=Steward Health Care System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewell_(automobile)=Jewell (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierce-Racine_(automobile)=Pierce-Racine (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colas_Ltd=Colas Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uddeholms_AB=Uddeholms AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_(automobile)=Cleveland (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Design=Max Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_Mexico=BMW Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HCL_ISD=HCL ISD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._T._Hackney_Company=H. T. Hackney Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_(automobile)=Upton (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Automobile_Company=Moore Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_(electric_automobile_company)=Ward (electric automobile company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigiNotar=DigiNotar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincere_Department_Store=Sincere Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PEB_Steel=PEB Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gebr._Heller=Gebr. Heller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Aviation=US Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills_&_Saunders=Hills & Saunders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BetaShares=BetaShares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Market=County Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMAS_(company)=EMAS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieberman_Software=Lieberman Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AuRico_Gold=AuRico Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GVK_(conglomerate)=GVK (conglomerate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaerer_Ltd=Schaerer Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compass_Rose_Benefits_Group=Compass Rose Benefits Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_WOW!_Awards=The WOW! Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Coffee=United Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Robotics=Liquid Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opto_Circuits=Opto Circuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRF_Limited=SRF Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Poker=Hero Poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Capital_Group_Limited=Emperor Capital Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Building_Technologies=Siemens Building Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groen_Brothers_Aviation=Groen Brothers Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECircle=ECircle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Vareli=Garden Vareli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Pensions_Services_Corporation=Alberta Pensions Services Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldera_(company)=Caldera (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimax=Optimax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BEHER_(ham)=BEHER (ham)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Rodgers_Organization=Peter Rodgers Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeacom=Zeacom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Party_of_Florida=American Party of Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fountaine-Pajot=Fountaine-Pajot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DaySmart_Software=DaySmart Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookstreet_Pictures=Brookstreet Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associazione_Italiana_Pneumologi_Ospedalieri=Associazione Italiana Pneumologi Ospedalieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragon_Innovations=Paragon Innovations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashtriya_Ispat_Nigam=Rashtriya Ispat Nigam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PolyOne_Corporation=PolyOne Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leece-Neville=Leece-Neville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Martial_Arts_Pakistan=Mixed Martial Arts Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia_Telecommunications_Corporation=Liberia Telecommunications Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonestar_Cell=Lonestar Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgioioso_Cheese=Belgioioso Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deconstructing_Dinner=Deconstructing Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asset.tv=Asset.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_in_the_Hood_(company)=Star in the Hood (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Bernard_Sports=St. Bernard Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivint=Vivint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_You_Grew_Up_With=Art You Grew Up With
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Networks_Western_Europe=Discovery Networks Western Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProFe=ProFe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skiddle=Skiddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas-Beazley_Airplane_Company=Nicholas-Beazley Airplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Line=Dominion Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenQloud=GreenQloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnTrac=OnTrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppDynamics=AppDynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TestPlant=TestPlant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SJD_Accountancy=SJD Accountancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunnu_Coal=Hunnu Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Vietnam=GM Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arup_Manufacturing_Corporation=Arup Manufacturing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghafla!=Ghafla!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon-Kucher_&_Partners=Simon-Kucher & Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luggage_Free=Luggage Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Networks_CEEMEA=Discovery Networks CEEMEA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughton_Ales=Broughton Ales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulloch_Limited=Tulloch Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Jackal=Laughing Jackal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_(transit_advertising_company)=Titan (transit advertising company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaughlin_&_Harvey_Ltd=McLaughlin & Harvey Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Associates,_Inc.=Commonwealth Associates, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Soaps_Limited=Kerala Soaps Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Areva_Wind=Areva Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler-Schebler_Carburetor_Company=Wheeler-Schebler Carburetor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stansberry_&_Associates=Stansberry & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Travel_Research=Smith Travel Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon'App=Bon'App
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossbeam_Systems=Crossbeam Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Shipyard=Hindustan Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_and_Jesus=Oscar and Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RateSetter=RateSetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virident_Systems=Virident Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genel_Energy=Genel Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Atlantic_Restaurant=North Atlantic Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirat=Mirat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loft_(store)=Loft (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YiNongDai=YiNongDai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Falafel=Just Falafel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MainPower=MainPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ural_Mining_and_Metallurgical_Company=Ural Mining and Metallurgical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autolib'=Autolib'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kad_Movies=Kad Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAR_Motion_Pictures=DAR Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetLogic_Microsystems=NetLogic Microsystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Device_Technology=Integrated Device Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connectify=Connectify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinbath=Grinbath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6WIND=6WIND
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datacert=Datacert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bet-at-home.com=Bet-at-home.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KERAFED=KERAFED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HC-One=HC-One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurostazioni=Eurostazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northland_Resources=Northland Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optenet=Optenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkland's=Kirkland's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vizada=Vizada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P2_Energy_Solutions=P2 Energy Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roche_Bros.=Roche Bros.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanata_Research_Park=Kanata Research Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalando=Zalando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eng_Wah_Global=Eng Wah Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Company_Zarechnaya=Coal Company Zarechnaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Horticulture_Mission=Kerala State Horticulture Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CISC_Semiconductor=CISC Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computhink=Computhink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_Insurance_Limited=Oil Insurance Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_Finance=Brand Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkel_International=Arkel International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EvoShield=EvoShield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EcoRodovias=EcoRodovias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Systems_Corporation=Noble Systems Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Board_of_Sleep_Medicine=American Board of Sleep Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOOR_photo_agency=NOOR photo agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Janala=BBC Janala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaadi.com=Shaadi.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_Australia=Bank of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewSat=NewSat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurobindo_Pharma=Aurobindo Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Louis_Aircraft_Corporation=St. Louis Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russo's_New_York_Pizzeria=Russo's New York Pizzeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kool_Smiles=Kool Smiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carahsoft=Carahsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Department_Store_(Japan)=Robinson Department Store (Japan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Resources=Continental Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_TV=Pandora TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discount_Home_Shoppers'_Club=Discount Home Shoppers' Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Supply=Direct Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crestline_Coach=Crestline Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPECS_Sport=SPECS Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Brody_Bond=Davis Brody Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kattegatruten=Kattegatruten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idol_Minds=Idol Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_Nation_Businesses=Cherokee Nation Businesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossendale_Radio=Rossendale Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gini_&_Jony=Gini & Jony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Services_Group=World Services Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_Paris_Vietnam=Sophie Paris Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCC_Group=NCC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashion_To_Figure=Fashion To Figure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accellion,_Inc.=Accellion, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soffe=Soffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Steel_&_Aluminum_Co.=Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEM_(Macau)=CEM (Macau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apteka95=Apteka95
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnadata_Group=Magnadata Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_Therapeutics=Silence Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cubic_Corporation=Cubic Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connoisseur's_Bakery=Connoisseur's Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NHS,_Inc.=NHS, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ssangyong_Engineering_and_Construction=Ssangyong Engineering and Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallmark_Business_Connections=Hallmark Business Connections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seessel's=Seessel's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Taste=Absolute Taste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_Corporate=Lima Corporate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uljanik_plovidba=Uljanik plovidba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucchini_RS=Lucchini RS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IOMA=IOMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEA_Refrigeration_Technologies=GEA Refrigeration Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SynBio=SynBio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthgrades=Healthgrades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FairPoint_Communications_Missouri=FairPoint Communications Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgacs_Group=Forgacs Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonghua_Grape_Wine=Tonghua Grape Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VirtualPBX=VirtualPBX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Beer_Company=Detroit Beer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Link_Communications=Red Link Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorthStar=NorthStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluristem_Therapeutics=Pluristem Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Gilbert_Medical_Center=Mercy Gilbert Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Travellers=Beach Travellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukiyotei=Ukiyotei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RADA_Electronic_Industries=RADA Electronic Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Group=Internet Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDAPT=IDAPT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xpert-Timer=Xpert-Timer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinewood_Studios_Group=The Pinewood Studios Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veloxis_Pharmaceuticals=Veloxis Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSSG_Holding=GSSG Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cvent=Cvent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcasting_Services_of_the_Kingdom_of_Saudi_Arabia=Broadcasting Services of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Congress_on_Fracture=International Congress on Fracture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapiens_International_Corporation=Sapiens International Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_do_Nordeste=Banco do Nordeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Entertainment=Brave Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_Peat_Group=Guinness Peat Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_&_Barnard=Cox & Barnard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisner_Food_Stores=Eisner Food Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilat_Satellite_Networks=Gilat Satellite Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semex=Semex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlgoSec=AlgoSec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Investis=Investis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDGE_Tech=EDGE Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Entertainment=Hot Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MGE_Energy=MGE Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Foods=US Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formula_Systems=Formula Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGA_Master=EGA Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_&_Hickman=Buck & Hickman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulkan_Group=Vulkan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Vectra_Helicorp_Limited=Global Vectra Helicorp Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarrell_Dental_&_Eye_Centers=Sarrell Dental & Eye Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_List_(company)=The List (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primagama_Tutoring_Institution=Primagama Tutoring Institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NJToday.net=NJToday.net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxand=Taxand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xaitment=Xaitment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MCDecaux=MCDecaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_Studios=Triangle Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crouzet=Crouzet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wulftec_International=Wulftec International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Jeans_Co.=Silver Jeans Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphsuits=Morphsuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurore_(internet_platform)=Aurore (internet platform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HitRecord=HitRecord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleena_MVNE=Teleena MVNE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weidlinger_Associates=Weidlinger Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolan_Bikes=Dolan Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_Structures=Landscape Structures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CR_Snow=CR Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Homes=Ivory Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhuru_Design=Uhuru Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capsule_(website)=Capsule (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cash's=Cash's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Gauguin_Cruises=Paul Gauguin Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Time_(DVD_label)=Twilight Time (DVD label)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Microtech=Cascade Microtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Seafood=Pacific Seafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Resources_Shenzhen_International_Trust=China Resources Shenzhen International Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Urban_Construction_Investment_Development=Beijing Urban Construction Investment Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CreateSurvey=CreateSurvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publicis_Healthware_International=Publicis Healthware International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biological_E._Limited=Biological E. Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xpanse_CGI=Xpanse CGI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayfair=Wayfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Aircraft_Corporation=Robertson Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelham_Bell_Pottinger=Pelham Bell Pottinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss-Robertson_Airplane_Manufacturing_Company=Curtiss-Robertson Airplane Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolis_International=Metropolis International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwestern_Energy=Southwestern Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearwater_Aircraft=Shearwater Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilesfay_Technology_Group=Ilesfay Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viarco=Viarco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrolina_(company)=Petrolina (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VWorkApp=VWorkApp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onyx_Pharmaceuticals=Onyx Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilted_Kilt_Pub_&_Eatery=Tilted Kilt Pub & Eatery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_&_Reed=Reed & Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenord=Trenord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impark=Impark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Lost_Magazine=Get Lost Magazine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guosen_Securities=Guosen Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RiT_Technologies=RiT Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Energy=Genie Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkett_Restaurant_Equipment=Burkett Restaurant Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_and_Bronze_Software_Labs=Orange and Bronze Software Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Measuring_Instruments=Nova Measuring Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.G._Communications=G.G. Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_Living_Villages=Campus Living Villages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confluence_(company)=Confluence (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Leicestershire_Railway=South Leicestershire Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Brands_Home_&_Security=Fortune Brands Home & Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beam_Suntory=Beam Suntory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durata_Therapeutics=Durata Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeroflex_Motion_Control_Products=Aeroflex Motion Control Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotex_Global=Rotex Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balzer_(automobile)=Balzer (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RevoluSun=RevoluSun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelitek=Intelitek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thello=Thello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internationales_Studentenhaus_Innsbruck=Internationales Studentenhaus Innsbruck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamano=Zamano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecel=Mecel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zetes_(company)=Zetes (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecoigo=Ecoigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_Gas_Company=Gujarat Gas Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Gas_Networks=Northern Gas Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BluePhoenix_Solutions=BluePhoenix Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neill's_(pub_chain)=O'Neill's (pub chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey_Home_Video=Monterey Home Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexicon_Branding=Lexicon Branding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennial_Choirs_and_Orchestras=Millennial Choirs and Orchestras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reolian_Public_Transport_Co.=Reolian Public Transport Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hersey_&_Son=Hersey & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Australian_Pastoral_Company=North Australian Pastoral Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_&_Keith=Charles & Keith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_McGregor_&_Sons=Robert McGregor & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EZchip_Semiconductor=EZchip Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JLA_(company)=JLA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blues_Jean_Bar=The Blues Jean Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welsh_Factor=Welsh Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromley_Originate_Change=Bromley Originate Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convergence_(New_Jersey)=Convergence (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advertising_Specialty_Institute=Advertising Specialty Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digic_Pictures=Digic Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KineticGlue=KineticGlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallon_Community_Health_Plan=Fallon Community Health Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SightSound=SightSound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainforest_Films=Rainforest Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra_Resources_Plc=Astra Resources Plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goli_Vada_Pav=Goli Vada Pav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_House=United House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costamare=Costamare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebm-papst=Ebm-papst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour_Beatty_Construction=Balfour Beatty Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funcionale=Funcionale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlecker=Schlecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bannatyne_Music=Bannatyne Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magaya_Corporation=Magaya Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Lip_Reading=Bad Lip Reading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Brewing_Company=Georgetown Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bioenergy_(corporation)=Bioenergy (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarPark_Korea=SolarPark Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freudenberg_Group=Freudenberg Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickie's_&_Pete's=Chickie's & Pete's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Pro_Wrestling=Metro Pro Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songtrust=Songtrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtiss-Caproni=Curtiss-Caproni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarm.com=Alarm.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Engineered_Components=Mansfield Engineered Components
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeVideo=WeVideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ANM_(Naples)=ANM (Naples)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMCO_Burglar_Alarm_Company=AMCO Burglar Alarm Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alleycat's_Pizza=Alleycat's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blis_Technologies=Blis Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FTI_Consulting=FTI Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumbak=Kumbak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Forge_Company=Buffalo Forge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonara_(company)=Tonara (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareeze=Bareeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibabanka=Fibabanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arista_Networks=Arista Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vizz_Africa=Vizz Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doro_(telecoms)=Doro (telecoms)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bioscrypt_Inc.=Bioscrypt Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowepro=Lowepro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BridgeClimb_Sydney=BridgeClimb Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMU_Australia=EMU Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Al_Brewing=Big Al Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Power=Silicon Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demaco=Demaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal+_(Spanish_satellite_broadcasting_company)=Canal+ (Spanish satellite broadcasting company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genband=Genband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_County_Bar_Association=Los Angeles County Bar Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiaomi=Xiaomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houzz=Houzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Enterprise_Associates=New Enterprise Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Knot_Brewing_Company=Diamond Knot Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OTE_TV=OTE TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Venture=Atlas Venture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribold=Tribold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alive_&_Kicking_(social_enterprise)=Alive & Kicking (social enterprise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott's_Meat=Abbott's Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._&_C._French=W. & C. French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERGO_Baby=ERGO Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratagene_California=Stratagene California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cineplexx_Cinemas=Cineplexx Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiera_Milano=Fiera Milano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Southern_Automobile_Company=Great Southern Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motorcycle_Superstore=Motorcycle Superstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candu_Energy_Inc.=Candu Energy Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betterment.com=Betterment.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Gate_Private_Wine_Management=Iron Gate Private Wine Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Studios=Royal Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gen-Probe=Gen-Probe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickenfeed_(retail_chain)=Chickenfeed (retail chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ittefaq_Group=Ittefaq Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livemusic=Livemusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepro_Mineral_Systems=Sepro Mineral Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokuyo_Camlin=Kokuyo Camlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ActionStep=ActionStep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixjax=Sixjax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huhu_Studios=Huhu Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletrosul=Eletrosul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletrobras_Eletropar=Eletrobras Eletropar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longchamps_(chain_of_restaurants)=Longchamps (chain of restaurants)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakthi_Sugars=Sakthi Sugars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco-Belge_de_Fabrication_du_Combustible=Franco-Belge de Fabrication du Combustible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletroacre=Eletroacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Marine=Orange Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coastal_Empire_Beer_Co.=Coastal Empire Beer Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schelter_&_Giesecke_Type_Foundry=Schelter & Giesecke Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber_Typefoundry=Weber Typefoundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Wagner_Type_Foundry=Johannes Wagner Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simoncini=Simoncini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syneron_Medical=Syneron Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heilan_Home=Heilan Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_and_Neave=Fraser and Neave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubbing_Brothers_International_Italia=Dubbing Brothers International Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altyn_Asyr=Altyn Asyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmasset=Pharmasset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garo_Sparo=Garo Sparo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streamworks_International=Streamworks International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Yah_Satellite_Communications=Al Yah Satellite Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cravingz=Cravingz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meka_Robotics=Meka Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eletrobras_CGTEE=Eletrobras CGTEE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TurboSquid=TurboSquid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClubTelco=ClubTelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock_'n_Load_(tabletop_game)=Lock 'n Load (tabletop game)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribhovandas_Bhimji_Zaveri=Tribhovandas Bhimji Zaveri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potok_(company)=Potok (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rourkela_Steel_Plant=Rourkela Steel Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARCOS_LLC=ARCOS LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velsicol_Chemical_Corporation=Velsicol Chemical Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miva_Merchant=Miva Merchant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LabLynx,_Inc.=LabLynx, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SENER=SENER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instituto_de_Resseguros_do_Brasil=Instituto de Resseguros do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cbeyond=Cbeyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClickSoftware_Technologies=ClickSoftware Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NL_Industries=NL Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Respiratory_Care_Foundation=American Respiratory Care Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klingspor_Type_Foundry=Klingspor Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottecchia=Bottecchia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remsoft=Remsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NETtime_Solutions=NETtime Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micott_&_Basara=Micott & Basara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-Reel=B-Reel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediapolis_(company)=Mediapolis (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cross_Blue_Shield_of_Massachusetts=Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_Bank=Hancock Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skatterbrane=Skatterbrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeover/Cloud_9=Takeover/Cloud 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Records=State Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellanox_Technologies=Mellanox Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_(company)=Angel (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Equipment_Direct=Power Equipment Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy_Diagnostics=Hardy Diagnostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Communications_Devices=Personal Communications Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballantynes=Ballantynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UAB_Institute_of_Law_and_Technology=UAB Institute of Law and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_(fund_managers)=Artemis (fund managers)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time:matters=Time:matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TekSavvy=TekSavvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SES_Astra=SES Astra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliable_Source_Music=Reliable Source Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendix=Mendix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TASC,_Inc=TASC, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azimut_Hotels=Azimut Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZipRecruiter=ZipRecruiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Asahi=TV Asahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berling_Type_Foundry=Berling Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephens,_Shanks_&_Sons_Ltd.=Stephens, Shanks & Sons Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talati_and_Panthaky=Talati and Panthaky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haas_Type_Foundry=Haas Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_Type_foundry=Amsterdam Type foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribevine=Tribevine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Bupa=Max Bupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckley_Aircraft=Buckley Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_State_Super=First State Super
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari-Keen_Manufacturing=Kari-Keen Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genting_Hong_Kong=Genting Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odyssey_Studios=Odyssey Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telarium=Telarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Aircraft_Corporation=Metal Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portadown,_Dungannon_and_Omagh_Junction_Railway=Portadown, Dungannon and Omagh Junction Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Votorantim_Cimentos=Votorantim Cimentos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findmypast=Findmypast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KWS_Saat=KWS Saat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vox_Media=Vox Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryyty=Ryyty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatshark=Fatshark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rugged_Entertainment=Rugged Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamWorks=DreamWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Activ_Solar=Activ Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baillie_Gifford_Japan_Trust=Baillie Gifford Japan Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Worldwide_Investment_Trust=Edinburgh Worldwide Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid_Wynd_International_Investment_Trust=Mid Wynd International Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Horizon_Investment_Trust=Pacific Horizon Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_American_Investment_Company=Scottish American Investment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baillie_Gifford_Shin_Nippon=Baillie Gifford Shin Nippon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiderwood_Studios=Spiderwood Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonian_Maritime_Assets=Caledonian Maritime Assets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Business_Technology_Center=Louisiana Business Technology Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilmaghani=Dilmaghani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Industries=Chrome Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DataWind=DataWind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.O.S._Better_Online_Solutions=B.O.S. Better Online Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qube_Cinema=Qube Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvil_Mining=Anvil Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hines_Lumber_Company=Edward Hines Lumber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Sensei=Q-Sensei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuesoft=Nuesoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J3_Productions=J3 Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_(toy_company)=Oxford (toy company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Connexion_Group=Business Connexion Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnox_Ltd=Magnox Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golaem=Golaem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getaround=Getaround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnery_type_foundry=Warnery type foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duh_i_Litera=Duh i Litera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schriftguss_AG=Schriftguss AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlex=Charlex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DynamicOps=DynamicOps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson's_Sandwich_Shop=Wilson's Sandwich Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willbros_Group=Willbros Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metorex=Metorex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Resources=Tiger Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towle_Marine_Aircraft_Engineering=Towle Marine Aircraft Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luma_Pictures=Luma Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Green_Energy=Urban Green Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aconex=Aconex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._Medical_Industries=D. Medical Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personyze=Personyze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutscher_Pressevertrieb=Deutscher Pressevertrieb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVI-SPL=AVI-SPL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Type_Foundry=Inland Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supermono_Studios=Supermono Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry_Levinson_Productions=Larry Levinson Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PROMT=PROMT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Lane_Ventures=Fast Lane Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slime_(brand)=Slime (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qnet=Qnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trennert_Type_Foundry=Trennert Type Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plante_Moran=Plante Moran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozar_Planners_Architect=Gozar Planners Architect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Wireless=Republic Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genzsch_&_Heyse,_A.G.=Genzsch & Heyse, A.G.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajaj_Corp=Bajaj Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler_&_Schill_GmbH=Schindler & Schill GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ador_Welding=Ador Welding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citibank_Korea=Citibank Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solumbra=Solumbra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Relic=New Relic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orfina=Orfina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collingwood_Shipbuilding=Collingwood Shipbuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfdex=Alfdex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Pixie=TV Pixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showing_Suite=Showing Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Centre_for_Automotive_Technology=International Centre for Automotive Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NATRiP=NATRiP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enlight_Renewable_Energy=Enlight Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capillary_Technologies=Capillary Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jokers'_Masquerade=Jokers' Masquerade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MENCK_GmbH=MENCK GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Project=Impossible Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craft_Lake_City=Craft Lake City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NEC_Corporation_of_America=NEC Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliantgroup=Alliantgroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Paint=International Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumos_Networks=Lumos Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VisionMap_A3_Digital_Mapping_System=VisionMap A3 Digital Mapping System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddiepunk=Kiddiepunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losh,_Wilson_and_Bell=Losh, Wilson and Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Metals_Corporation=African Metals Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clover_Food_Lab=Clover Food Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sartaj_bikaneri=Sartaj bikaneri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TruConnect_Mobile=TruConnect Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Holiday_Resorts_(India)_Limited=Sterling Holiday Resorts (India) Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointer_Telocation=Pointer Telocation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_Financial_Solutions=Peachtree Financial Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarir_Bookstore=Jarir Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africo_Resources=Africo Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chime.in=Chime.in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Women_in_Hedge_Funds=100 Women in Hedge Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Airship=Urban Airship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missouri_Athletic_Club=Missouri Athletic Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_On!_TV=Music On! TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tembusu_Partners_Private_Limited=Tembusu Partners Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocement_group=Eurocement group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napatech=Napatech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HelioSphera=HelioSphera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCTI_Solutions=PCTI Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zytronic=Zytronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_Minerals=Rubicon Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materialise_NV=Materialise NV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrimines_Resources=Afrimines Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremalt=Tremalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratosolar=Stratosolar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoMidjets=GoMidjets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Group=Villa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NuGeneration=NuGeneration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrecht_Art_Supply=Utrecht Art Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsys_Metals=Forsys Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_African_Mining_and_Exploration_Company=Central African Mining and Exploration Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Automation=Computer Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapeways=Shapeways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyvex_Marine=Zyvex Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snapette=Snapette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikanor_Plc=Nikanor Plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merkle_Inc.=Merkle Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._M._Laird_Airplane_Company=E. M. Laird Airplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emdeon=Emdeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vistagy=Vistagy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advania=Advania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestwich_Cricket,_Tennis_&_Bowling_Club=Prestwich Cricket, Tennis & Bowling Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Bank_(Atlanta_metropolitan_area)=United Bank (Atlanta metropolitan area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroPower_Technologies=MicroPower Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DON_Market=DON Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_&_Sullivan=Frost & Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_Communications=B Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Angels=New York Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zurich_Instruments=Zurich Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodimico=Sodimico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Macaroni=Tony Macaroni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Media_Entertainment=Guardian Media Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirHop_Communications=AirHop Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmers_Department_Store=Palmers Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathcoats_Farm_Shop=Lathcoats Farm Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradewind_Books=Tradewind Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scio_Diamond_Technology_Corporation=Scio Diamond Technology Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Health_Transformation=Center for Health Transformation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriTech_Software_Systems=TriTech Software Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Architect_Software=Chief Architect Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PapayaMobile=PapayaMobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Display=Japan Display
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvelous_(company)=Marvelous (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WebMaker_CMS=WebMaker CMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_City_Property=Joy City Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24/7_Media=24/7 Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Software=English Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Geduldig_Cranford_&_Nielsen=Clark Geduldig Cranford & Nielsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CP_ALL=CP ALL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Line_Agencies=Ben Line Agencies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Cup_Company=The Paper Cup Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriott_Vacations_Worldwide_Corporation=Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Armenia_Fund=Children of Armenia Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pozible=Pozible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_Resources=Range Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSL_S.A.=JSL S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snapdeal=Snapdeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Buy_Any_Car=We Buy Any Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electronic_Font_Foundry=The Electronic Font Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGN_France_International=IGN France International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schistosomiasis_Control_Initiative=Schistosomiasis Control Initiative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Wholesale=Daisy Wholesale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetheart_Video=Sweetheart Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_(company)=Access (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danube_company=Danube company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLC_bank=BLC bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_Bridge_Company=Midland Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAT_Technologies=TAT Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrobras_Distribuidora=Petrobras Distribuidora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Industrial_Enterprises_Limited=Kerala State Industrial Enterprises Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odebrecht_Energia=Odebrecht Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Infra_Limited=Green Infra Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_MAR=Abu Dhabi MAR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NNB_Generation_Company=NNB Generation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_(company)=Chef (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GO_technologies=GO technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_TV=Mondo TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravissimo_(company)=Bravissimo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construction_Mecanique_de_Normandie=Construction Mecanique de Normandie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbest=Norbest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daimler_India_Commercial_Vehicles=Daimler India Commercial Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graf_von_Faber-Castell=Graf von Faber-Castell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bivolino=Bivolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreshMinds=FreshMinds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digitalmindsoft=Digitalmindsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Legal_Foundation=New England Legal Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Lindsay_Parkinson=Sir Lindsay Parkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foz_do_Brasil=Foz do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bork_(Russian_trademark)=Bork (Russian trademark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Loan_and_Mercantile_Agency_Company=New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PGG_Wrightson=PGG Wrightson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_Entertainment_Corporation=Image Entertainment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Petroleum_Refinery_Company=Jordan Petroleum Refinery Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaSalle_Investment_Management=LaSalle Investment Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnCor_Biotechnology=EnCor Biotechnology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emaux_de_Briare=Emaux de Briare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baring_Vostok_Capital_Partners=Baring Vostok Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagasauris=Tagasauris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CM_Airlines=CM Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioLineRx=BioLineRx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keter_Plastic=Keter Plastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmtronics=Simmtronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Minerals=Mondo Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Machinery=Carter Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otelco=Otelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granby_Telephone_&_Telegraph=Granby Telephone & Telegraph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Duerr_&_Sons=F. Duerr & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_the_Study_and_Integration_of_Graphical_Heritage_Techniques=Institute for the Study and Integration of Graphical Heritage Techniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scappino_(fashion_house)=Scappino (fashion house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Intelligence_Center=Artificial Intelligence Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Industries_Kerala_Limited=Steel Industries Kerala Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Productions=Friday Night Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lechler=Lechler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prysmian_Group=Prysmian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procera_Networks=Procera Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgewood_Management=Edgewood Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CORE_Health_Care=CORE Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weemba=Weemba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getronics_Workspace_Alliance=Getronics Workspace Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bona_AB=Bona AB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrier_IQ=Carrier IQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brake_Masters=Brake Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantazzle=Fantazzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulpitt_&_Sons=Bulpitt & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_Machines=Arc Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straandlooper=Straandlooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookminders=Bookminders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Creek_Media=Crystal Creek Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisper_Systems=Whisper Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SerbianTV-America=SerbianTV-America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-Guard_Industries_Ltd=V-Guard Industries Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASIMCO_Technologies=ASIMCO Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edsby=Edsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Frog_Events=Red Frog Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testing_Mom=Testing Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamilnadu_Small_Industries_Development_Corporation_Limited=Tamilnadu Small Industries Development Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Votizen=Votizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algar_Telecom=Algar Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Silence_Productions=Radio Silence Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarWind_Software=StarWind Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialblood=Socialblood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HarvEast_Holding=HarvEast Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9GAG=9GAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_Fair=Zagreb Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_Asset_Development=Rise Asset Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoadRunner_(division)=RoadRunner (division)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uinta_Brewing_Company=Uinta Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke's_Poutinerie=Smoke's Poutinerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuziveedu_Seeds=Nuziveedu Seeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JiveBop_TV_Dance_Party=JiveBop TV Dance Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Hotels=Temple Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbrook_Group=Norbrook Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Flight,_LLC=Take Flight, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZeptoLab=ZeptoLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Company=Magical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueStacks=BlueStacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computers_and_Structures=Computers and Structures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyo_Electronics_Corporation_Limited=Koyo Electronics Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Wing_Cafe=Wild Wing Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowness=Nowness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melomics=Melomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmont_Railway_Motors=Fairmont Railway Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashed_Music=Unleashed Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filmscape=Filmscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_Middle_East_Co.=Tidewater Middle East Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genting_Singapore=Genting Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UMedia=UMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoneum=Autoneum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Energy_Development_Agency=Tamil Nadu Energy Development Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.TV=I.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Sciences_Foundation=Life Sciences Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akij=Akij
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietsovpetro=Vietsovpetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonga.com=Wonga.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armet_Armored_Vehicles=Armet Armored Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Maths=Applied Maths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMRIS=IMRIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Business_Consulting=Illinois Business Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubiquiti_Networks=Ubiquiti Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clevo=Clevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChinICT=ChinICT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igloo_(TV)=Igloo (TV)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson_&_Francis_Aviation_Company=Patterson & Francis Aviation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violent_Lips=Violent Lips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itera_ASA=Itera ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresser-Rand_Group=Dresser-Rand Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exact_Holding=Exact Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_Rail,_LLC=Regional Rail, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Creek_Distillery=Clear Creek Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Media_Limited=Guardian Media Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasma=Tasma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Generation=Macquarie Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ant_Media=Blue Ant Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IYogi=IYogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pannone_solicitors=Pannone solicitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapoorna_Gowrishankar=Annapoorna Gowrishankar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dishman_Pharmaceuticals_and_Chemicals=Dishman Pharmaceuticals and Chemicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_Educational_Endowment_Fund=Punjab Educational Endowment Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grotrian-Steinweg=Grotrian-Steinweg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TimeLogic=TimeLogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elico=Elico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_D_Wood_&_Co.=John D Wood & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compugen_(Israeli_company)=Compugen (Israeli company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennis_Round=Tennis Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cateye=Cateye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelo=Nelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InfiniDB=InfiniDB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ActivIdentity=ActivIdentity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Remedies=Help Remedies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnasound_Records=Magnasound Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mopani_Copper_Mine=Mopani Copper Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratolaunch_Systems=Stratolaunch Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Rack=Beyond the Rack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leafly=Leafly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gray_&_Company=William Gray & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy.com=Fancy.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multicult.fm=Multicult.fm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MikroKopter=MikroKopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holoor=Holoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VAZInterService=VAZInterService
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioGaia=BioGaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyient=Cyient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_International_Channels_Benelux=Fox International Channels Benelux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNS_Healthcare=GNS Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clustrix=Clustrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yospace=Yospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Building_Company=Mori Building Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Tungsten_&_Powders_Corp.=Global Tungsten & Powders Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abas_Business_Suite=Abas Business Suite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BHEL_Jhansi=BHEL Jhansi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelmoli=Jelmoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wen_Ken_Group=Wen Ken Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Into_The_Sun=Running Into The Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_(shoes)=Warrior (shoes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biesterfeld_(company)=Biesterfeld (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newhall_Publishing=Newhall Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxus_(media_agency)=Maxus (media agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokin'_Joe's=Smokin' Joe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psyop_(company)=Psyop (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreedomPop=FreedomPop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_V_Events=Henry V Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Client_First_Settlement_Funding=Client First Settlement Funding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kroton_Educacional=Kroton Educacional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Aircraft_Corporation=Paramount Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportscraft=Sportscraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanayama=Hanayama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Salame=Columbus Salame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marburger_Tapetenfabrik=Marburger Tapetenfabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helfensteller,_Hirsch_&_Watson=Helfensteller, Hirsch & Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Beef_Packing_Company=National Beef Packing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stemat_Marine_Services=Stemat Marine Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maclay_Murray_&_Spens=Maclay Murray & Spens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Color_Labs=Color Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HT_Omega=HT Omega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodies=Brodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh_Cartoonist_Association=Bangladesh Cartoonist Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basse_und_Selve=Basse und Selve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nest_Labs=Nest Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Localiza=Localiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMC_Trading=BMC Trading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Documents=Solid Documents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putera_Sampoerna_Foundation=Putera Sampoerna Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styrolution=Styrolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokheim=Tokheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessop_&_Company=Jessop & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Contractors=Jasper Contractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estonian_Genome_Project=Estonian Genome Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Potomac_Realty_Trust=First Potomac Realty Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incapsula=Incapsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GuidePal=GuidePal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_Movements=Classical Movements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Technology=Nine Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anobit=Anobit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueseed=Blueseed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Bench_Digital_Entertainment=From the Bench Digital Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Game_Publishing=Infinite Game Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artematica=Artematica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campustours=Campustours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beguiling=The Beguiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangren_Media=Tangren Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sphere_(social_network)=The Sphere (social network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Three_Gorges_Corporation=China Three Gorges Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSC_Aircraft_Company=CSC Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maduro_Holding=Maduro Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Motors_Corporation=Delta Motors Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Pixel_Games=Magic Pixel Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GetVidya=GetVidya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovira_Biscuits_Corporation=Rovira Biscuits Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replacements,_Ltd.=Replacements, Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvelo=Zvelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumont_International_Television=Gaumont International Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionheart_Music_Group=Lionheart Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_or_Dare_by_Madonna=Truth or Dare by Madonna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynetics=Dynetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Development_Fund_of_Iran=National Development Fund of Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Arden,_Inc.=Elizabeth Arden, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Remo_Macaroni_Company=San Remo Macaroni Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buitoni=Buitoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Molisana=La Molisana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Mart=D-Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_La_Perla=Hotel La Perla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pragma_Group=Pragma Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weitbrecht_Communications=Weitbrecht Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_(Fashion)=Splash (Fashion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_Fiat_Automobile=Nanjing Fiat Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BharatMatrimony=BharatMatrimony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangabandhu_Aeronautical_Centre=Bangabandhu Aeronautical Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Digital=Real Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crest_Marine=Crest Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Fire_Insurance_Company_of_New_York=United States Fire Insurance Company of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Dot=King of the Dot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSG_Limited=CSG Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Palm_Golf_and_Country_Club=Royal Palm Golf and Country Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_Media_Group=Timeless Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adzuna=Adzuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swisslion_Group=Swisslion Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Surf=Elephant Surf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meica=Meica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Lines=Horizon Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voiello=Voiello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanke_Hayden_Connell_Architects=Swanke Hayden Connell Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonic_Reality=Sonic Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motivate_(company)=Motivate (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Aircraft_Company=Mason Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisk_&_Robinson=Fisk & Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crittercism=Crittercism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Resorts_International=Diamond Resorts International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisk_&_Hatch=Fisk & Hatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Fisk_&_Sons=Harvey Fisk & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elecon_Engineering=Elecon Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supergiant_Games=Supergiant Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrin_Paris=Perrin Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REDgroup_Retail=REDgroup Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeta_Interactive=Zeta Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preferred_Hotel_Group=Preferred Hotel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Square_Studios_(division)=Times Square Studios (division)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ink_Pixel_Films=Ink Pixel Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neoweb=Neoweb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menasco_Motors_Company=Menasco Motors Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunard-White_Star_Line=Cunard-White Star Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murugappa_Group=Murugappa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Finest_Shows=World's Finest Shows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IdeaPlane=IdeaPlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etco=Etco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobiWire=MobiWire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EllisDon=EllisDon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trustmark_Companies=Trustmark Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagg=Zagg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapptic=Tapptic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conqueror_(paper_manufacturer)=Conqueror (paper manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Mackenzie=Wood Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Food_Industries=Modern Food Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natel_Energy=Natel Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savient_Pharmaceuticals=Savient Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeapFrog_Investments=LeapFrog Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exelis_Inc.=Exelis Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Healthcare_Services=Maxim Healthcare Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbella_Insurance_Group=Arbella Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoneyRates.com=MoneyRates.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutler_and_Gross=Cutler and Gross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JNBridge=JNBridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MindGeek=MindGeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Agricultural_Cooperative_Marketing_Federation_of_India=National Agricultural Cooperative Marketing Federation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tactical_Network_Solutions=Tactical Network Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Limited=Symphony Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_(company)=Zoom (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Relevance=Mass Relevance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defy_Appliances=Defy Appliances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limited=The Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isramco=Isramco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia_Watches=Arcadia Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_School_Fund=Permanent School Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Express=Lake Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devolver_Digital=Devolver Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citer_SA=Citer SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NGP_VAN=NGP VAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blur_Studio=Blur Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavour_recycled_clothing=Endeavour recycled clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Laundry_Systems=Alliance Laundry Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Warehousing_Corporation=Central Warehousing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whyte_House_Entertainment=Whyte House Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TS_Entertainment=TS Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDFC_ERGO_General_Insurance_Company=HDFC ERGO General Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sender_Films=Sender Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_Ellis_(sportswear)=Webb Ellis (sportswear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miniwiz=Miniwiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DevLab_(research_alliance)=DevLab (research alliance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoWorld=NanoWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Corporation=Focus Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlassPoint_Solar=GlassPoint Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modular_Mining_Systems=Modular Mining Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Lake_Jewelry_Works=Green Lake Jewelry Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramount_Equity=Paramount Equity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cake_Entertainment=Cake Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murrumbidgee_Irrigation_Limited=Murrumbidgee Irrigation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintiq=Quintiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeasePlan_UK=LeasePlan UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proceq=Proceq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoAndMore=NanoAndMore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_ULM=Cosmos ULM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikistrat=Wikistrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coherent,_Inc.=Coherent, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Associated_Television_International=Associated Television International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalogix_Software=Metalogix Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Add_Water_(company)=Just Add Water (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provident_Loan_Society=Provident Loan Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanac_Beer_Company=Almanac Beer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arckiv=Arckiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Global_Mail=The Global Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Flop=Don't Flop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Observatoire_International=L'Observatoire International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blendo_Games=Blendo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Sno=Tropical Sno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.J._Cave_&_Sons=H.J. Cave & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMX_Finance=TMX Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airborne_Windsports=Airborne Windsports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Eyewear=General Eyewear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protalix_BioTherapeutics=Protalix BioTherapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herstal_Group=Herstal Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animonsta_Studios=Animonsta Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MailChimp=MailChimp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dazey_Products_Company=Dazey Products Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arzest=Arzest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SecureDataRecovery=SecureDataRecovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doremi_Labs=Doremi Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indorama_Ventures=Indorama Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garma_Electric=Garma Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchover_Media=Switchover Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_stinnes_schiffahrt=Hugo stinnes schiffahrt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Media_Corporation=Nine Media Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTS_Group_Holdings=BTS Group Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artizone=Artizone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairhurst_(company)=Fairhurst (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-B_Emblem=A-B Emblem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainol=Ainol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nord-Ostsee-Bahn=Nord-Ostsee-Bahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keku=Keku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springland_International=Springland International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Own_Media=My Own Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rite-Hite=Rite-Hite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMACK=DMACK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DealDash=DealDash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NodeOne=NodeOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Intelligence_&_Processing=Financial Intelligence & Processing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Warehouse=ABC Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bito_AG=Bito AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurasia_Drilling_Company_Limited=Eurasia Drilling Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defence_Intelligence_(company)=Defence Intelligence (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitesse_Semiconductor=Vitesse Semiconductor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniplex_of_America=Aniplex of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reasonably_Priced_Comics=Reasonably Priced Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&M_Aviation=P&M Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Wing_Design=North Wing Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taylor_Companies=The Taylor Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakano_Corporation=Nakano Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qoros=Qoros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAD_Corporation=TAD Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Poulsen=Louis Poulsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorcesterScene=WorcesterScene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Brain=Pizza Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorefame=Sorefame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Water_Organics=Sweet Water Organics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonegate_Pub_Company=Stonegate Pub Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narotam_Sekhsaria_Foundation=Narotam Sekhsaria Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LIC_Housing_Finance=LIC Housing Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibbett_and_Britten=Tibbett and Britten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/360networks=360networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trampoline_(advertising_agency)=Trampoline (advertising agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milk_Link=Milk Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeasePlan=LeasePlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George_Spirits=St. George Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basho_Technologies=Basho Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medway_Microlights=Medway Microlights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Display_Corporation=Universal Display Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSL_Logistik=HSL Logistik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto_Electric=Palmetto Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norbar_Torque=Norbar Torque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AF_Compressors=AF Compressors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Global_Trading=Advanced Global Trading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anbessa_City_Bus_Service_Enterprise=Anbessa City Bus Service Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shindigz=Shindigz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabre_Aircraft=Sabre Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Jenn_Productions=Just Jenn Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choya_Umeshu=Choya Umeshu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EFY_Group=EFY Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nass_Corporation_B.S.C.=Nass Corporation B.S.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Bersama_Infrastructure=Tower Bersama Infrastructure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cigital=Cigital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realfiction=Realfiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnodal=Gnodal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecnica_Group=Tecnica Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DormCo=DormCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph_Engineering=Randolph Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SP_Entertainments=SP Entertainments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cause4=Cause4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_Software=Panther Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Films_Division_of_India=Films Division of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NimbleBit=NimbleBit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtic_Renewables=Celtic Renewables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruck.us=Ruck.us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Bio_Treatment=Advanced Bio Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekso_Bionics=Ekso Bionics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TicketNetwork=TicketNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpooling.com=Carpooling.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D._Landreth_Seed_Company=D. Landreth Seed Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udacity=Udacity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_(Danish_store)=Tiger (Danish store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payzone=Payzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Capital=Vision Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall.com=Hall.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Health_Network=Horizon Health Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TalkTalk_Technology=TalkTalk Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cable_Piano_Company=Cable Piano Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avignone_Chemists=Avignone Chemists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Production=Now Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Light_Pictures=Magic Light Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogebic_Taconite=Gogebic Taconite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extracorporeal_Life_Support_Organization=Extracorporeal Life Support Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Finance_Agency=German Finance Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veolia_Verkehr_Sachsen-Anhalt=Veolia Verkehr Sachsen-Anhalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-operative_Bank_Ltd=Co-operative Bank Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluedrop_Performance_Learning=Bluedrop Performance Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_National_Bank=Inter National Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerex=Amerex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darius_Films=Darius Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr_Brendan=Dr Brendan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasient=Dasient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charged_Productions=Charged Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werum_IT_Solutions=Werum IT Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppermint_Hotels=Peppermint Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mriya_Agro_Holding=Mriya Agro Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Orchid_Hotels=Royal Orchid Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindshapes=Mindshapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_PEI=Health PEI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Rifles=Knight Rifles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shintom=Shintom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofa.com=Sofa.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Granite_Pictures=Red Granite Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MT-Propeller=MT-Propeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalgoorlie_Brewing_and_Ice_Company=Kalgoorlie Brewing and Ice Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aternity_Inc.=Aternity Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Soft=Family Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godrej_Properties_Limited=Godrej Properties Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipa_Press=Sipa Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Kickup=Music Kickup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AVer_Information=AVer Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motherson_Sumi_Systems=Motherson Sumi Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAF_Neunkirchener_Achsenfabrik=NAF Neunkirchener Achsenfabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._Alam_Group_of_Industries=S. Alam Group of Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xylem_Inc.=Xylem Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reddy_Group=Reddy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peerless_Brewing_Company=Peerless Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alto_Dairy_Cooperative=Alto Dairy Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiggle_Ltd=Wiggle Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grange_Cooperative=Grange Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cope_Bros_&_Co=Cope Bros & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oddcast_(company)=Oddcast (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_Innovations=Arc Innovations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford_White=Bradford White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookpad=Cookpad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illuminati_Films=Illuminati Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Editora_Fundamento=Editora Fundamento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IProf_India=IProf India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NumberFire=NumberFire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAL_(Korala_Associates_Limited)=KAL (Korala Associates Limited)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyTV_(Arabic)=MyTV (Arabic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacchettificio_Monzese=Sacchettificio Monzese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zylog_Systems=Zylog Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_Ciboodle=Sword Ciboodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inthinc=Inthinc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASFiNAG=ASFiNAG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodefor=Sodefor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industriewerke_Ludwigsfelde=Industriewerke Ludwigsfelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmelkorn=Karmelkorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martin_Agency=The Martin Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre's_Ice_Cream_Company=Pierre's Ice Cream Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Pop_Art=Los Angeles Pop Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilebrequin=Vilebrequin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Lady_Comics=Dragon Lady Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Machinery=Titan Machinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarketInvoice=MarketInvoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_Stain_Studios=Coffee Stain Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSTC=OSTC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsea_(company)=Alsea (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Pharma_(Bangladesh)=Orion Pharma (Bangladesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glover_Park_Group=The Glover Park Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meru_Networks=Meru Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEMP_Technologies=KEMP Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunisie_Telecom=Tunisie Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennebogen=Sennebogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEA_Bock=GEA Bock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquardt_Group=Marquardt Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avian_Limited=Avian Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Line=Port Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remograph=Remograph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunawan_Steel_Group=Gunawan Steel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landwer_coffee=Landwer coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henne_Jewelers=Henne Jewelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffmann_Propeller=Hoffmann Propeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Art_Foundry=Modern Art Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qihoo=Qihoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warp_Drive_Inc=Warp Drive Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKS_Inc=AKS Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aymar-DeMuth_Propellers=Aymar-DeMuth Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Competition_Aircraft=Competition Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaminario=Kaminario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aperam=Aperam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TWC_Aviation,_Inc.=TWC Aviation, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permacharts=Permacharts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Venkateswara_Creations=Sri Venkateswara Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Communications_Authority=National Communications Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BroadLight=BroadLight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euskalduna=Euskalduna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2Z_Group=A2Z Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culver_Props=Culver Props
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Propellers=Felix Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSC_Systems=GSC Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartzell_Propeller=Hartzell Propeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegy_Propellers=Hegy Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivoprop=Ivoprop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCauley_Propeller_Systems=McCauley Propeller Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MW_Propellers=MW Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P_&_K_Enterprises=P & K Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cedar_Technology=Red Cedar Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacesetter_Propeller_Works=Pacesetter Propeller Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_Propellers=Performance Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precision_Propellers=Precision Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Aircraft=Prince Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcom_Group=Newcom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amara_Raja_Group=Amara Raja Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Fight_League=Super Fight League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onefinestay=Onefinestay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michell_Instruments=Michell Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warhorse_Studios=Warhorse Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Props_Inc=Props Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinnai=Rinnai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Croix_Aircraft=St Croix Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metal_Airscrew_Company=The Metal Airscrew Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensenich_Propeller=Sensenich Propeller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Tree_Hotels=Lemon Tree Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Prop=Sport Prop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterba_Propellers=Sterba Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Galt_Solutions,_Inc.=John Galt Solutions, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_Propellers=Tennessee Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vari-Prop=Vari-Prop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Warnke_Propellers=Bernie Warnke Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirl_Wind_Propellers=Whirl Wind Propellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Fashions=Raja Fashions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilliput_Lane=Lilliput Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InSoft_Inc.=InSoft Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neolane=Neolane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laserglow_Technologies=Laserglow Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magoosh=Magoosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aon_Hewitt=Aon Hewitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon_Airscrew_Company=The Falcon Airscrew Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schogini_Systems=Schogini Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._D._Oddy_&_Company=W. D. Oddy & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimate_Challenge_MMA=Ultimate Challenge MMA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella's_Kitchen=Ella's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Company=Soul Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swets=Swets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleg_Cassini,_Inc.=Oleg Cassini, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marzadro_Distillery=Marzadro Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabalco=Nabalco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freenet_digital_GmbH=Freenet digital GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_&_Cone=Carter & Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrinera=Arrinera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parle_Products=Parle Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_California_Wine_Club=The California Wine Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornerstone_Barristers=Cornerstone Barristers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonorous_Entertainment=Sonorous Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uptime_Devices=Uptime Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keihin_Corporation=Keihin Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent's_HealthCare=St. Vincent's HealthCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBC_Music=CBC Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Story_Interactive_Studios=Second Story Interactive Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigor_S.A.=Vigor S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bautek=Bautek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNS_Productions=CNS Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_International_Channels_Portugal=Fox International Channels Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidence_Group=Confidence Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soompi=Soompi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Software=Ginger Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Donation_Connection=Food Donation Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Builderscrack.co.nz=Builderscrack.co.nz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Street_Games=21st Street Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mela_(South_Asian_Entertainment_Service)=Mela (South Asian Entertainment Service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosewood_Hotels_&_Resorts=Rosewood Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusio_(ice_cream_parlor)=Crusio (ice cream parlor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwind_eye_tech_solutions=Schwind eye tech solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_Gayamakmur_Lestari=PT Gayamakmur Lestari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morison_International=Morison International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogarth_Worldwide=Hogarth Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GVT_TV=GVT TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venturethree=Venturethree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_Sails=Europe Sails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xtralis=Xtralis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOVEC=NOVEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoLumens=NanoLumens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmedpreparaty,_RUE=Belmedpreparaty, RUE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Concern=Waste Concern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logicalis=Logicalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_of_Derby_Group=Smith of Derby Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoa_USA=Stoa USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Marmalade=Young Marmalade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomura_Babcock_&_Brown=Nomura Babcock & Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JINED=JINED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Sustainable_Energy_Association=Ontario Sustainable Energy Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordeca=Nordeca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klein_Bikes=Klein Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_International_(Christian_microfinance)=Hope International (Christian microfinance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Controls=Kam Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Buggy=Baby Buggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Michigan_Credit_Union=Lake Michigan Credit Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Lips_Pizza=Hot Lips Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INCJ=INCJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Research_Council_Technology=Medical Research Council Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni_Lad=Uni Lad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finsterwalder=Finsterwalder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mu_Sigma_Inc.=Mu Sigma Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awamaki=Awamaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Keystone_Petroleum=Gulf Keystone Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapdoor_(company)=Trapdoor (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIFAS=GIFAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Knapp_Video=Wood Knapp Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Hausfeld=Campbell Hausfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_Petrokimia_Gresik=PT Petrokimia Gresik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grif_Italia=Grif Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drachenbau_Josef_Guggenmos=Drachenbau Josef Guggenmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stipple_(company)=Stipple (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcapitalbank=Transcapitalbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Bus=Lion Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlixPartners=AlixPartners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binz_(vehicles)=Binz (vehicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasta_Bravo=Pasta Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Shining_City_Productions=Bright Shining City Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzzy_Lane=Muzzy Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XS_Software=XS Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altius_Architects=Altius Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerkit=Hammerkit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Purnell=Cecil Purnell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_and_North_Wales_Steamship_Company=Liverpool and North Wales Steamship Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Capital_Corporation=Digital Capital Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PIK_Group=PIK Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobeImmune=GlobeImmune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaranteed_Rate=Guaranteed Rate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCA_Design_International_Ltd=DCA Design International Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JustFab=JustFab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantive=Vantive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIXY=DIXY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comco_Ikarus=Comco Ikarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestige_Group=Prestige Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOESK=MOESK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icaro_2000=Icaro 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benitec_Biopharma_Ltd=Benitec Biopharma Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_Studios=Astro Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stagecoach_in_Bassetlaw=Stagecoach in Bassetlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmaWaterways=AmaWaterways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayern_Brewing,_Inc.=Bayern Brewing, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Room=The Chinese Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N-ERGIE=N-ERGIE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integromics=Integromics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VirtualCourthouse.com=VirtualCourthouse.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aereo=Aereo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caucho_Technology=Caucho Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boodles_(company)=Boodles (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polson_(brand)=Polson (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_DreamWorks=Oriental DreamWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbekfilm=Uzbekfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini_Kalzone=Mini Kalzone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastertronic_Group=Mastertronic Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlbertMing=AlbertMing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giraffas=Giraffas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_World_Entertainment=Open World Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guizhentang_Pharmaceutical_company=Guizhentang Pharmaceutical company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rei_do_Mate=Rei do Mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikarus_Drachen_Thomas_Pellicci=Ikarus Drachen Thomas Pellicci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry-Wehmiller=Barry-Wehmiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yogoberry=Yogoberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regaltip=Regaltip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kegg's_Candies=Kegg's Candies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoleto_(restaurant)=Spoleto (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impuls=Impuls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostotrest=Mostotrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Monitoring_Africa=Entertainment Monitoring Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breivoll_Inspection_Technologies_AS=Breivoll Inspection Technologies AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commercial_Bank_of_India=Commercial Bank of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beulah_London=Beulah London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voxxi=Voxxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Channel=Full Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Leon_Energy=San Leon Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookboon=Bookboon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_PPM_software=Eclipse PPM software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrick_Systems,_Inc.=Merrick Systems, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_for_Cures=Kind for Cures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Media_Group=Halifax Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IguanaBee=IguanaBee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netshoes=Netshoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodsal_Group=Dodsal Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officina_Stellare=Officina Stellare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFE_(Belgium)=CFE (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmarthenshire_Cheese_Company=Carmarthenshire Cheese Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monaco_Telecom=Monaco Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEO_Express=LEO Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance_Pro_Wrestling=Resistance Pro Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Sherpas=Cloud Sherpas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neo_Solar_Power=Neo Solar Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DesignTech_Systems=DesignTech Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medixsysteme=Medixsysteme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimension_Pictures_(1970s_company)=Dimension Pictures (1970s company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxtec_UK=Roxtec UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mage_Solar=Mage Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwill,_The_Amity_Group=Goodwill, The Amity Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CroisiEurope=CroisiEurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_Institute_of_Medical_Sciences_and_Research_Centre=Amrita Institute of Medical Sciences and Research Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Park=Q-Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walden's_Puddle=Walden's Puddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Development_of_Global_Education=Early Development of Global Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Grills=Jackson Grills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventist_HealthCare=Adventist HealthCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantelion_Films=Pantelion Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panopto=Panopto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerodrome_Inc.=Aerodrome Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RJ_Lee_Group=RJ Lee Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Gas_plc=British Gas plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Expressions=Indian Expressions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Communication_Sciences=Applied Communication Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSL_DualCom=CSL DualCom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlanship_SA=Atlanship SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radius_Ventures=Radius Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airespring=Airespring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pon_Holdings=Pon Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Four_Entertainment=Force Four Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mekog=Mekog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handheld_Culture=Handheld Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odile_Decq=Odile Decq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Mouette=La Mouette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsai_Capital=Tsai Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discotek_Media=Discotek Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingz_(company)=Wingz (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashundhara_Group=Bashundhara Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurn's=Thurn's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Engineering_Works=Dominion Engineering Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_World=Asia World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Freight_Car_Leasing_Company=Chicago Freight Car Leasing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimble_Storage=Nimble Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumeirah_Lakes_Towers_Free_Zone=Jumeirah Lakes Towers Free Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdura_(jeweler)=Verdura (jeweler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grohe=Grohe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagata_Acoustics=Nagata Acoustics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.G.F.=E.G.F.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep-it_Technologies=Keep-it Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portvision=Portvision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venoco=Venoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_for_Elimination_of_Rural_Poverty=Society for Elimination of Rural Poverty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateliers_Germain=Ateliers Germain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolckow_Vaughan=Bolckow Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquion_Energy=Aquion Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backbone_Connect=Backbone Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NUE_Agency=NUE Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superunie=Superunie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Cleantech_Incubator=LA Cleantech Incubator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synapse_Group=Synapse Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crea-Tech=Crea-Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Marconi=Radio Marconi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckeye_Industries=Buckeye Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netskope,_Inc=Netskope, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algerian_Petroleum_Institute=Algerian Petroleum Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenprise=Zenprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skin_House=The Skin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UserVoice=UserVoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukeko_Pictures=Pukeko Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_Squared_Lasers=M Squared Lasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XCMG=XCMG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustine's_Pizza=Augustine's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alli_Sports=Alli Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeatMe=SeatMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Pictures=Rocket Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Power_Finance=Clean Power Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platinum_Suites=Platinum Suites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purdy's_Chocolates=Purdy's Chocolates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcan_(mining_company)=Volcan (mining company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SACO_Hardware=SACO Hardware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workpoint_Entertainment=Workpoint Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_Comes_By_Hearing=Faith Comes By Hearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriends_Films=Girlfriends Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elecraft=Elecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coca-Cola_Bottlers_Philippines,_Inc.=Coca-Cola Bottlers Philippines, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesarstone_Sdot-Yam=Caesarstone Sdot-Yam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Technologies_Center=Advanced Technologies Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedlink=Speedlink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JamiQ=JamiQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wistia=Wistia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Aircraft_Company=Union Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurovegas=Eurovegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediaocean=Mediaocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Director's_Kut_Productions=Director's Kut Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Gaming_Network=Social Gaming Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_Homes=Fulton Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insignia_Films=Insignia Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFA_Sports=UFA Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudra_Communications_Limited=Mudra Communications Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owlchemy_Labs=Owlchemy Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WonderMedia=WonderMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agile_Networks=Agile Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahelis_Productions=Sahelis Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Attachmate_Group=The Attachmate Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HotHead_Productions=HotHead Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Systems_Management_Canada=Information Systems Management Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Research_Network=Saskatchewan Research Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumo_Logic=Sumo Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratton_(Financial_Services)=Stratton (Financial Services)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupa=Coupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heldeberg_Designs=Heldeberg Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimystix_Entertainment=Optimystix Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermont_Information_Processing=Vermont Information Processing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Toys=Industrial Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infraspeed=Infraspeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPG_Group_Limited=IPG Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tastecard=Tastecard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justdial=Justdial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan_Jewellers=Kalyan Jewellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJ's_Creative_Unit=DJ's Creative Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashi_Sumeet_Productions=Shashi Sumeet Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everest_(company)=Everest (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paladin_Industries=Paladin Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busek=Busek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Ren_Tea=Ten Ren Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heuliez_Bus=Heuliez Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobas=Hobas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Group_(recruitment_company)=Orion Group (recruitment company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Para-Ski=Para-Ski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Newspapers=Continental Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Newspaper_Group=Alta Newspaper Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thresher_&_Glenny=Thresher & Glenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustler_Yachts=Rustler Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imangi_Studios=Imangi Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicos=Dicos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapoorji_Pallonji_Group=Shapoorji Pallonji Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khimji_Poonja_Freight_Forwarders_Pvt_Ltd=Khimji Poonja Freight Forwarders Pvt Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollee=Pollee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Rogers_Limited=Jeremy Rogers Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RusPetro=RusPetro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_Blur=Motion Blur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pea_Soup_Andersen's=Pea Soup Andersen's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powrachute=Powrachute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VPI_Industries=VPI Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luckett_&_Farley=Luckett & Farley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbo_Movement_Systems=Forbo Movement Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Business_School_Barcelona=Global Business School Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Garden-Arena_Corporation=Boston Garden-Arena Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedre_Fine_Chocolate=Bedre Fine Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toshiba_Medical_Systems_Corporation=Toshiba Medical Systems Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edition_S=Edition S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Points=Energy Points
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dollar_Shave_Club=Dollar Shave Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numi_Organic_Tea=Numi Organic Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstream_Kentucky_East=Windstream Kentucky East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstream_Kentucky_West=Windstream Kentucky West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstream_North_Carolina=Windstream North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khan_Investment_Management=Khan Investment Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hortonworks=Hortonworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_Rock_Film_Tour=Reel Rock Film Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kambarka_Engineering_Works=Kambarka Engineering Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumitama_Agri=Bumitama Agri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DX_Group=DX Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byelorussian_Steel_Works=Byelorussian Steel Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idex_ASA=Idex ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuffy_Auto_Service_Centers=Tuffy Auto Service Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_City_Ballet=Cork City Ballet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.W._Webb_Company=F.W. Webb Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covington_Brewhouse=Covington Brewhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea-Bow_International=Sea-Bow International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Soft=Career Soft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikita_Online=Nikita Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DLF-Trifolium=DLF-Trifolium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpCapita=OpCapita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9flats=9flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posco_Energy=Posco Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windstream_Missouri=Windstream Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinemoz=Cinemoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voxbone=Voxbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomberg_Government=Bloomberg Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKA_Brewing=SKA Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prana_Studios=Prana Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Chuter=Six Chuter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ting_Inc.=Ting Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayta_Films=Vijayta Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Computer_Applications=Scientific Computer Applications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonfiglioli=Bonfiglioli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_Engines=Perkins Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Industry_Commission_for_Scotland=Water Industry Commission for Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dotmatics=Dotmatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Energy_Engineers=Texas Energy Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connexus_Internet=Connexus Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inview_Technology=Inview Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Stern=H. Stern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HOSS_Records=HOSS Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SHFL_entertainment=SHFL entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptilo_Networks=Aptilo Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattress_World_of_Michigan=Mattress World of Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeqnce=Seeqnce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Brac_Housing_Finance_Corporation=Delta Brac Housing Finance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Conservation=Niagara Conservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tannen's_Magic_Shop=Tannen's Magic Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestergaard_Frandsen=Vestergaard Frandsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbo_Tape_Games=Turbo Tape Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayling_(PR_firm)=Grayling (PR firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Gas_Industries_Limited=Abu Dhabi Gas Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Forest=Media Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O.W._Timm_Aircraft_Company=O.W. Timm Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charm_Diamond_Centres=Charm Diamond Centres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FL_Goodwin=FL Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunnell_Incorporated=Bunnell Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eze_Castle_Integration=Eze Castle Integration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LibanPost=LibanPost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nodosa=Nodosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playground_Games=Playground Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tequila_Works=Tequila Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Real_Estate=Granite Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airframes_Unlimited=Airframes Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naviance=Naviance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markem-Imaje=Markem-Imaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Respiratory_Therapists_of_Ontario=College of Respiratory Therapists of Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_Energy=Opus Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizarbox=Wizarbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natal_Drums=Natal Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Model_Dockyard=Stevens Model Dockyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chestnut_Hill_Realty=Chestnut Hill Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denza=Denza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Internet=Rocket Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PiramalGlass=PiramalGlass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marel=Marel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maynilad_Water_Services=Maynilad Water Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahrain_Petroleum_Company=Bahrain Petroleum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applied_Films_Corporation=Applied Films Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highfields_Capital_Management=Highfields Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Xtreme_Cagefighting=Warrior Xtreme Cagefighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RatPac-Dune_Entertainment=RatPac-Dune Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunac_China=Sunac China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamers_(US_retailer)=Gamers (US retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyodo_Public_Relations=Kyodo Public Relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Sky_Network=Blue Sky Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Marc=Edward Marc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Dance=World of Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aikoku_(motorcycle)=Aikoku (motorcycle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIA_Motors=VIA Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouawad=Mouawad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elektra_(espresso_machines)=Elektra (espresso machines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Africa_Company=Swedish Africa Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krenholm_Manufacturing_Company=Krenholm Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Digital=Reliance Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cdp.pl=Cdp.pl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CATUAV=CATUAV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinx_(clothing)=Jinx (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Robot=Big Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intershop_Communications=Intershop Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Romania=Ford Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oltcit=Oltcit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Video=New Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galena_Biopharma=Galena Biopharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanhua_Group=Wanhua Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yorkshire_Purchasing_Organisation=Yorkshire Purchasing Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushiroad=Bushiroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSI_Group=OSI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Breeze=Fresh Breeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Chester=CenturyTel of Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArtAssure_Ltd.=ArtAssure Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Il_Volo=Per Il Volo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Spade_New_York=Kate Spade New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lodestone_Management_Consultants=Lodestone Management Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Eisenach=Opel Eisenach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opel_Special_Vehicles=Opel Special Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Communications_Group=Burrell Communications Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeltaHawk_Engines,_Inc.=DeltaHawk Engines, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Brownstone=Think Brownstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visage_Mobile=Visage Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shukan_ST=Shukan ST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RACER_Trust=RACER Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volko_Audio=Volko Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Game_Cartridges=American Game Cartridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zevia=Zevia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostaing=Rostaing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penta_Investments=Penta Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IROKO_Partners=IROKO Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Engineering=Fisher Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Maag=Dalton Maag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Products=Western Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PureWave_Networks=PureWave Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amtel=Amtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accusoft=Accusoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusion_Business_Solutions=Fusion Business Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CloudLock=CloudLock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_Paradise=Production Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryansky_Avtomobilny_Zavod=Bryansky Avtomobilny Zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider9=Spider9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Street_Capital,_LP=North Street Capital, LP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_&_Associates=Bennett & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolarBridge_Technologies=SolarBridge Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weinbrenner_Shoe_Company=Weinbrenner Shoe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Dean_Chocolates=William Dean Chocolates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Factor_Games=Genius Factor Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantri_Developers=Mantri Developers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privy.net=Privy.net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delacon=Delacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayag_Film_City=Prayag Film City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verallia_North_America=Verallia North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtledove_Clemens=Turtledove Clemens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daiichi_Kosho_Company=Daiichi Kosho Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudolph_Technologies,_Inc.=Rudolph Technologies, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Entertainment=Absolute Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RLX_Technologies=RLX Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triffix_Entertainment=Triffix Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Interactive=New World Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraborne_Aviation=Paraborne Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permak=Permak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Pines_Company=Sea Pines Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramotor_Inc=Paramotor Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coursera=Coursera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkwood_Entertainment=Parkwood Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolseley_Sheep_Shearing_Machine_Company=The Wolseley Sheep Shearing Machine Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishtel=Wishtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniFirst=UniFirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_J_Gleeson=M J Gleeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neobus_(Brazil)=Neobus (Brazil)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Boot_PLC=Henry Boot PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openpicus=Openpicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House_Resorts=Full House Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chippewa_Boots=Chippewa Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CronLab=CronLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Flags_Great_Escape_Lodge_&_Indoor_Waterpark=Six Flags Great Escape Lodge & Indoor Waterpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Products=Fly Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Lab_Comics=Action Lab Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larsen_&_Toubro_Infotech=Larsen & Toubro Infotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portalarium=Portalarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabtek=Fabtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecc_Alte=Mecc Alte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrecoresursy=Ukrecoresursy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Skies=Southern Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everspin_Technologies=Everspin Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheaffer=Sheaffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed's_Candy=Reed's Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail_Wheel_Plant,_Bela=Rail Wheel Plant, Bela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J&P_Cycles=J&P Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShopJimmy.com=ShopJimmy.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigby_&_Peller=Rigby & Peller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamburger_Mary's=Hamburger Mary's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusion_Studios=Illusion Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbus_Communications_Limited=Nimbus Communications Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plansee_SE=Plansee SE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samoo_Architects_&_Engineers=Samoo Architects & Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutscher_Fachverlag=Deutscher Fachverlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salts_Healthcare_Ltd=Salts Healthcare Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazelevs_Company=Bazelevs Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BP_Biofuels_Highlands=BP Biofuels Highlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sport_Copter=Sport Copter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg_Animation_Studio=Petersburg Animation Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgaria_On_Air=Bulgaria On Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accesso=Accesso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crnogorski_Elektroprenosni_Sistem=Crnogorski Elektroprenosni Sistem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Bean_(company)=Mr Bean (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Al_Atiq_Commercial_Corporation=Ali Al Atiq Commercial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrenza=Carrenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corvus_Hungary=Corvus Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daewoo_International=Daewoo International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glavkino=Glavkino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upworthy=Upworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Perla_(clothing)=La Perla (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microvisk=Microvisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Hotels=Even Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosensa=Prosensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BodyMedia=BodyMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arden's_Garden=Arden's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BluePearl_Veterinary_Partners=BluePearl Veterinary Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milestone_Aviation_Group=Milestone Aviation Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Insight=Game Insight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strabane_and_Letterkenny_Railway=Strabane and Letterkenny Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrit_Kinkel_Productions=Gerrit Kinkel Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Conservancy=Turtle Conservancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winceyco=Winceyco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zymeworks=Zymeworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonkang_Foundation=Yonkang Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProCharger=ProCharger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Rudolph,_Incorporated=Hans Rudolph, Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingjian_realty=Qingjian realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bansal_Classes=Bansal Classes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myint_&_Associates=Myint & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LoiLo=LoiLo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuroChem=EuroChem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAC_Fiat=GAC Fiat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coins_'N_Things=Coins 'N Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewish_Women's_Archive=Jewish Women's Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Coal_Company=Arctic Coal Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POSRI=POSRI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESWE_Verkehrsgesellschaft=ESWE Verkehrsgesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbubble=Redbubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radley_(company)=Radley (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alientrap=Alientrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKDKnickerbocker=SKDKnickerbocker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Telecommunications_Organisation=Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyburn_Security_Bank=Weyburn Security Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Ton_(brothel)=Bon Ton (brothel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aero_Synergie=Aero Synergie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(company)=Magic (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_&_Breezy=Coco & Breezy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HotelsCombined=HotelsCombined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Wu=Adrian Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceratizit=Ceratizit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gufram=Gufram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cermex=Cermex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encore_Enterprises=Encore Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokio_Millennium_Re_Ltd.=Tokio Millennium Re Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Carlo_Automobile=Monte Carlo Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AuCom_Electronics=AuCom Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.H._Griffin_Companies=D.H. Griffin Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Home_Gourmet=Asian Home Gourmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_Investment=Insight Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsylvania_Health_Care_Quality_Alliance=Pennsylvania Health Care Quality Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_II_Electronics=America II Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercedes-Benz_Bank=Mercedes-Benz Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dortch_Enterprises=Dortch Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BHAVINI=BHAVINI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroAndina=AeroAndina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signavio=Signavio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Water=Irish Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scents_of_Time=Scents of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Siren=Project Siren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitestein_Technologies=Whitestein Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackmagic_Design=Blackmagic Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSLGROUP=MSLGROUP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artio_Films=Artio Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buhler_Group=Buhler Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otherside_Farms=Otherside Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Marinas=Premier Marinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindcraft=Mindcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G-Music=G-Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACME_Comics_&_Collectibles=ACME Comics & Collectibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Religion=True Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Intercorp=Delaware Intercorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaeon=Aaeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planetary_Resources=Planetary Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tern_(company)=Tern (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liander=Liander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppExtremes=AppExtremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Research_Phantom=Vision Research Phantom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VeriStor_Systems=VeriStor Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locaid=Locaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Magazines=Universal Magazines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Broadcast_Network=Reliance Broadcast Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere_Origins=Sphere Origins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_NOT_Studios=Y NOT Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruchi_Soya=Ruchi Soya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filson_(company)=Filson (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obery_Farms=Obery Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonny_Gas_Transport=Bonny Gas Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaLab,_Ltd.=MetaLab, Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellicanolibri=Pellicanolibri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VimpelCom_Ltd.=VimpelCom Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer,_Browning_&_Rust=Spencer, Browning & Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geosoft=Geosoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MachineGames=MachineGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurostar_Automobilwerk=Eurostar Automobilwerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viki_(website)=Viki (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trupanion=Trupanion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Sixty=Miss Sixty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akamon_Entertainment=Akamon Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arseus=Arseus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_Forest_Country_Park=Darwin Forest Country Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MessageNet_systems=MessageNet systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic.Net=Atlantic.Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steger_Design=Steger Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soufflet_Group=The Soufflet Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serenity_Media_Group=Serenity Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XPO_Logistics=XPO Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Dairy=Modern Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twig_World=Twig World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safway_Services=Safway Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Delucci's=Joe Delucci's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facchini_Group=Facchini Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Valley_Railway=Finn Valley Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provalis_Research=Provalis Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Donegal_Railway=West Donegal Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donegal_Railway_Company=Donegal Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipeworks_Brewing=Pipeworks Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattress_Firm=Mattress Firm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland_Blyth_Limited=Ireland Blyth Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Value_Solar=True Value Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Tobacco_International=Japan Tobacco International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_Report=Record Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_Wall_Studios=Fourth Wall Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SESL_Australia=SESL Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Global_Beverages=Tata Global Beverages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EWOS=EWOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efore=Efore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ster_cinemas=Ster cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IASO_Backup=IASO Backup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosens_&_Co_Ltd=Cosens & Co Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CuteCircuit=CuteCircuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caffe_Bene=Caffe Bene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GIANTmicrobes=GIANTmicrobes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Networks_Malawi=Telekom Networks Malawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_Realty=Equinox Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runningland=Runningland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infigen_Energy=Infigen Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funtime_(manufacturer)=Funtime (manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swastik_Pictures=Swastik Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniche_Mining_Company=Aniche Mining Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_World_Computing=Other World Computing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caples_Jefferson_Architects=Caples Jefferson Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Home_Remodeling_Group=Power Home Remodeling Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuppie_Puppy_Pet_Care,_Inc.=Yuppie Puppy Pet Care, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Coast_Video=West Coast Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbo_King=Jumbo King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozilla_Taiwan=Mozilla Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MasTec=MasTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_City_Studios=Phantom City Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yatra.com=Yatra.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_and_Mahoney=Warren and Mahoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovereign_Wealth_Fund_Institute=Sovereign Wealth Fund Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renco_Electronics=Renco Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowtown_Guitars=Cowtown Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swegon_Air_Academy=Swegon Air Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdMarketplace=AdMarketplace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Generation_and_Distribution_Corporation=Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Transmission_Corporation=Tamil Nadu Transmission Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salora_(Finnish_company)=Salora (Finnish company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MS_Shoes=MS Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blipfoto=Blipfoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricel=Tricel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joongdong_Educational_Foundation=Joongdong Educational Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennial_Media=Millennial Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SBI_Capital_Markets=SBI Capital Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Sports=Samsung Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheltech=Sheltech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credit_Corp_Group=Credit Corp Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MASCOT_Workwear=MASCOT Workwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C2Call_GmbH=C2Call GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro-Fit=Pro-Fit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimigraf=Chimigraf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Group_(conglomerate)=Action Group (conglomerate)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepanta=Sepanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_Microfilm,_Inc.=Heritage Microfilm, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Cables=Hindustan Cables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arbitration_Place=Arbitration Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineered_Software_Inc.=Engineered Software Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visionary_Integration_Professionals_(VIP)=Visionary Integration Professionals (VIP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Products=Holmes Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atommash=Atommash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salix_Pharmaceuticals=Salix Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_Club=The Race Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avo_Photonics=Avo Photonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jute_Corporation_of_India=Jute Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oras_(company)=Oras (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QualitySolicitors=QualitySolicitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z2Live=Z2Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HgCapital=HgCapital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macfarlane_Group=Macfarlane Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razor_Boy_Music_Publishing=Razor Boy Music Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_Insurance=Society Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K/O_Paper_Products=K/O Paper Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertex_Inc=Vertex Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janji=Janji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Health=Everyday Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFAO_Ghana=CFAO Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghana_Oil_Company=Ghana Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinding_Gear_Games=Grinding Gear Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_Communications=Heron Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Lovers_Centre=Pet Lovers Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_Gameworks=Tango Gameworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penzeys_Spices=Penzeys Spices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Coffee=Peace Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewing_family=Ewing family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parke_&_Ronen=Parke & Ronen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powermat_Technologies=Powermat Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enerkem=Enerkem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlambeer=Vlambeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyman-Gordon=Wyman-Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Central_Bakery=Grand Central Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Gracia_Apparel=Alta Gracia Apparel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incyte=Incyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_the_Post=Rock the Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_R&D=Gravity R&D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Produce_Buying_Company=Produce Buying Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayankala=Bayankala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelguru.com=Travelguru.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Woode_Limited=Sam Woode Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immudex=Immudex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViSalus=ViSalus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaxess_Technologies=Vaxess Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Radiosurgery=San Diego Radiosurgery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Games=Maximum Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Shipbuilding_Corporation=Southeastern Shipbuilding Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_Shipbuilding_Company=St. Johns River Shipbuilding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santika_Indonesia_Hotels_&_Resorts=Santika Indonesia Hotels & Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Web_(company)=Golden Web (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PZ_Cussons_Ghana=PZ Cussons Ghana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flutter_(company)=Flutter (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink_(production_company)=Blink (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Telecom=Pacific Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinnell_Aeroplane=Grinnell Aeroplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanotex_Refining_Company=Kanotex Refining Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Data_Corporation=Evans Data Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenturyTel_of_Eagle=CenturyTel of Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairn_India=Cairn India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Indus=Air Indus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cph_Deutschland=Cph Deutschland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._J._High_Construction=H. J. High Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chobani=Chobani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Newspapers_Partnership=California Newspapers Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodler=Foodler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusty_Bucket_Restaurant_&_Tavern=Rusty Bucket Restaurant & Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicalis=Nicalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastWest_Studios=EastWest Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbicon=Orbicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danish_Agro=Danish Agro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alinta_Energy=Alinta Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Media_Business=Virgin Media Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiwave_Technologies=Hiwave Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Lauren_Corporation=Ralph Lauren Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDNX=MDNX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVB-Europe_(broadcaster)=TVB-Europe (broadcaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EQuibbly=EQuibbly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skidmore_Studio=Skidmore Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICM_Registry=ICM Registry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kairosoft=Kairosoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signia_(sportswear)=Signia (sportswear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nooter/Eriksen=Nooter/Eriksen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightower_Fiber_Networks=Lightower Fiber Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Plant_Hire_Guide=National Plant Hire Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tryg=Tryg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tube_Investments_of_India_Limited=Tube Investments of India Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIVA_Bahrain=VIVA Bahrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_(company)=Corona (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revuelta_Vega_Leon=Revuelta Vega Leon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chubb_Fire=Chubb Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hothouse_Creations=Hothouse Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witt/Thomas_Productions=Witt/Thomas Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Guys_from_Andromeda=Two Guys from Andromeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langendorf_Watch_Company_SA=Langendorf Watch Company SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Aerodrome_Company=Canadian Aerodrome Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OraSure_Technologies=OraSure Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metronome_Film_&_Television=Metronome Film & Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliphant's_Gym=Oliphant's Gym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Consultants=Consolidated Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cenikor_Foundation=Cenikor Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojo_Motors,_Inc.=Mojo Motors, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelotonia=Pelotonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waianae_Coast_Comprehensive_Health_Center=Waianae Coast Comprehensive Health Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edward_Hands_&_Lewis=Edward Hands & Lewis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMP_Capital=AMP Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castleblayney,_Keady_and_Armagh_Railway=Castleblayney, Keady and Armagh Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_World_Insurance_Group=Western World Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GE_Aerospace=GE Aerospace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyazaki_Airplane=Miyazaki Airplane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Horizon_Group=One Horizon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacifico_Seguros=Pacifico Seguros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabong.com=Jabong.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.D._Williamson=D.D. Williamson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigor_Industrial=Vigor Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cultuzz=Cultuzz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellen_Construction=Sellen Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_V's_Prime_Seafood=Eddie V's Prime Seafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Grape_Global=Black Grape Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HNZ_Group=HNZ Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Pay=Pirate Pay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Helicopters=Australian Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampo_Corporation=Sampo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandwatch=Brandwatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxoft=Luxoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex_Water_Company=Middlesex Water Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon_&_Seah=Langdon & Seah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dropmysite=Dropmysite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sereal=Sereal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playstos_Entertainment=Playstos Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TY_KU=TY KU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/123_Money=123 Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LifeProof=LifeProof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motive_NYC=Motive NYC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_Technologies=Maverick Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homestead_Book_Company=Homestead Book Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Midway_Entertainment=North American Midway Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FSE_Engineering_Group=FSE Engineering Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Djakarta=Delta Djakarta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meguro_motorcycles=Meguro motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BackTweets=BackTweets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Food=Bright Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skygoblin=Skygoblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freetricity=Freetricity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperion_Therapeutics=Esperion Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_Internet=Telus Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SidusHQ=SidusHQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_(company)=Arctic (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propequity=Propequity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertagni=Bertagni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kariba_Ferries=Kariba Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalian_Wanda_Group=Dalian Wanda Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Dragway=New England Dragway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arxan_Technologies=Arxan Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disruptor_Beam=Disruptor Beam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudi_Research_and_Marketing_Group=Saudi Research and Marketing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aaron_Sims_Company=The Aaron Sims Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruntwood=Bruntwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PoliticIt=PoliticIt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luken_Communications=Luken Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asiatravel.com=Asiatravel.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushcaddy=Bushcaddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CenterEdge_Software=CenterEdge Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woollim_Entertainment=Woollim Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_Motion=Leap Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENSHAA_PSC=ENSHAA PSC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoema=Knoema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midea_(company)=Midea (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumont-Pathe_Archives=Gaumont-Pathe Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphonic_Source,_Inc.=Symphonic Source, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopkick=Shopkick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hennessey_Performance_Engineering=Hennessey Performance Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COBB_Tuning=COBB Tuning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulsion_technology=Pulsion technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Nuclear_Transport_Institute=World Nuclear Transport Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swabr=Swabr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambuja_Cements=Ambuja Cements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colyaer=Colyaer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_Films=Identity Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualex-Landmark=Qualex-Landmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cradle_Hospital_Calicut=The Cradle Hospital Calicut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foba=Foba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/22Cans=22Cans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipshol=Chipshol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mircom_Group_of_Companies=The Mircom Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiletto_Spy_School=Stiletto Spy School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawya=Zawya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yulex=Yulex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_Motorcycle_Company=Wagner Motorcycle Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storify=Storify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edulanka=Edulanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.G._Balfour_Company=L.G. Balfour Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monoblock_Industry_of_Imagineering=Monoblock Industry of Imagineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbo_Interactive=Jumbo Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backpage=Backpage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verivo=Verivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exel_Composites=Exel Composites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongsheng_Group=Zhongsheng Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starco=Starco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockstar_Consortium=Rockstar Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betstar=Betstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imm_sound=Imm sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microinvest=Microinvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Shield_Cooperative_Insurance_Company=Arabian Shield Cooperative Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Reuters_Foundation=Thomson Reuters Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChromaDex=ChromaDex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lot18=Lot18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Wireless=Indigo Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/METRANS_Rail=METRANS Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis'_Horseradish=Dennis' Horseradish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tube_Products_of_India=Tube Products of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Bean=The Good Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigo_Planet_Records=Indigo Planet Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterMoor=InterMoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ixxi=Ixxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel_Marant=Isabel Marant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tastefully_Simple=Tastefully Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skins_(sportswear)=Skins (sportswear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Aircraft=Davis Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satmap=Satmap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monitor_Latino=Monitor Latino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HealthTap=HealthTap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Aircraft=Vulcan Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_Cinema_of_the_Philippines=Experimental Cinema of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insular_Life=Insular Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurt_Geiger=Kurt Geiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breadtop=Breadtop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doyle_Aero=Doyle Aero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongzhong=Kongzhong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-SOOL=K-SOOL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_Juku=Coco Juku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Gorman_Coach_Builders=O'Gorman Coach Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Deeds_Global=Good Deeds Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutfak_Sanatlari_Akademisi=Mutfak Sanatlari Akademisi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICON_Yachts=ICON Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badel_1862=Badel 1862
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwide_Power_Products=Worldwide Power Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changyou.com=Changyou.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_Clarity=Financial Clarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Cable_Corporation=Sky Cable Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandong_Energy=Shandong Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_Fish=Lightning Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsen_(company)=Arsen (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National-Report=National-Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeobit=Zeobit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/123Net=123Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happiest_Minds_Technologies=Happiest Minds Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhfilm=Kazakhfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biglari_Holdings=Biglari Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewMarket_Corporation=NewMarket Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/6fusion=6fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlitz_Japan=Berlitz Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topcraft=Topcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_&_Centric_Plc=Capital & Centric Plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sai_Productions=Sai Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harley-Davidson_India=Harley-Davidson India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_Studios=Signal Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Galaxy_Studios=Iron Galaxy Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Games_(company)=Nordic Games (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DotSUB=DotSUB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YCD_Multimedia=YCD Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technal=Technal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mountain_Learning=New Mountain Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MegaPath=MegaPath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwalee=Kwalee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_FX=Identity FX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwin_Heart_Pine=Goodwin Heart Pine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Interactive=Giant Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DDB_Mudra=DDB Mudra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankie's=Frankie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOZ_Penkala=TOZ Penkala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GovX=GovX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetalCraft_Marine=MetalCraft Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_Holding=Zagreb Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splitska_banka=Splitska banka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JR_Hokkaido_Bus_Company=JR Hokkaido Bus Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LearnVest.com=LearnVest.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simian_Squared=Simian Squared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integra_Home_Theater=Integra Home Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeti_Cycles=Yeti Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XLHealth=XLHealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berjaya_Group=Berjaya Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_British_Distillery=North British Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MySocialCloud=MySocialCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caraway_Conference_Center_and_Camp=Caraway Conference Center and Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_One_Mauritius=Bank One Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twister_Telecom=Twister Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qube_Logistics=Qube Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regency_Media_Group=Regency Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Corporation=Walker Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Foi_Strategic_Consultants=Ma Foi Strategic Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLR_Consulting=SLR Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Tax_Funding=American Tax Funding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Research_Society=Design Research Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_MicroGrants=Spark MicroGrants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_Labs=Breakout Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netdragon=Netdragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacFarlan_Smith=MacFarlan Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winco_Inc.=Winco Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Referalink_Network=Referalink Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genivar=Genivar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinema_Citrus=Kinema Citrus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SolveIT_Software=SolveIT Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PooPrints=PooPrints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterWorking_Labs=InterWorking Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Gorilla=Pink Gorilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZQGame=ZQGame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Doodle_Dandy_(restaurant)=Yankee Doodle Dandy (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangamo_BioSciences=Sangamo BioSciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloober_Team=Bloober Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Anthracite=Siberian Anthracite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_du_Jour_International=Point du Jour International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toscotec=Toscotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiris_Therapeutics=Osiris Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Caterpillar_Forklift_Europe_B.V.=Mitsubishi Caterpillar Forklift Europe B.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodgers_Townsend=Rodgers Townsend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigle_Whiskey=Wigle Whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poptent=Poptent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangote_Cement=Dangote Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peppy_Kids_Club=Peppy Kids Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Media_Publishers=Big Media Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DMCI_Homes=DMCI Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_CE=Quest CE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanungo_Institute_of_Diabetes_Specialities=Kanungo Institute of Diabetes Specialities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Electric_Vehicle_Sweden=National Electric Vehicle Sweden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invicta_Fighting_Championships=Invicta Fighting Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyfire_(company)=Skyfire (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualitrol=Qualitrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denbury_Resources=Denbury Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nina's_Waffles,_Ice_Cream_&_Sweets=Nina's Waffles, Ice Cream & Sweets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_Wind_Energy=Titan Wind Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anite=Anite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITTTi=ITTTi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Summer_Stage=Regina Summer Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calfkiller_Brewing_Company=Calfkiller Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_North_Carolina=Bank of North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoachUp=CoachUp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lit_Motors=Lit Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MathStar=MathStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Aeronautical_Company=Brown Aeronautical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovak_Sport.TV=Slovak Sport.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigiWorld_by_IDATE=DigiWorld by IDATE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puig_(company)=Puig (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventus_(company)=Ventus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Media=Captive Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverpop=Silverpop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigitalOptics_Corporation=DigitalOptics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swayne,_Robinson_and_Company=Swayne, Robinson and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marketo=Marketo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Garden=Open Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBO_Cinemas=MBO Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Much_Louder=Only Much Louder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Industries_Corporation_(Saudi_Arabia)=Military Industries Corporation (Saudi Arabia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Five_Star=Lotus Five Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shreve_&_Co.=Shreve & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Russia=Raven Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirloskar_Brothers=Kirloskar Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XCom_Global=XCom Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burleigh_Brewing_Company=Burleigh Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DELBio=DELBio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadtmobil=Stadtmobil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay_Jays=Jay Jays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPR_Microfinance_Institution=IPR Microfinance Institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_India_Software_Center=Samsung India Software Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RESON=RESON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made.com=Made.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_Software=Alternative Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Group_Inc.=Thompson Group Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stream_TV=Stream TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearCorrect=ClearCorrect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SingingCoach=SingingCoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderbird_Films=Thunderbird Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reno_CyberKnife=Reno CyberKnife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datacom_Group=Datacom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratoires_Expanscience=Laboratoires Expanscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweaty_Betty=Sweaty Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtel_(Africa)=Airtel (Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natera=Natera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Dreams_(company)=Fever Dreams (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Studios=Storm Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Parker_Drank_Here_Productions=Dorothy Parker Drank Here Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AudioGaming=AudioGaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin's_Famous_Pastry_Shoppe,_Inc.=Martin's Famous Pastry Shoppe, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharakah=Sharakah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowenta=Rowenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Stuart=Spencer Stuart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BuyCostumes.com=BuyCostumes.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrowdTwist=CrowdTwist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FCm_Travel_Solutions=FCm Travel Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressmart=Pressmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamagama_Entertainment=Lamagama Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiggle=Smiggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Propeller_Manufacturing_Company=American Propeller Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Dates=Lion Dates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse,_Inc.=Curse, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazoo_Brewing_Company=Yazoo Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Studio=Silicon Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bialik_Institute=Bialik Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SUPRENUM=SUPRENUM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_NYC=Piranha NYC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosmetrostroy=Mosmetrostroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tout_(company)=Tout (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverlife_Adventure_Centre=Riverlife Adventure Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recording_King=Recording King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belliss_and_Morcom=Belliss and Morcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robust_Details_Limited=Robust Details Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Chinos_de_Ponce=Los Chinos de Ponce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PMT_Italia=PMT Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trasporti_Pubblici_Luganesi=Trasporti Pubblici Luganesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Memory_Foundation=Internet Memory Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_San_Jose_Group=The San Jose Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid_Plc=Cupid Plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaji_Motion_Pictures=Balaji Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M.C._Dean,_Inc.=M.C. Dean, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoldFire_Studios=GoldFire Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realmforge_Studios=Realmforge Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Air_Parts=Superior Air Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Two_Wheelers=Mahindra Two Wheelers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BT_Wi-fi=BT Wi-fi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cummins_Allison=Cummins Allison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bench_(Philippine_clothing_brand)=Bench (Philippine clothing brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock_Knock_(company)=Knock Knock (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motion_Pictures,_S.A.=Motion Pictures, S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appro=Appro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Ass_Solutions=Big Ass Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HexaDrive=HexaDrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombay_Realty=Bombay Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Synthesis=Fly Synthesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mossy_Oak=Mossy Oak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonol=Sonol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_America_Western_Asia_Holdings=North America Western Asia Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanajan_Autotehdas=Vanajan Autotehdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogfish_Pictures=Dogfish Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halewood_International=Halewood International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InternetQ=InternetQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untappd=Untappd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yogscast=The Yogscast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Racing=Northern Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltika_Group=Baltika Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspen_Pharmacare=Aspen Pharmacare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samdani_Art_Foundation=Samdani Art Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongjin_Gold=Zhongjin Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Capital_Management=Vulcan Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemeyer_(tobacco)=Niemeyer (tobacco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belkin_WEMO=Belkin WEMO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_Mir=Studio Mir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatar=Fatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Foods=Belle Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seafolly=Seafolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yumilicious=Yumilicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerlink_Queensland=Powerlink Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_S.p.A.=Bravo S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VF_Venieri=VF Venieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rize_USA=Rize USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlo_(company)=Merlo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADEEM_Investment_and_Wealth_Management_Company=ADEEM Investment and Wealth Management Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Storm_Entertainment=Magic Storm Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_Partners=Genesis Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaio_GmbH=Metaio GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journatic=Journatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Legend=Flying Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THine_Electronics=THine Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entertainer_(discount_publisher)=The Entertainer (discount publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amur_(company)=Amur (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Steam_Navigation_Company=Atlantic Steam Navigation Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidyard=Vidyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WorldNow=WorldNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B-P_Battioni_e_Pagani_S.p.A.=B-P Battioni e Pagani S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SynCardia_Systems=SynCardia Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KraftWorks=KraftWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Electricity_Company=Jersey Electricity Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Green_Oman=Project Green Oman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_CycleWerks=Cleveland CycleWerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Lauerman=Bailey Lauerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inscape_(publisher)=Inscape (publisher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames_True_Temper=Ames True Temper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maker_Studios=Maker Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Motorcycle_Manufacturing_Company=Cleveland Motorcycle Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauskas_alus=Bauskas alus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyro_Motor_Company=Gyro Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppola_Foods=Coppola Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Content_&_Company=Content & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everloop=Everloop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.Orr_&_Sons=P.Orr & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickson_&_Welch=Hickson & Welch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Lock_&_Co.=James Lock & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Horse_International=Gold Horse International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPoT_Coffee=SPoT Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14_Reels_Entertainment=14 Reels Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Construction=Rocky Mountain Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silmet=Silmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Enterprises=Crescent Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claves_Records=Claves Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigfoot_International=Bigfoot International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FlyNano=FlyNano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cityfone=Cityfone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronation_Dental_Specialty_Group=Coronation Dental Specialty Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolfo=Rolfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrotest=Petrotest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matchlight=Matchlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolla=Jolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System76=System76
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teneo=Teneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELitmus=ELitmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore_Paper_Mills=Mysore Paper Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Research_Group=Berkeley Research Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Development_Design_Summit=International Development Design Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budget_Direct=Budget Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bremont_Watch_Company=Bremont Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VAV_Life_Sciences=VAV Life Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satya_Paul=Satya Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Close_Games=Danger Close Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santoro_London=Santoro London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Point_Zero_Production=Zero Point Zero Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FishBowl_Worldwide_Media=FishBowl Worldwide Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Style=Tiger Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACTS_Retirement-Life_Communities=ACTS Retirement-Life Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whalerock_Industries=Whalerock Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Electric_Vehicles=Canadian Electric Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlayson_(company)=Finlayson (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Maple_Games=Fire Maple Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Doctors=Game Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackie's=Mackie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severfield=Severfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Next_Door=Car Next Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Bio-Test_Laboratories=Industrial Bio-Test Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Recycling_International=Carbon Recycling International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Global_Service=Information Global Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracy_Title_Company=Gracy Title Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directorate_General_of_Shipping=Directorate General of Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Rock_Communications=North Rock Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaside_Communications=Seaside Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyocera_Unimerco=Kyocera Unimerco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemy_Goods=Alchemy Goods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Nicasio=San Nicasio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobosh_Aviation=Gobosh Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelja_Energia=Nelja Energia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craven_Laboratories=Craven Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Underclassmen_Combine=National Underclassmen Combine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMC_Chain_Industrial=KMC Chain Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMC_Corporation=SMC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textlocal=Textlocal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NORCAT=NORCAT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neal_Street_Productions=Neal Street Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scripted_(company)=Scripted (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_and_Prose=Politics and Prose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideal_Ice_Cream=Ideal Ice Cream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroDreams=AeroDreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_PLM_Software=Siemens PLM Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirada_Studios=Mirada Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zugara=Zugara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodell-Pratt=Goodell-Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAAH_Electric=KAAH Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Pictures=RKO Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PetroIran=PetroIran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Op5_Monitor=Op5 Monitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media-Saturn-Holding_GmbH=Media-Saturn-Holding GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PM_Entertainment=PM Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Peaks_(restaurant_chain)=Twin Peaks (restaurant chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DatPiff=DatPiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopormetal=Sopormetal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Commercials=Creative Commercials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wison_Group=Wison Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_First_Media=Digital First Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D.Phone=D.Phone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voxeet=Voxeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VocaLink=VocaLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naftiran_Intertrade=Naftiran Intertrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norsat=Norsat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAA_South_Central_Ontario=CAA South Central Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_JMS=Studio JMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAE_Systems_Southeast_Shipyards=BAE Systems Southeast Shipyards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poompuhar_Shipping_Corporation=Poompuhar Shipping Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Cooker_Foundation=Community Cooker Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Industrial_Investment_Corporation_Limited=Tamil Nadu Industrial Investment Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthea_Aromatics_Pvt._Ltd.=Anthea Aromatics Pvt. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnimeNation=AnimeNation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_Induction=Price Induction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Enterprise_Security_Products=HP Enterprise Security Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design42Day=Design42Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahn_Design=Kahn Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransitAmerica_Services=TransitAmerica Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASCO_Power_Technologies=ASCO Power Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrous_Resources=Ferrous Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Owned_Television_Stations=NBC Owned Television Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neon_Alley=Neon Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_Wave_Power=Neptune Wave Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thai_Rating_and_Information_Services=Thai Rating and Information Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideeli=Ideeli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspid=Aspid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_Communications=Bates Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baton_Rouge_Southern_Railroad=Baton Rouge Southern Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_FLOW_engineering=Advanced FLOW engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INK_Entertainment=INK Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GW_Pharmaceuticals=GW Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_Scali_Furniture=Nick Scali Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hortapharm_B.V.=Hortapharm B.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tan's_Film=Tan's Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Aviation_Beijing=Superior Aviation Beijing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warranty_Direct=Warranty Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Dreams_Inc.=Infinite Dreams Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_School_of_Music=Boss School of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FishNet_Security=FishNet Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autologic=Autologic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchwood_Pacific_Partners=Touchwood Pacific Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_Corp=Myron Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construction_Industry_Council_Hong_Kong=Construction Industry Council Hong Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Foods=Fisher Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperBot_Entertainment=SuperBot Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retail_Solutions_Inc.=Retail Solutions Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalDoodle=GlobalDoodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Online=Gerald Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryerson_Digital_Media_Zone=Ryerson Digital Media Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_East_Orchard=Far East Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_British_Mobility=Great British Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jobindex=Jobindex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SalesLoft=SalesLoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electricity_Ashburton=Electricity Ashburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sree_Lakshmi_Prasanna_Pictures=Sree Lakshmi Prasanna Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streum_on_studio=Streum on studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zerto=Zerto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interwetten=Interwetten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Aircraft_Company=World Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satchel's_Pizza=Satchel's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hint_Water=Hint Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Breweries=Kingdom Breweries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biomatrica=Biomatrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allgaier_(company)=Allgaier (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ElectraNet=ElectraNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galson_Laboratories=Galson Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Universal_Asset_Management_Co.,_Ltd.=China Universal Asset Management Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinar_Mas_Land=Sinar Mas Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMS_Audio=SMS Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BELIMO_Holding_AG=BELIMO Holding AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverage_Brands=Beverage Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaCDN=MetaCDN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OJSC_VimpelCom=OJSC VimpelCom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijayalakshmi_Art_Pictures=Vijayalakshmi Art Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecovative_Design=Ecovative Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NatureShare=NatureShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayotle=Ayotle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zynx_Health=Zynx Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digilant=Digilant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddock_Wood_Brewing_Company=Paddock Wood Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oskar_Mobil_a.s.=Oskar Mobil a.s.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codecademy=Codecademy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_&_Sundry=Geek & Sundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IES_Ltd=IES Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amarin_Corporation=Amarin Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CustomMade=CustomMade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_CyberKnife=Oklahoma CyberKnife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPA_co._ltd.=OPA co. ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Bank_Ltd_(historic)=Eastern Bank Ltd (historic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Helping_Hand_(halfway_house)=The Helping Hand (halfway house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Gas_Networks=Australian Gas Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar_Optiks=Gunnar Optiks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTV_Channel=MTV Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanitz_Aviation=Lanitz Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MBC_Networks=MBC Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_Magnet=Jade Magnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yashi=Yashi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenButton=GreenButton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DronaHQ=DronaHQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Research_Technology=Cooper Research Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atcom=Atcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PDFTron_Systems=PDFTron Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Pictures_Entertainment_Japan=Sony Pictures Entertainment Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeoplePerHour=PeoplePerHour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accretive_Health=Accretive Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Informix_Corporation=Informix Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Technologies_Group=Channel Technologies Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North-Western_Shipping_Company=North-Western Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Liberty=Solar Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga_Shipping_Company=Volga Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKIDATA=SKIDATA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hans_Adler_(business)=Hans Adler (business)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioPharm_(US_company)=BioPharm (US company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Films=Galaxy Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sea_Boats=North Sea Boats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intralox=Intralox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecodesk=Ecodesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AF_Holding=AF Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Routiers=Les Routiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Sundstrand=Hamilton Sundstrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woozworld=Woozworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izzi_Telecom=Izzi Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EmbroidMe=EmbroidMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrian_Support_Group=Syrian Support Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNF_Floerger=SNF Floerger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Entertainment_Group=Meridian Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centro_Elettrotecnico_Sperimentale_Italiano=Centro Elettrotecnico Sperimentale Italiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oink_(payment_service)=Oink (payment service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hana_Micron=Hana Micron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeus_Mortgage=Zeus Mortgage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takraf_India_Pvt._Ltd.=Takraf India Pvt. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV5_Network,_Inc.=TV5 Network, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heracles_General_Cement_Co.=Heracles General Cement Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JD.com=JD.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharps_Bedrooms=Sharps Bedrooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feroze_Wattwan=Feroze Wattwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluemercury=Bluemercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BuzzBuzzHome=BuzzBuzzHome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_Minerals=Lac Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandem_Group=Tandem Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MuleSoft=MuleSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elswick_Hopper=Elswick Hopper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domke=Domke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehicle_Factory_Jabalpur=Vehicle Factory Jabalpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe_Mines=Ivanhoe Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordnance_Factory_Tiruchirappalli=Ordnance Factory Tiruchirappalli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiepang=Jiepang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterilgarda=Sterilgarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlyshares=Earlyshares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_Foods=Expedition Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techonomy_Media=Techonomy Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaw_River_Railroad=Kaw River Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microleve=Microleve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vend_(software)=Vend (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerowisata=Aerowisata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faaso's=Faaso's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Bowl=Berkeley Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeboat_Distribution=Lifeboat Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bulfinch_Companies=The Bulfinch Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordnance_Factory_Medak=Ordnance Factory Medak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacor_(kitchen_appliances)=Dacor (kitchen appliances)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Interest_Registry=Public Interest Registry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punjab_Board_of_Investment_and_Trade=Punjab Board of Investment and Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severtrans=Severtrans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimerco=Dimerco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technopromexport=Technopromexport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIB_Software_AG=RIB Software AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asianet_Digital=Asianet Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synlab_Group=Synlab Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trivago=Trivago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Production=Asahi Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teeology=Teeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Minerals_Limited=Tamil Nadu Minerals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Cement_Corporation=Tamil Nadu Cement Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri-R_Technologies=Tri-R Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutti_Frutti_Frozen_Yogurt=Tutti Frutti Frozen Yogurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_Labs=Puppet Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Sugar_Corporation_Limited=Tamil Nadu Sugar Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTVA_(Hungary)=MTVA (Hungary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAFE_Boats_International=SAFE Boats International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedish_Motor_Assemblies=Swedish Motor Assemblies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Magnesite_Limited=Tamil Nadu Magnesite Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Industrial_Explosives_Limited=Tamil Nadu Industrial Explosives Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrustedID=TrustedID
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Communications_Organization=Special Communications Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_on_the_Move=Baby on the Move
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Confederation_of_Businesses=World Confederation of Businesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodenshi_AUK_Group=Kodenshi AUK Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banks_DIH=Banks DIH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Elements=American Elements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowlin_Travel_Centers=Bowlin Travel Centers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alderon_Iron_Ore_Corp.=Alderon Iron Ore Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Arts=Rogue Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altarea_SCA=Altarea SCA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Films=Virgin Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOTORAV_Industria=MOTORAV Industria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.P._Instruments=J.P. Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VCE_(company)=VCE (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Medical_Services=Tamil Nadu Medical Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Medical=Bone Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posiva=Posiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchells_&_Butlers_Brewery=Mitchells & Butlers Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baja_Broadband=Baja Broadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edenred=Edenred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borqs=Borqs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Small_Industries_Corporation_Limited=Tamil Nadu Small Industries Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animex_Producciones=Animex Producciones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Design_Associates=Integrated Design Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chettinad_Group=Chettinad Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omek_Interactive=Omek Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisbets=Nisbets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leading_Edge_Forum=Leading Edge Forum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercialys=Mercialys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Cyclotron_Systems=Advanced Cyclotron Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plastic_Omnium=Plastic Omnium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goji_Electronics=Goji Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAMAC_Properties=DAMAC Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSTech=PSTech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burelle=Burelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_International_Academies=Bridge International Academies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_TechOps=Delta TechOps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Life_Lodge=New Life Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArgoFilms=ArgoFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saft_Groupe_S.A.=Saft Groupe S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruner_AG=Gruner AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydle=Sydle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Air_Cab_Company=Yellow Air Cab Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Fuse=Fox Fuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knoll_Aircraft_Company=Knoll Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterdog=Yesterdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SELEX_Galileo_(Saudi_Arabia)=SELEX Galileo (Saudi Arabia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexity=Nexity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WareValley=WareValley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_Development_Studio=Paradox Development Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDMK=HDMK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faiveley_Transport=Faiveley Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polycount=Polycount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro.Mecc=Pro.Mecc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metricon=Metricon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASI_Government=ASI Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telechips=Telechips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_Lake_Camping_Resort=Panther Lake Camping Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taza_Chocolate=Taza Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_Australia=Shine Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Oak_Studios=Mad Oak Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JK_Lasers=JK Lasers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SysIQ,_Inc.=SysIQ, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciapode=Sciapode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/411_PAIN=411 PAIN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KOI_Auto_Parts=KOI Auto Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AryoGen=AryoGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BofI_Holding_Inc=BofI Holding Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynon_Avionics=Dynon Avionics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Power=Maxim Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Day_Corp.=O'Day Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenLink_Software=OpenLink Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_LLC=The Butterfly LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Aviation=Norman Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beaver_Mills_Lumber_Company=The Beaver Mills Lumber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_and_Rainy_River_Railway=Ontario and Rainy River Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echologics=Echologics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mueller_Systems=Mueller Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengion=Tengion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Power_Generation_Corporation=Odisha Power Generation Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MadBid=MadBid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Relations=Good Relations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasabi_Anime=Wasabi Anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldview_Entertainment=Worldview Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogent_Fibre=Cogent Fibre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denholm_Group=Denholm Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mueller_Water_Products=Mueller Water Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialight=Dialight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FastPencil=FastPencil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IP_Group=IP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passages_Malibu=Passages Malibu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigos_Creations=Amigos Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sqrrl=Sqrrl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcop=Arcop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyan_Silks=Kalyan Silks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSP_Group=SSP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urney_Chocolates=Urney Chocolates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Cuddle=Project Cuddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McElhinney's=McElhinney's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JuriNet=JuriNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercity_passenger_transport_(LPP)=Intercity passenger transport (LPP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightwork_Design_Ltd.=Lightwork Design Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moodagent=Moodagent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kluger_Agency=The Kluger Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIGI_Clothing=MIGI Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Robotics=Double Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvarez_and_Marsal=Alvarez and Marsal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Family_(food_company)=Happy Family (food company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Point_Harness=Six Point Harness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentry_siren=Sentry siren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AbbottVision=AbbottVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Motors_Cars=Tata Motors Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MDB_Communications=MDB Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherd_and_Wedderburn=Shepherd and Wedderburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReconRobotics,_Inc.=ReconRobotics, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhiteWater_West=WhiteWater West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zerodha=Zerodha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Schooled=Get Schooled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_gas_boards=Area gas boards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer_(company)=Archer (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine.com=Wine.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anhui_USTC_iFlytek_Co.=Anhui USTC iFlytek Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Rich_Steers,_Inc.=J. Rich Steers, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClure_Naismith=McClure Naismith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindustan_Photo_Films=Hindustan Photo Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tods_Murray=Tods Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_State_Road_Transport_Corporation=Odisha State Road Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCI_Aviation=SCI Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_Awards=Society Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlen_Realty_and_Development_Corporation=Arlen Realty and Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davao_Light_&_Power_Co.,_Inc.=Davao Light & Power Co., Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Venkateswara_Cine_Chitra=Sri Venkateswara Cine Chitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeevansathi=Jeevansathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canopus_Foundation=Canopus Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maspion=Maspion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchandize_Liquidators=Merchandize Liquidators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Aircraft=Rainbow Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Cloud=HP Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tradegood=Tradegood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodyear_Dunlop_Sava_Tires=Goodyear Dunlop Sava Tires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven45_Studios=Seven45 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Maid=Molly Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunacloud=Lunacloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flytxt=Flytxt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellavox=Stellavox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantronics_Gamecom=Plantronics Gamecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artsy_(website)=Artsy (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shindig_(video_chat_platform)=Shindig (video chat platform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profield_Contractors=Profield Contractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiting_Brothers=Whiting Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PROPARCO=PROPARCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegal_Pete's=Illegal Pete's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roland_Aircraft=Roland Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icing_Works=Icing Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluegiga=Bluegiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarTech.com=StarTech.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_&_Cooley=Hart & Cooley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Essex=Superior Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@lantic=@lantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_(company)=Spring (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seedcamp=Seedcamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HDFC_Life=HDFC Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterConsult_Bulgaria=InterConsult Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrimeFictionCanada=CrimeFictionCanada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TextDrive=TextDrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TC_Digital_Games=TC Digital Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petronor=Petronor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Tree_Brewery=Lone Tree Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton_(company)=Walton (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Factory=Scream Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JenniferSoft=JenniferSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Bill's_Brewery=Buffalo Bill's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppelia_(ice_cream_parlor)=Coppelia (ice cream parlor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FISME=FISME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimia_Farma=Kimia Farma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Power_Corporation=Atlantic Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Line_Group=Direct Line Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatist=Greatist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merregnon_Studios=Merregnon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Forest_Games=Black Forest Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SXM_inc=SXM inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resilience_Capital_Partners=Resilience Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GGB_Bearing_Technology=GGB Bearing Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DDG_Hansa=DDG Hansa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biolan=Biolan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobileBits=MobileBits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umai_Chemical=Umai Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmental_Defenders_Office_(Qld)_Inc.=Environmental Defenders Office (Qld) Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennis_(automobile)=Dennis (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Education_Society_for_Travel_&_Tourism=Bird Education Society for Travel & Tourism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldoni_(azienda)=Goldoni (azienda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assured_Neace_Lukens=Assured Neace Lukens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domo_(company)=Domo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Network_Hub=The Network Hub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NextRadioTV=NextRadioTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Iron_Works=Stewart Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubis_(company)=Rubis (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Dynamics=Escape Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geo_Films=Geo Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADATA=ADATA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby_Cycle=Derby Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demand_Institute=The Demand Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dabur_Research_Foundation=Dabur Research Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leach_(automobile)=Leach (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arasu_Cable_TV=Arasu Cable TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists_Music_Guild=Artists Music Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WTS_Group=WTS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calumet_Photographic=Calumet Photographic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Energy=Simple Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennerex=Jennerex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TribePlay=TribePlay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CytoViva,_Inc=CytoViva, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trustwave_Holdings=Trustwave Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Mills=Bailey Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurwitch_Products=Gurwitch Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoiio=Hoiio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indorama_Corporation=Indorama Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AAH_Pharmaceuticals=AAH Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mercer_Chronometers=Thomas Mercer Chronometers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BOARD_International=BOARD International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Construction_Group=Hunt Construction Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Damage_Films=Brain Damage Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xceedium=Xceedium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid_Operations=Fluid Operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VConnect=VConnect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_Sales=Cellular Sales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusmer_Enterprises,_Inc.=Gusmer Enterprises, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insurance_Services_of_America=Insurance Services of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitera_Healthcare_Solutions=Vitera Healthcare Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FusionCharts=FusionCharts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SINGER22=SINGER22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fnbox=Fnbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Consolidated_Media=American Consolidated Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striped_Entertainment=Striped Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EC_Harris=EC Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eraser_Company=The Eraser Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acrobits=Acrobits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Care=Virgin Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_Entertainment=Zodiac Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Bellows_&_Columbia=Brown Bellows & Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Media_Marketing,_Inc.=Maxim Media Marketing, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MTS_Turkmenistan=MTS Turkmenistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weller_Flugzeugbau=Weller Flugzeugbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Chunsoft=Spike Chunsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_Lions_Films=4 Lions Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopatoCo=TopatoCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E.SUN_Commercial_Bank=E.SUN Commercial Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maspex=Maspex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journelle=Journelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oknoplast=Oknoplast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdForum=AdForum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafren_Power=Hafren Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempean_Films=Tempean Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasty_Gal=Nasty Gal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_'N_Learn=Rock 'N Learn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simply_Business=Simply Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trazzler=Trazzler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrivacyStar=PrivacyStar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Films=Sherlock Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typaldos_Lines=Typaldos Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_(company)=Boundary (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Brewery=Roman Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rue_du_Mail=Rue du Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livestock_Improvement_Corporation=Livestock Improvement Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golan_Brewery=Golan Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cloud_(company)=The Cloud (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Schoen_Berland=Penn Schoen Berland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukee_Athletic_Club=Milwaukee Athletic Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._O._Smith=A. O. Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amkette=Amkette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATR_(company)=ATR (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LogRhythm=LogRhythm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APEV=APEV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spongelab_Interactive=Spongelab Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krampouz=Krampouz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Exchange_(company)=Science Exchange (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholey's=Wholey's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydroline=Hydroline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_State_Agricultural_Marketing_Board=Tamil Nadu State Agricultural Marketing Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Horticultural_Producers_Co-operative_Enterprises_Limited=Tamil Nadu Horticultural Producers Co-operative Enterprises Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Horticulture_Development_Agency=Tamil Nadu Horticulture Development Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Third_Ventures=Top Third Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primrose_Hill_Productions=Primrose Hill Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NexGen_Storage=NexGen Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMEC_Holdings=SMEC Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Energy_Group=Dana Energy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIG/Lincoln=AIG/Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galt_Toys=Galt Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affinity_Water=Affinity Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundarch_Isobar=Roundarch Isobar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Minerals=Wolf Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_United_Entertainment=Commonwealth United Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unibeton_Ready_Mix=Unibeton Ready Mix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JumpSoft=JumpSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eland_Oil_&_Gas=Eland Oil & Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horne's_(restaurant)=Horne's (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillshire_Brands=Hillshire Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immediate_Media_Company=Immediate Media Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anyvan=Anyvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Orleans_Silversmiths=New Orleans Silversmiths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyFerryLink=MyFerryLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kirk_(butcher)=Michael Kirk (butcher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takeaway.com=Takeaway.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_&_Vision_India=Sound & Vision India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkeley_Models=Berkeley Models
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warby_Parker=Warby Parker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suitsupply=Suitsupply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayeyarwady_Bank=Ayeyarwady Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NuoDB=NuoDB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yxaiio=Yxaiio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlanGrid=PlanGrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefaira=Sefaira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Carves=Simon Carves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMI_Music_Malaysia=EMI Music Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abcodia=Abcodia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maersk_Line=Maersk Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videoflicks=Videoflicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ServerCentral=ServerCentral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BREADA=BREADA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_the_Dance=Battle of the Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SunCruz_Aquasino=SunCruz Aquasino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tharangini_Records=Tharangini Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harita_Group=Harita Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Frontier=Solar Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_Bookstores=Landmark Bookstores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurita_Water_Industries_Ltd.=Kurita Water Industries Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicco_Group=Vicco Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novomer=Novomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Sustainable_Agriculture=Centre for Sustainable Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenir_Telecom=Avenir Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever_Nepal=Unilever Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yorkshire_Mafia=The Yorkshire Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InstaEDU=InstaEDU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitz_(software)=Blitz (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Distribution=Quality Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_&_Brown=Brown & Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraffection=Paraffection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintri=Tintri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UkrFerry=UkrFerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delivery_Hero=Delivery Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Starbucks=Tata Starbucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_&_Creighton=Foster & Creighton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groton_Bridge_Co.=Groton Bridge Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_&_Vacances=Pierre & Vacances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penspen=Penspen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zendesk=Zendesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4D_Rulers=4D Rulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_of_Myanmar_Economic_Holdings=Union of Myanmar Economic Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derby_(automobile)=Derby (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metabolix=Metabolix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micromuse=Micromuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geberit=Geberit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Rhino_Brewing_Company=Lost Rhino Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RiverSoft=RiverSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heer's=Heer's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabula_(company)=Tabula (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nega_Network=Nega Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransferWise=TransferWise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospecs=Prospecs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirsol=Wirsol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northdoor=Northdoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderstone_Software=Thunderstone Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isotope_244=Isotope 244
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MailerMailer=MailerMailer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modo_(car_co-op)=Modo (car co-op)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Edge=Clean Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Foods=Deep Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myanmar_Economic_Corporation=Myanmar Economic Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_Biscuit_Corporation=Republic Biscuit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RCI_Banque=RCI Banque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Myanmar=Max Myanmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Bridge_&_Iron_Co.=Virginia Bridge & Iron Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officine_Ferroviarie_Meridionali=Officine Ferroviarie Meridionali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teknekron_Corporation=Teknekron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Ferries=Direct Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlecry_Studios=Battlecry Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SweetWater_Brewing_Company=SweetWater Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyper_Island=Hyper Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIH=RIH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expert_Global_Solutions=Expert Global Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NQ_Mobile=NQ Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prismatic_(app)=Prismatic (app)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayerlack=Sayerlack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_do_Brasil=Renault do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Records_Europe=Planet Records Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imaginarium_Studios=The Imaginarium Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Want_Button=Want Button
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wipit,_Inc.=Wipit, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiesta_Nightclub_(Sheffield)=Fiesta Nightclub (Sheffield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qishuyan_Locomotive_and_Rolling_Stock_Works=Qishuyan Locomotive and Rolling Stock Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OKBM_Afrikantov=OKBM Afrikantov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentine-Seaver_Company=Valentine-Seaver Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Argentina=Renault Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERM_Power=ERM Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder_Electric_Vehicle=Boulder Electric Vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEN_Energija=GEN Energija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BMW_Brilliance=BMW Brilliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revoz=Revoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadara_Storage=Zadara Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widdicomb_Furniture_Company=Widdicomb Furniture Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ColosseoEAS=ColosseoEAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclarity=Eclarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flexiant_Ltd=Flexiant Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Dominion_Freight_Line=Old Dominion Freight Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Systems=Blue Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HomeAdvisor=HomeAdvisor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameChanger=GameChanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_&_Then_Books=Now & Then Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Milk_Corporation=Alaska Milk Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Allied_Fight_Series=North American Allied Fight Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aufbau-Verlag=Aufbau-Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touwfabriek_Langman=Touwfabriek Langman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadhwani_Foundation=Wadhwani Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jensen_Steam_Engines=Jensen Steam Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dentist=My Dentist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calix_Limited=Calix Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenade_Gloves=Grenade Gloves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VetDepot=VetDepot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Music_India=Sony Music India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinan_Railway_Vehicles_Equipment_Co.=Jinan Railway Vehicles Equipment Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Series_of_Fighting=World Series of Fighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Processing_HR_Council=Food Processing HR Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sails=North Sails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuzana_Company=Yuzana Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CD_Projekt=CD Projekt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betaworks=Betaworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intuic=Intuic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITM_Power=ITM Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Star_News=Gay Star News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AbsInt=AbsInt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundry_Visionmongers=The Foundry Visionmongers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_Holidays=Cosmos Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PharmaSecure=PharmaSecure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Database_for_Autism_Research=National Database for Autism Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewal2=Renewal2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athletic_DNA=Athletic DNA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Boulevard=Music Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moroto_Cement_Limited=Moroto Cement Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardom_Entertainment=Stardom Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutl=Shutl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novelty_Glass_Company=Novelty Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro-Composites=Pro-Composites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlin_Architecture=Champlin Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redpine_Signals=Redpine Signals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrueEX_Group=TrueEX Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acropetal_Technologies_Limited=Acropetal Technologies Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxeurope=Maxeurope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldermore=Aldermore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Island_Spirits=Long Island Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birla_Cotsyn_(India)_Ltd=Birla Cotsyn (India) Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digimind=Digimind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidel=Sidel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stallion_Bus_and_Transit_Corp.=Stallion Bus and Transit Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Research_Products=Thomas Research Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tap_for_Tap=Tap for Tap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Lining_Productions=Silver Lining Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InMusic_Brands=InMusic Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Omnilife=Grupo Omnilife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zojoi=Zojoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemfields=Gemfields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korchma_Taras_Bulba=Korchma Taras Bulba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_and_Lute_Workshop=Guitar and Lute Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_Accounting=Wave Accounting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hikvision=Hikvision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2U_(company)=2U (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HornAfrik_Media_Inc=HornAfrik Media Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Indus=Team Indus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoHands=GoHands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Go_(book_series)=Let's Go (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheScore_Inc.=TheScore Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hines_Interests_Limited_Partnership=Hines Interests Limited Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Up!_Games=Level Up! Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insurial=Insurial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Broadcasting_Corporation_(Hong_Kong)=Digital Broadcasting Corporation (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anfatis=Anfatis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autolinee_Regionali_Luganesi=Autolinee Regionali Luganesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuato_Studios=Kuato Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airports_Corporation_of_Vietnam=Airports Corporation of Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onyx_Path_Publishing=Onyx Path Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Jacket_Case=Yellow Jacket Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorn_Treatment_and_Housing=Acorn Treatment and Housing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poole's_Pies=Poole's Pies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchlar=Merchlar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfort_Instrument_Company=Belfort Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madfinger_Games=Madfinger Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Bridge_Home_Entertainment=Echo Bridge Home Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RazorThreat=RazorThreat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triggerfish_Animation_Studios=Triggerfish Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klauser_Schuhe=Klauser Schuhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logicworks=Logicworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirala_Sweets=Nirala Sweets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynapac=Dynapac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysore_Cements_Limited=Mysore Cements Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julabo_Labortechnik=Julabo Labortechnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungleboys=Jungleboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cache_IQ=Cache IQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanati_Clothing_Company=Kanati Clothing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flightfox=Flightfox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaktoit=Speaktoit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MicroVentures=MicroVentures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carver_Savings_and_Loan_Association=Carver Savings and Loan Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazy_8_Studios=Lazy 8 Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motors_Tohoku=Toyota Motors Tohoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13CABS=13CABS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConDrain=ConDrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pxmart=Pxmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tvinci=Tvinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Dewar=Bell Dewar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Herbert_Tailors=Henry Herbert Tailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impax_Asset_Management_Group=Impax Asset Management Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donohue_Inc.=Donohue Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Shipping_&_Trading_Company=United Shipping & Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Title_Source=Title Source
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zepter_International=Zepter International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont_Steel_Fabricators=Clermont Steel Fabricators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coes_Wrench_Company=Coes Wrench Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_England_Compounding_Center=New England Compounding Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techedge_Radio=Techedge Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyts_Kiosk=Hoyts Kiosk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls_(restaurant_chain)=Rolls (restaurant chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booker_Software=Booker Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vetro_Energy=Vetro Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Patterson_Shipbuilders=William Patterson Shipbuilders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exis_Interactive=Exis Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMT_Development=TMT Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White's_Boots=White's Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains_and_Rivers_Order=Mountains and Rivers Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wow!_Momo=Wow! Momo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediaquest_Corporation=Mediaquest Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaykabar_Company=Zaykabar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abundance_Generation=Abundance Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagon_International=Dagon International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Sogo=Hotel Sogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neemic=Neemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lardini=Lardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IP_Systems=IP Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TYO_Animations=TYO Animations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto_Networks=Palo Alto Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsubishi_Electric_Research_Laboratories=Mitsubishi Electric Research Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PicMonkey=PicMonkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daydream_Software=Daydream Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birra_Menaresta=Birra Menaresta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyntec=Tyntec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fintage_House=Fintage House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavod_Slantsy=Zavod Slantsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasoon_Animation=Vasoon Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anger_Room=Anger Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wridgways=Wridgways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CommVault_Systems=CommVault Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cormorant_Books=Cormorant Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meat_Corporation_of_Namibia=Meat Corporation of Namibia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RjDj=RjDj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Nadu_Arasu_Cable_TV_Corporation_Limited=Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Ports_Corporation=Sydney Ports Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Fantana=La Fantana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NobelTel=NobelTel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isuzu_Astra_Motor_Indonesia=Isuzu Astra Motor Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benecke-Kaliko=Benecke-Kaliko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barco_Silex=Barco Silex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventana_Medical_Systems=Ventana Medical Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ag-Chem_Equipment=Ag-Chem Equipment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioSphere_Plastic=BioSphere Plastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volkert,_Inc.=Volkert, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risk_Capital_Partners=Risk Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oaklandish=Oaklandish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Group=HMS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infobip=Infobip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insight_Films=Insight Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isuzu_Philippines=Isuzu Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Automobile_Group_Bus=Guangzhou Automobile Group Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SML_Isuzu=SML Isuzu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datalogics=Datalogics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farfetch=Farfetch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunnies_By_The_Bay=Bunnies By The Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Recruitment_Control_Board=Railway Recruitment Control Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivanta_By_Taj=Vivanta By Taj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studyhall=Studyhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code42=Code42
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achronix=Achronix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seydel_Companies,_Inc.=The Seydel Companies, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhilway_private_capital_market=Exhilway private capital market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Film_Farm_India=Film Farm India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowecord_Engineering=Rowecord Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leningradslanets=Leningradslanets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lump_of_Sugar=Lump of Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_and_Son=Philip and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CopperEgg=CopperEgg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SendGrid=SendGrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reallusion=Reallusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Corporation=Lowell Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobiles_Rally=Automobiles Rally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Men's_Shed_Association=Australian Men's Shed Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_Systems=Transit Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealchecker=Dealchecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Connect=Virgin Connect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viewster=Viewster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Digital_Help=Virgin Digital Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Energy=Virgin Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Gaming=Virgin Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_HealthMiles=Virgin HealthMiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Holidays_Cruises=Virgin Holidays Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Life_Care=Virgin Life Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Trains_ExpressCoach=Virgin Trains ExpressCoach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile_Chile=Virgin Mobile Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limbic_Software=Limbic Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monde_Nissin_Corporation=Monde Nissin Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Deuce=Six Deuce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Monorail_Corporation=Kerala Monorail Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia_Cement_Corporation=Liberia Cement Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_CHESS_(Computer_Hardware_Enterprise_Software_and_Solutions)=Army CHESS (Computer Hardware Enterprise Software and Solutions)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blimpy_Burger=Blimpy Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamsoft=Dynamsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong_Shunmugam=Ong Shunmugam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lender_Processing_Services=Lender Processing Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiak_Media=Zodiak Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeyedIn_Solutions=KeyedIn Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai_Ping_Carpets=Tai Ping Carpets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayve=Fayve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popmoney=Popmoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivi.ru=Ivi.ru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinook_Sciences=Chinook Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Rail_Group=Virgin Rail Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapurna_Pictures=Annapurna Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Lopez_Collection=Jennifer Lopez Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madras_Fertilizers=Madras Fertilizers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marc_Anthony_Collection=Marc Anthony Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fertilizer_Corporation_of_India=Fertilizer Corporation of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_Contract_Manufacturing=Boots Contract Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilian_Aircraft_Company=Civilian Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_dashboard=Money dashboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbid=Symbid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gale_Technologies=Gale Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RFM_Corporation=RFM Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISOTX=ISOTX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alenia_Aermacchi=Alenia Aermacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagtoon=Zagtoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falconar_Avia=Falconar Avia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_+_Epp=Fast + Epp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primrose_Schools=Primrose Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educational_Consultants_India=Educational Consultants India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Manufacture_Cogolin=La Manufacture Cogolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranik_Ultimate_Fighting_Federation=Ranik Ultimate Fighting Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manpacks=Manpacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barr_Britvic_Soft_Drinks=Barr Britvic Soft Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_banks=Johnson banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sembcorp_Bournemouth_Water=Sembcorp Bournemouth Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Islands_Occupation_Society=Channel Islands Occupation Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Gliding_Club=Oxford Gliding Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Cable=Global Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softengi=Softengi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolate_Shoppe_Ice_Cream_Company=Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verkehrsbetriebe_Biel/Transports_publics_biennois=Verkehrsbetriebe Biel/Transports publics biennois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Island_Productions=Tiny Island Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extron_Electronics=Extron Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intarcia_Therapeutics=Intarcia Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epion=Epion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transports_publics_Vevey-Montreux-Chillon-Villeneuve=Transports publics Vevey-Montreux-Chillon-Villeneuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_RO_Systems=Kent RO Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Su-kam_Power_Systems=Su-kam Power Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bio_Products_Laboratory=Bio Products Laboratory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Sustainable_Building=Broad Sustainable Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Association_for_Special_Educational_Needs=National Association for Special Educational Needs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sam_Loyd_Company=The Sam Loyd Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidentcrowd=Confidentcrowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AbbVie=AbbVie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homes.com=Homes.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Valley_(amusement_parks)=Happy Valley (amusement parks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamRift=DreamRift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medivation=Medivation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MELA_Sciences=MELA Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-Up_Chile=Start-Up Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZeniMax_Europe=ZeniMax Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tequila_Herradura=Tequila Herradura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Thanthi_Group=Daily Thanthi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuqi_International=Fuqi International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_National_Productions=California National Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SDV_International_Logistics=SDV International Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DW_Sports_Fitness=DW Sports Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expert_Choice=Expert Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Film_Unit=Children's Film Unit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intetics=Intetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEOCO=TEOCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homegrown_Video=Homegrown Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FastSpring=FastSpring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mueller_Co.=Mueller Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Safety=Capital Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Vegas_Railway_Express=Las Vegas Railway Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeguards_Without_Borders=Lifeguards Without Borders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RainGlobes=RainGlobes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brondi=Brondi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DarXabre=DarXabre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Five_Software=Big Five Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Entertainment=Panda Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Brothers_Pizza=Hunt Brothers Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordcurrent=Nordcurrent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus_Investment_Promotion_Agency=Cyprus Investment Promotion Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiltl_Restaurant=Hiltl Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institutional_Investor_Advisory_Services=Institutional Investor Advisory Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Independent_Social_Research=Centre for Independent Social Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aman_Futures_Group=Aman Futures Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIE_NEFTEHIM=SIE NEFTEHIM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AncientFaces=AncientFaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigilant_Applications=Vigilant Applications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Group=Preston Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorus_Limited=Chorus Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmers'_Mutual_Group=Farmers' Mutual Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vision_Factory=The Vision Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyulaj_Hunting_Hungary=Gyulaj Hunting Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimber_(airline)=Cimber (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Kern_Manufacture_d'Orgues=Daniel Kern Manufacture d'Orgues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Nadel_International=Jack Nadel International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mlekara_Subotica=Mlekara Subotica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamfone=Salamfone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habeco=Habeco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabeco_Brewery=Sabeco Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Republic_Brewing_Company=Bear Republic Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FundedByMe=FundedByMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figleaves=Figleaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwick_Associates=Derwick Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libre_Clothing=Libre Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LOS_AS=LOS AS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerprise_Software=Innerprise Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paperless_Post=Paperless Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercier_Press=Mercier Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Parlor_Records=Red Parlor Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juwai.com=Juwai.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Buildings_Construction_Corporation_Limited=National Buildings Construction Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GlobalWebIndex=GlobalWebIndex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saffron_Brand_Consultants=Saffron Brand Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_Films=Luck Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebris=Algebris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hospital_Insurance_Fund=National Hospital Insurance Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varigence=Varigence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth's_Own_Food_Company=Earth's Own Food Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_by_Gene=Gene by Gene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimperium=Zimperium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerohive_Networks=Aerohive Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Til_Dusk=Dawn Til Dusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVDVideoSoft=DVDVideoSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_Cahaya=Lima Cahaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Street_Films=Pearl Street Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henkell_&_Co._Sektkellerei=Henkell & Co. Sektkellerei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pepephone=Pepephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddy_Waters_Research=Muddy Waters Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybox_Imaging=Skybox Imaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Waters_Hotel=Blue Waters Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_&_Cooper=Lewis & Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria-Jungfrau_Collection_AG=Victoria-Jungfrau Collection AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IntelliQuote_Insurance_Services=IntelliQuote Insurance Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Simple=Bath Simple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShopKeep_POS=ShopKeep POS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puregold=Puregold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinand_Steck_Maschinenfabrik=Ferdinand Steck Maschinenfabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeocoreGames=NeocoreGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simms_Fishing_Products=Simms Fishing Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecobee=Ecobee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yext=Yext
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BufferBox=BufferBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquatica_(water_parks)=Aquatica (water parks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veuve_Perrin=Veuve Perrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exki=Exki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Fauchier=Joseph Fauchier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_Robert=Gaspard Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimac_Automobili=Rimac Automobili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fozzy_Group=Fozzy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philidas=Philidas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aden_Services=Aden Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevcon=Sevcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berita_Film_Indonesia=Berita Film Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninefold=Ninefold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._Eicoff_&_Company=A. Eicoff & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Pub_Company=Spirit Pub Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavilion_(London_restaurant,_bar_and_members_club)=Pavilion (London restaurant, bar and members club)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikawaya=Mikawaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21st_Century_Fox=21st Century Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assorted_Nuts_Animation_Studios=Assorted Nuts Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shea_Properties=Shea Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMarketer=EMarketer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belber=Belber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Spike_Company=Golden Spike Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chassis_Plans=Chassis Plans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizart_Animation=Wizart Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Petroleum=Spirit Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APPH=APPH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pets_Corner=Pets Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EZTABLE=EZTABLE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anurag_Kashyap_Films=Anurag Kashyap Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Operator=The People's Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICOM_Tele_A/S=ICOM Tele A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSPACE_GmbH=DSPACE GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ff_Venture_Capital=Ff Venture Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumber_Liquidators=Lumber Liquidators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DVS_Shoes=DVS Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FTR_Moto=FTR Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparx_Systems=Sparx Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DriveNow=DriveNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Public_Real_Estate_Association=European Public Real Estate Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_Cafe=The House Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_Force=Cage Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purch=Purch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_Films=Gateway Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Holdings=Enterprise Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schufa=Schufa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_Commander=Duck Commander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RidePal=RidePal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allwinner_Technology=Allwinner Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadmon_Corporation=Kadmon Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_Prints_Limited=Hammer Prints Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal_State_Unitary_Enterprise_Experimental_Factory_of_Scientific_Engineering_Russian_Academy_of_Sciences=Federal State Unitary Enterprise Experimental Factory of Scientific Engineering Russian Academy of Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continental_Aircraft_Corporation=Continental Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_(brand)=Warriors (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silesian_Railways=Silesian Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voodoo_Highway_Music_&_Post_Inc.=Voodoo Highway Music & Post Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WisdomTree_Investments=WisdomTree Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animation_studios_owned_by_The_Walt_Disney_Company=Animation studios owned by The Walt Disney Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emagine=Emagine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misr_Spinning_and_Weaving_Company=Misr Spinning and Weaving Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Aeroplane_Company=Christmas Aeroplane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Bread=Canada Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakrie_Group=Bakrie Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohmann_(company)=Lohmann (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarfilm=Scarfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Motorsports_Council=Chicago Motorsports Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astra_Bus=Astra Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galway_Bay_Steamboat_Company=Galway Bay Steamboat Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meatheads_Burgers_&_Fries=Meatheads Burgers & Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruden_BV=Cruden BV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadcasting_Press_Guild=Broadcasting Press Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rytec_Corporation=Rytec Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trivone=Trivone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&I_Eurotrans_XXI=C&I Eurotrans XXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meritas_(education)=Meritas (education)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dotloop=Dotloop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinoton=Kinoton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinclairs_Hotels_Limited=Sinclairs Hotels Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_Industries=Mohawk Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MKG_Group=MKG Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman_Fisheries=Oman Fisheries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlemores_Saddles=Middlemores Saddles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HealthCap=HealthCap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolls_House_Emporium=Dolls House Emporium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Film=Citizen Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clyde_Shipping_Company=Clyde Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bespoke_Collection=Bespoke Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventfinda=Eventfinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bi-Rite_Market=Bi-Rite Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASA_Productions_and_Enterprises=ASA Productions and Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRUCT=FRUCT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NBC_Bearings=NBC Bearings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzbassrazrezugol=Kuzbassrazrezugol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spring_Foods=Silver Spring Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantra_(Kolkata)=Tantra (Kolkata)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&P_Family_Mart=A&P Family Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GU_Energy_Labs=GU Energy Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanvolt=Oceanvolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afton_Chemical=Afton Chemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dade2=Dade2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Pictures=Rocky Mountain Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leavitt_Corporation=The Leavitt Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AfriMobile=AfriMobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokkaido_Chuo_Bus=Hokkaido Chuo Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picatic=Picatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Gate_Brewery_Co=Ashton Gate Brewery Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux-Development=Lux-Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellular_Abroad=Cellular Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AerCap=AerCap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLY_Leasing=FLY Leasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterey_Market=Monterey Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ex_Libris_Group=Ex Libris Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Island_Productions=Shark Island Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Eastern_Electric_Power_Corporation_Limited=North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASCII_Group=ASCII Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outbrain=Outbrain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IWanTV!=IWanTV!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bao_Viet_Holdings=Bao Viet Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansell=Ansell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PetroVietnam_Insurance=PetroVietnam Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proximedia_Group=Proximedia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weidemann_GmbH=Weidemann GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bharat_Oman_Refinery_Limited=Bharat Oman Refinery Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helvetia_Insurance=Helvetia Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiver_Productions=Shiver Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DITTO=DITTO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alent=Alent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribute_Games=Tribute Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nielsen_Norman_Group=Nielsen Norman Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartTrade_Technologies=SmartTrade Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Maritime=Global Maritime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choppies=Choppies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumpia=Trumpia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-Thru_Ruler=C-Thru Ruler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexor=Nexor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropistas=Metropistas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namecheap=Namecheap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThriftyComputer=ThriftyComputer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Oil=Dragon Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_Group=Grafton Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Produce=Total Produce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyalukkas=Joyalukkas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Medical_Supplies_Agency=Kenya Medical Supplies Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ressence=Ressence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masternaut=Masternaut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazi_Farms_Group=Kazi Farms Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otobi=Otobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamuna_Group=Jamuna Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghna_Group_of_Industries=Meghna Group of Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Group_(Bangladesh)=Orion Group (Bangladesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasir_Group=Nasir Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partex_Group=Partex Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightbank=Lightbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rangs_Group=Rangs Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marginal_Revolution_University=Marginal Revolution University
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Oil_Sands=Horizon Oil Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnebo_Security_Group=Gunnebo Security Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lite-Trac=Lite-Trac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litex_Motors=Litex Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowToon=PowToon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Credant_Technologies=Credant Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fred_&_Farid_Group=Fred & Farid Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watkins-Johnson_Company=Watkins-Johnson Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viridian_Green_Laser_Sights=Viridian Green Laser Sights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The7stars=The7stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Worth=Bon Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Diabetes_Council=Australian Diabetes Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D-Sight=D-Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutan_News_Service=Bhutan News Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosaic_Inc.=Mosaic Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Engineers_Association=Agricultural Engineers Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Wings=US Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_City_Airways=Brighton City Airways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aackosoft=Aackosoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asigra=Asigra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grassroot_Entertainment=Grassroot Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typesafe_Inc.=Typesafe Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_(fashion_brand)=Joseph (fashion brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charity_Engine=Charity Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kessel_Food_Markets=Kessel Food Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Electric_Insurance_Limited=Nuclear Electric Insurance Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamady_Brothers=Hamady Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Stores=Yankee Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_Fan_Company=Casablanca Fan Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toca_Boca=Toca Boca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherie_Amie=Cherie Amie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indus_Sonica=Indus Sonica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmetto_Pass=Palmetto Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtustream=Virtustream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nello_L._Teer_Company=Nello L. Teer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromium=Bromium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Fairground=Virtual Fairground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burness_Paull=Burness Paull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Candy_Fitness=Hard Candy Fitness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_International_Airport_Corporation=Clark International Airport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softlab=Softlab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concord_Group=Concord Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meghna_Group=Meghna Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Chemical_Industries_(ACI)=Advanced Chemical Industries (ACI)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha-meem_Group=Ha-meem Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Group_of_Industries=Paradise Group of Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe_Janakantha_Shilpa_Paribar=Globe Janakantha Shilpa Paribar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Group=City Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Institute_for_Advancement_of_Technology=Korea Institute for Advancement of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Ice_&_Farm_Co.=Florida Ice & Farm Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radarsoft=Radarsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_Processing_Solutions=Speech Processing Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eesti_Ajalehed=Eesti Ajalehed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_Wrestling=Progress Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Small_Industries_Corporation=National Small Industries Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_on_Fire_(company)=Hearts on Fire (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_BioTechnology_Research_Park=Virginia BioTechnology Research Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Applications_International_Corporation=Science Applications International Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppenrath_&_Wiese=Coppenrath & Wiese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torbit=Torbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartier_Wind_Energy=Cartier Wind Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murse_World=Murse World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EHealthMe=EHealthMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euroinvestor=Euroinvestor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Energy_Group=Frontier Energy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alltech=Alltech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citywing=Citywing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elio_Motors=Elio Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheFormTool=TheFormTool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isetann_Department_Store=Isetann Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Teweles_Seed_Co.=L. Teweles Seed Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlaySpan=PlaySpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_ingredient=Vital ingredient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnamobile=Vietnamobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Support_Services=Computer Support Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Iron_Works_(St._Louis)=Union Iron Works (St. Louis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmigo=Farmigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/140_Proof=140 Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TradeCard=TradeCard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refune_Music=Refune Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severud_Associates=Severud Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Park_Centre=The Park Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobileye=Mobileye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerospike_(company)=Aerospike (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leewards=Leewards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azrieli_Group=Azrieli Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VOLI=VOLI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Energy_Collective=Clean Energy Collective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelstart=Travelstart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power-Packer=Power-Packer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Group=Buckingham Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Model_Dockyard_(company)=Model Dockyard (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolrich=Woolrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Varvatos_(company)=John Varvatos (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald_Eve=Gerald Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/888poker=888poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abidjan_Transport_Company=Abidjan Transport Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyper_Hippo_Games=Hyper Hippo Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Rebel=Code Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_Gotesco_Malls=Ever Gotesco Malls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foday=Foday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Travel=Liberty Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensboro_Corporation=Queensboro Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunlong_Bus=Sunlong Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyachi_America=Miyachi America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudan_Auto=Mudan Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billionfold_Inc.=Billionfold Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudo_Honke=Sudo Honke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tauro_Sport_Auto=Tauro Sport Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_View_Farm=Field View Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milgram_&_Company_Ltd.=Milgram & Company Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuzhoulong=Wuzhoulong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heenan_&_Froude=Heenan & Froude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spice_Global=Spice Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapierre_Bikes=Lapierre Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JNS.org=JNS.org
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RaykGlobal=RaykGlobal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bin_Quraya=Bin Quraya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadspace=Leadspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsphere_(software_company)=Microsphere (software company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greentree_Business_Software=Greentree Business Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sust-it=Sust-it
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bufo_(company)=Bufo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeTV_(Belgium)=BeTV (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainsway=Brainsway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Rapids_Corporation=Digital Rapids Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrew_Christian=Andrew Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miran_Pastourma=Miran Pastourma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2GO=2GO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etude_House=Etude House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juutila_Foundry=Juutila Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundrya_Production=Soundrya Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jardine_Matheson=Jardine Matheson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majesco_Entertainment=Majesco Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chery_Jaguar_Land_Rover=Chery Jaguar Land Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Africa_Commodities_&_Minerals_Limited=Star Africa Commodities & Minerals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nextiva=Nextiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadence_Biomedical=Cadence Biomedical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netd.com=Netd.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essentra_Packaging=Essentra Packaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcastle_&_Richards=Hardcastle & Richards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survation=Survation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend_Radio_Group=Bend Radio Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miltenyi_Biotec=Miltenyi Biotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francophonie_Diffusion=Francophonie Diffusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portnews=Portnews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katya_Katya_Shehurina=Katya Katya Shehurina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawbridge_(company)=Drawbridge (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW_Jie_Fang=FAW Jie Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW_Bus_and_Coach=FAW Bus and Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dischan_Media=Dischan Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junee_Railway_Workshop=Junee Railway Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propeller_Venture_Accelerator=Propeller Venture Accelerator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapella_Audio_Arts=Acapella Audio Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platige_Image=Platige Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackbox_Games=Jackbox Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_Games=Panther Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadtrippers=Roadtrippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Tusk_Studios=Black Tusk Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yilida=Yilida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Gold_&_Commodities_Exchange=Dubai Gold & Commodities Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UrbanPromise=UrbanPromise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Bus_Software=Bubble Bus Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaston=Plaston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAW-GM=FAW-GM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontiflex=Pontiflex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seculert=Seculert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/290_Square_Meters=290 Square Meters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Creek_Investment_Management_Inc.=Black Creek Investment Management Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banca_Carige=Banca Carige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico_(construction_company)=Chico (construction company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dupont_Viscoloid_Company=Dupont Viscoloid Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenBytes=GreenBytes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonham_Strand_(tailor)=Bonham Strand (tailor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porsche_India=Porsche India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorgente_Group=Sorgente Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglian_Home_Improvements=Anglian Home Improvements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatsun_Agro_Product=Hatsun Agro Product
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oklahoma_Atheists=Oklahoma Atheists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LockPath=LockPath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atavist=Atavist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandsintown=Bandsintown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qcue=Qcue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vega_Telecom=Vega Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantui=Shantui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Electric_Glass=Nippon Electric Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seahorse_Bioscience=Seahorse Bioscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sukarne=Sukarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bync=Bync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanbar_Entertainment=Kanbar Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Add_on_Gyan_Educational_Services=Add on Gyan Educational Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLPowers=SLPowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlazeMeter=BlazeMeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vygon_(UK)=Vygon (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gap_Inc.=Gap Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EM_Microelectronic-Marin=EM Microelectronic-Marin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_(restaurant)=Cosmo (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONroute=ONroute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_Music=Bravo Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Music=Brain Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Pneumatic=Chicago Pneumatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savoir_Beds=Savoir Beds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SwellPath=SwellPath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonet_Group=Autonet Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deseret_Telegraph_Company=Deseret Telegraph Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Relay=Global Relay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Special_Bookstore=Midnight Special Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Rail_Leasing=Consolidated Rail Leasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LANCK_Telecom=LANCK Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radici_Group=Radici Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Business_Systems=International Business Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Logistics=Target Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyscout=Wyscout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Brewing_and_Distilling_Company=Lexington Brewing and Distilling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Space_Industries=Deep Space Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunnan_People's_Publishing_House=Yunnan People's Publishing House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolon_(company)=Bolon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharfedale_Technologies=Wharfedale Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPICA_Group=SPICA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barker's_Farm=Barker's Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainsworths=Ainsworths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Living=Silver Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RainStor=RainStor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semifreddi's_Bakery=Semifreddi's Bakery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sendmail,_Inc.=Sendmail, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calltrunk=Calltrunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedelta_Structural_Engineers=Pedelta Structural Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PropertyRoom.com=PropertyRoom.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TechWadi=TechWadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Publishing_Group=CITIC Publishing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Marchi_(clothing)=De Marchi (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucid_Games=Lucid Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prandina=Prandina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livesey,_Hargreaves_and_Company=Livesey, Hargreaves and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_Yangtse=Dongfeng Yangtse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaxing_Coach=Yaxing Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise5=Raise5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changzhou_Changjiang_Bus=Changzhou Changjiang Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draken_International=Draken International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Portfolio_Family_of_Funds=Permanent Portfolio Family of Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taulia=Taulia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedgebrook_(company)=Hedgebrook (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_(company)=Panther (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muthoot_Finance_Ltd=Muthoot Finance Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fennada-Filmi=Fennada-Filmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cross_and_Blue_Shield_of_Kansas_City=Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towa_Chiki=Towa Chiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STYLEPIT=STYLEPIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex_and_Suffolk_Water=Essex and Suffolk Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.H._Thomson=L.H. Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenrus_Restaurant_Group=Wenrus Restaurant Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_Defense_Industry_(company)=Ukrainian Defense Industry (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Zannier=Groupe Zannier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspecsys=Perspecsys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yema_Auto=Yema Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asante_Africa_Foundation=Asante Africa Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurleigh_Investment_Managers=Thurleigh Investment Managers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peroni_S.p.A.=Peroni S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaren=Anaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Group=Ghost Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MP_BHRT=MP BHRT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pactera=Pactera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XS_International=XS International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayun_Group=Dayun Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuling_Motors=Wuling Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sino-Spanish_Association_for_Energy_and_Sustainability=Sino-Spanish Association for Energy and Sustainability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aura_Sonic=Aura Sonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fujian_Motors_Group=Fujian Motors Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covario=Covario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.B._Marine_S.C.=J.B. Marine S.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YuMe=YuMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicycle_Technologies_International=Bicycle Technologies International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Safety_Products=International Safety Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ametek=Ametek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gresso_(company)=Gresso (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenstar_Community=Tenstar Community
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comm100=Comm100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greentrains=Greentrains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graymatics=Graymatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pole_Carbon=South Pole Carbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copart=Copart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid's=Reid's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shunra=Shunra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Morgan=Omega Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMahan's_Furniture=McMahan's Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thailand_VS_Challenger_Series=Thailand VS Challenger Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamwave_Productions=Dreamwave Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engenco=Engenco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genie_Industries=Genie Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenno-Filmi=Fenno-Filmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Storm_Online,_Inc.=Digital Storm Online, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitome_Music_Library=Epitome Music Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Filmi=Adams Filmi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheba_Hut=Cheba Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumiq_Studios=Lumiq Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RRT_Global=RRT Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_DO-IT_Center=The DO-IT Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostery,_Inc.=Ghostery, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FilmNation_Entertainment=FilmNation Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gents_Place=The Gents Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construction_Data_Company=Construction Data Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_House_Pictures=Smoke House Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanxiang=Wanxiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough_Canoe_Company=Peterborough Canoe Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Startups_Group_Berlin_GmbH_&_Co._KGaA=German Startups Group Berlin GmbH & Co. KGaA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Reality_&_Multi_Media_Park=Virtual Reality & Multi Media Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeiBen_Truck=BeiBen Truck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonluck_Bus=Bonluck Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabrica_Nacional_de_Municoes_de_Armas_Ligeiras=Fabrica Nacional de Municoes de Armas Ligeiras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoetis=Zoetis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargento=Sargento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossland_Construction_Company=Crossland Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabet_Energy=Alphabet Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Trading_(company)=Via Trading (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monmouth_Ocean_Hospital_Service_Corporation=Monmouth Ocean Hospital Service Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affectiva=Affectiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandong_Heavy_Industry=Shandong Heavy Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IANSA_(company)=IANSA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HeinrichsWeikamp=HeinrichsWeikamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balzac's_Coffee_Roasters=Balzac's Coffee Roasters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrani_Pearls=Chandrani Pearls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2GO_Group=2GO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IdeaScale=IdeaScale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China-ASEAN_Investment_Cooperation_Fund=China-ASEAN Investment Cooperation Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partridge_Jewellers=Partridge Jewellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZA_Central_Registry=ZA Central Registry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W_Motors=W Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TradeIndia=TradeIndia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gousto=Gousto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-JeS_Entertainment=C-JeS Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CertiVox=CertiVox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monoprice=Monoprice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langcaster_Guitars=Langcaster Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankind_Pharma=Mankind Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifestyle_Stores=Lifestyle Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reebonz=Reebonz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SexyMandarin=SexyMandarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larch_Networks=Larch Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhereverTV=WhereverTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inktank_Storage=Inktank Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technetics_Group=Technetics Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_(Springfield_automobile)=Atlas (Springfield automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_(Pittsburgh_automobile)=Atlas (Pittsburgh automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReStockIt=ReStockIt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SingleHop=SingleHop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venafi=Venafi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Rising=Extreme Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Cartridge_Company=United States Cartridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_Express=SF Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TangaReef=TangaReef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CellNetix=CellNetix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakura_Hotel=Sakura Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reyna_Films=Reyna Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAMECA=CAMECA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_Media=Mondo Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueBeat_Music=BlueBeat Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandywine_Asset_Management=Brandywine Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guidance_Residential=Guidance Residential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Expedition_Vehicles=American Expedition Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storage_Made_Easy=Storage Made Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koestlin=Koestlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DBV_Technologies=DBV Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergburger=Fergburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CitizenM=CitizenM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastlink_Wireless=Eastlink Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zola_Books=Zola Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thema_International_Fund=Thema International Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapian=Arapian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wati_B=Wati B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingate_Management=Kingate Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Health_Tech=Johnson Health Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_Dunbar=Moody Dunbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GTA_Motor=GTA Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascot_Partners=Ascot Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_UP_Productions=Big UP Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TopTenWholesale=TopTenWholesale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WINGcon=WINGcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companisto=Companisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Robots=Universal Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceway_Pharmaceuticals=Graceway Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inteva_Products=Inteva Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Analytics=Guardian Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_International_Advisors=Access International Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glidden_(paints)=Glidden (paints)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScholarChip_(company)=ScholarChip (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremont_Group=Tremont Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synergyst_Research=Synergyst Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Circle_(software)=Silent Circle (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A._F._Theriault_Shipyard=A. F. Theriault Shipyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Trade_Office_Group=International Trade Office Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Interest_Media=Active Interest Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeraView=TeraView
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mag+=Mag+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_League_Productions=Major League Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seavus_(company)=Seavus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silca_S.p.A.=Silca S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IKN_GmbH=IKN GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3G_Capital=3G Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lattice_Engines=Lattice Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Airlines_Group=American Airlines Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PikPok=PikPok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Central=Weather Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PKC_Group=PKC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IdentiGEN=IdentiGEN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gage_Roads_Brewing_Company=Gage Roads Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinkerforge=Tinkerforge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hytera=Hytera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aloe_Private_Equity=Aloe Private Equity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stemcell_Technologies=Stemcell Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MoviePass=MoviePass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quixey=Quixey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videntifier=Videntifier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11_bit_studios=11 bit studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telekom_Slovenije=Telekom Slovenije
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gemco_Rail=Gemco Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Postal_Service=Army Postal Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peckham_Technology_Inc=Peckham Technology Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bracco_(company)=Bracco (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speakit_Films=Speakit Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoRacks=NanoRacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T24_Mobile=T24 Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madras_Railway=Madras Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asendia=Asendia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandiant=Mandiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeeVolution=SeeVolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Freight=American Freight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famigo=Famigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill3rCombo=Kill3rCombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DW_Practice=DW Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imtech=Imtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citiservi=Citiservi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teka=Teka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axminster_Carpets=Axminster Carpets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worksoft=Worksoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton_Software=Newton Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_and_Air_Force_Motion_Picture_Service=Army and Air Force Motion Picture Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_American_Foods=Basic American Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IMC_Global=IMC Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurelia_Finance=Aurelia Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooch_Behar_State_Railway=Cooch Behar State Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IB5k=IB5k
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeighborCity=NeighborCity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowds_on_Demand=Crowds on Demand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magna_American=Magna American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMC_Productions=VMC Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adika=Adika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Policy_Group=Prime Policy Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_Capital=Iris Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni_Baggage=Uni Baggage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Wins=Royal Wins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NH_Media=NH Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Pastry_Shop=Wyoming Pastry Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melesta_Games=Melesta Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby.com.br=Baby.com.br
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAKO_Surgical_Corp.=MAKO Surgical Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexyz._Corporation=Nexyz. Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HPI_Groupe=HPI Groupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Electricity_Supply_Utility_of_Odisha=Central Electricity Supply Utility of Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright.com=Bright.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Merchant_Navy=Pakistan Merchant Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valle's_Steak_House=Valle's Steak House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartford_City_Glass_Company=Hartford City Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arka_Media_Works=Arka Media Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_and_communications_technology_in_Kosovo=Information and communications technology in Kosovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterfront_Communications=Waterfront Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preventice=Preventice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sodern=Sodern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewenny_Pottery=Ewenny Pottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand.com=Brand.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeological_Services_Inc.=Archaeological Services Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONErpm=ONErpm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recommind=Recommind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voiceserve=Voiceserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impala_Group_of_Hotels=The Impala Group of Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Givova=Givova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerostar_Airport_Holdings=Aerostar Airport Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agate_Studio=Agate Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JetXtra.com=JetXtra.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magasin_du_Nord=Magasin du Nord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Mocha_Coffee_Company=Crazy Mocha Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_Energy=Linn Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrofert=Agrofert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex_(ISP)=Vortex (ISP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poll_Everywhere=Poll Everywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingersoll_Machine_Tools=Ingersoll Machine Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starz_Inc.=Starz Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSC_Jinling=CSC Jinling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felda_Global_Ventures_Holdings=Felda Global Ventures Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Centre_Stores=Home Centre Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_Group=Landmark Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-1_Express_Delivery_Service=A-1 Express Delivery Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesea_Insurance=Middlesea Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solana_(automobile)=Solana (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadville_Medical_Center_Foundation=Meadville Medical Center Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largan_Precision=Largan Precision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Sebastiani=I Sebastiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PaR_Systems=PaR Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demax_Medical=Demax Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojiva=Mojiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Partners=Target Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivint_Solar=Vivint Solar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guide_(software_company)=Guide (software company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Brandon_International=Smith Brandon International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Press=Nova Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rlg_Communications=Rlg Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/88_Rue_du_Rhone=88 Rue du Rhone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giochi_Preziosi_(company)=Giochi Preziosi (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_and_Bath_Science_Park=Bristol and Bath Science Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadband_4_Rural_North=Broadband 4 Rural North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Hunt_Weekends=Ghost Hunt Weekends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase2_International_(company)=Phase2 International (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jidong_Cement=Jidong Cement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebuildingsociety.com=Rebuildingsociety.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acapulco_Gold=Acapulco Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sud_Radio_Groupe=Sud Radio Groupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usaha_Tegas=Usaha Tegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_Ju-X=Juno Ju-X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roller_Coaster_Corporation_of_America=Roller Coaster Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Zone=Sky Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L&L_Energy=L&L Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspinal_of_London=Aspinal of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Futures=Oak Futures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grovo=Grovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_City_Brewing_Company=Port City Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Group_Ukraine=Media Group Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_West_Studios=10 West Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nail_Brewing=Nail Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamining=Metamining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermanno_Scervino=Ermanno Scervino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kebab_Turki_Baba_Rafi=Kebab Turki Baba Rafi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assetz_Capital=Assetz Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPI_Cinemas=SPI Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabena_technics=Sabena technics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_News_Service=Army News Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayasdi=Ayasdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott's_-_Bell_47=Scott's - Bell 47
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_(production_company)=The Company (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Jeans_Network=Blue Jeans Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DogVacay=DogVacay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Railway_Infrastructure_Company=National Railway Infrastructure Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupp_Industries=Rupp Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servis_Shoes=Servis Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitus_Impact=Unitus Impact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRAN-RFL_Group=PRAN-RFL Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilt.com=Tilt.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Stephens=Moore Stephens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieselstein-Cord=Kieselstein-Cord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bregal_Sagemount=Bregal Sagemount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamakura_Corporation=Kamakura Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servis_Tyres=Servis Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servis_Industries_Limited=Servis Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rheem=Rheem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dovetail_Games=Dovetail Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amplify_(company)=Amplify (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamil_Steel_Holding=Zamil Steel Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Text_Publishers=Text Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumpf=Trumpf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almazora_Motors_Corporation=Almazora Motors Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fano_Guitars=Fano Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Builders_Guild=Premier Builders Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognician=Cognician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espace_Group=Espace Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISA_Media_Development=ISA Media Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAI_Global=SAI Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Choice_Emergency_Room=First Choice Emergency Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M-Brain=M-Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainstream_Media_(media_group)=Mainstream Media (media group)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sav!_The_World_Productions=Sav! The World Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salam_Investment=Salam Investment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Malaysia_Housing_Programme=1 Malaysia Housing Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedai_Rakyat_1Malaysia=Kedai Rakyat 1Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Yokel_Media=Local Yokel Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NKIA=NKIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarLightMedia=StarLightMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamil_Industrial=Zamil Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahti_Region_Educational_Consortium=Lahti Region Educational Consortium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrite_Oil_Company=Penrite Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prenda_Law=Prenda Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Water_Systems=Anderson Water Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Australian_Business_Council=Hellenic Australian Business Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebula_(company)=Nebula (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overkill_Software=Overkill Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Lancaster_&_Son=J. Lancaster & Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Yards_Wismar=Nordic Yards Wismar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_Social=Speak Social
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hytracc_Consulting=Hytracc Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oysho=Oysho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAO_Central_Allocation_Office=CAO Central Allocation Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SLT_Human_Capital_Solutions=SLT Human Capital Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telemach=Telemach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Mobile_Polska=Virgin Mobile Polska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CDG_Group=CDG Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afrihost=Afrihost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rada_Manufacturing=Rada Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hum_Network_Limited=Hum Network Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuadrilla_Resources=Cuadrilla Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaXware=MaXware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Health=Rock Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weber_Piano_Company=Weber Piano Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bignan_(automobile)=Bignan (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diffbot=Diffbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techzone_56060=Techzone 56060
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Touring_Company=Frontier Touring Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietro's_Pizza=Pietro's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A&G_Management_Consulting=A&G Management Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCR_(restaurant)=SCR (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyScienceWork=MyScienceWork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Space_Systems=Swiss Space Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunzl_Processor_Division=Bunzl Processor Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zotefoams=Zotefoams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muntazah_Oryx_Investments=Muntazah Oryx Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tori_Richard=Tori Richard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_innovation_lab=Harvard innovation lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbir_Race_Cars=Carbir Race Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochin_State_Forest_Tramway=Cochin State Forest Tramway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RiceTec=RiceTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A24_Films=A24 Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haifu=Haifu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrad_Network=Shahrad Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalyst_Repository_Systems_Inc.=Catalyst Repository Systems Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yacht_Club_Games=Yacht Club Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenosa=Fenosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB_Networks=DB Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobinnet=Mobinnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTR_Sports=RTR Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolled_Alloys=Rolled Alloys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohde_&_Schwarz_Federal_Systems=Rohde & Schwarz Federal Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surgical_Care_Affiliates=Surgical Care Affiliates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiptail_(company)=Whiptail (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sod_Solutions=Sod Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhima_Jewellers=Bhima Jewellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYBO_Games=SYBO Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boating_Camping_and_Fishing=Boating Camping and Fishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skills_CFA=Skills CFA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Radio_Network=Midwest Radio Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COPASA=COPASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Television_Network=Hong Kong Television Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaotic_Moon_Studios=Chaotic Moon Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net-a-Porter=Net-a-Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_EPC=Mahindra EPC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addepar=Addepar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabird_Aviation_Australia=Seabird Aviation Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VienneMilano=VienneMilano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeast_Ohio_Regional_Sewer_District=Northeast Ohio Regional Sewer District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INgrooves=INgrooves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsung_Commercial_Vehicles=Samsung Commercial Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proline_Film=Proline Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Byrons=J. Byrons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeni's_Splendid_Ice_Creams=Jeni's Splendid Ice Creams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Digital_Studio=Fox Digital Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelato_Italia=Gelato Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HyTrust=HyTrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vodohod=Vodohod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daegu_Metropolitan_Transit_Corporation=Daegu Metropolitan Transit Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaris_Media=Polaris Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zara_Home=Zara Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALPAO=ALPAO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelco=Pelco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hash_House_a_go_go=Hash House a go go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitarmonk=Guitarmonk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TraceSecurity=TraceSecurity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_institute=The institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltex_Light_Bar_Company=Voltex Light Bar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Concepts=Solid Concepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sentinelle_(Mauritius)=La Sentinelle (Mauritius)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_Yulon=Dongfeng Yulon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Pharmaceuticals=Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camrose_Resources=Camrose Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwood_Robotics=Redwood Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NIIIP=NIIIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Sparrow=Smart Sparrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avianca_Holdings=Avianca Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Rock_Boot_Company=Cobra Rock Boot Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Hirst_Pty_Ltd=Godfrey Hirst Pty Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jopp_Group=Jopp Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxera=Tuxera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthcare_Real_Estate_Capital=Healthcare Real Estate Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weesam_Express=Weesam Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Other=I Am Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_Street_Theatre=B Street Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NewsBlur=NewsBlur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Cristo's=Papa Cristo's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafarge_Tarmac=Lafarge Tarmac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kona_Guitars=Kona Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copenhagen_Bombay=Copenhagen Bombay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CloudBees=CloudBees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Cut_for_Real=Final Cut for Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foreign_Affair_(company)=A Foreign Affair (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnusson_Klemencic_Associates=Magnusson Klemencic Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fridthjof_Film=Fridthjof Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QualPro=QualPro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Association_for_the_Study_of_the_Cuban_Economy=Association for the Study of the Cuban Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RF_Micropower=RF Micropower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIB_Development_&_Consulting=SIB Development & Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industry_of_Machinery_and_Tractors=Industry of Machinery and Tractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giti_Tire=Giti Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Concierge=Music Concierge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherwell_Software=Cherwell Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raidix=Raidix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_Films=Eros Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furla=Furla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegro_Development_Corporation=Allegro Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welsh_Wrestling=Welsh Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hameg=Hameg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiara_Bank=Mutiara Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belga_Rise=Belga Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Smith_Farm=Miles Smith Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna's_Linens=Anna's Linens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantify=Plantify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoulCycle=SoulCycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumension_Security=Lumension Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderful_interactive_storybooks=Wanderful interactive storybooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShaMaran_Petroleum=ShaMaran Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madras_Export_Processing_Zone=Madras Export Processing Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positronic_(company)=Positronic (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp_World_Diamond_Centre=Antwerp World Diamond Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&H_Company=M&H Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzzy_Logix=Fuzzy Logix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Office_Real_Estate_Investment_Trust=Dream Office Real Estate Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_Gibbs_&_Sons=Antony Gibbs & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pace_Development=Pace Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DViant_Films=DViant Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandi_Technologies=Kandi Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rally.org=Rally.org
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigger_(company)=Trigger (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grover_Musical_Products,_Inc.=Grover Musical Products, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TapInfluence=TapInfluence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev.com=Rev.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempus_Nova=Tempus Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Quack_Car_Wash=Quick Quack Car Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEFCAD=DEFCAD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarenza=Sarenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenSignal=OpenSignal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Hand-Roasted_Coffee=Union Hand-Roasted Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISEE_(company)=ISEE (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesquik=Nesquik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Enterprise_Inc.=Smith Enterprise Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodie_Bicycles=Brodie Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissan_Motor_Philippines=Nissan Motor Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightworkers_Media=Lightworkers Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C._Wonder=C. Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_Nation_Sports=Roc Nation Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Ports=Abu Dhabi Ports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Chengxin_Credit_Rating_Group=China Chengxin Credit Rating Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Cross_(South_Korea)=Green Cross (South Korea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crytek_USA=Crytek USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anhui_Heli=Anhui Heli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Telecom_&_Technology=Global Telecom & Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_Lidgate=C Lidgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._J._Wilson_Co.=H. J. Wilson Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versandhaus_Walz=Versandhaus Walz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_LaFrieda_Meat_Purveyors=Pat LaFrieda Meat Purveyors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/759_Store=759 Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appliance_Art,_Inc.=Appliance Art, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North-West_College=North-West College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendale_Career_College=Glendale Career College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_Career_Institute=Nevada Career Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever_(Philippines)=Unilever (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontline_Systems_Australia=Frontline Systems Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Arts_Group=Egyptian Arts Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criterium-Tauscher_Cronacher_Engineers=Criterium-Tauscher Cronacher Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snak_King=Snak King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderu_(company)=Wanderu (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelastic=Jelastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapad=Tapad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diehl_Metall=Diehl Metall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marbais_and_Lasnier=Marbais and Lasnier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kantar_Media_Philippines=Kantar Media Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bupa_Arabia=Bupa Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milagrow=Milagrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up-Front_Group=Up-Front Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Animation_Studios=Universal Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indochinese_Trade_&_Development_Corporation=The Indochinese Trade & Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invision_Agency=Invision Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quake_Global=Quake Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Territories_Human_Rights_Commission=Northwest Territories Human Rights Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_Pharmaceuticals=Sheffield Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NowThis_News=NowThis News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privateer_Holdings=Privateer Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SweetWater_420_Fest=SweetWater 420 Fest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajay_Devgn_FFilms=Ajay Devgn FFilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Lotteries=Kerala State Lotteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_Films=Monsoon Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athlon_Sports_Communications=Athlon Sports Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SFX_Entertainment=SFX Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kizad=Kizad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Tale_Productions_Inc=Tell Tale Productions Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John_Freight_Systems_Ltd=St John Freight Systems Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearwater_Research=Shearwater Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medpace=Medpace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasuben_Pizza=Jasuben Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SODRE=SODRE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fandor_(film_site)=Fandor (film site)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Sports_(retailer)=Marathon Sports (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionian_Ferries=Ionian Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_Brewing_Company=Great Basin Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nodefly=Nodefly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Group=System Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossal_Order_(video_game_developer)=Colossal Order (video game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comodo_SSL=Comodo SSL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggybackr=Piggybackr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungheinrich=Jungheinrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standun=Standun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saaesp=Saaesp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever-Tree=Fever-Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cominco_Resources=Cominco Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportsbet.com.au=Sportsbet.com.au
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaMed=MetaMed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S.E.H_Kelly=S.E.H Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hydrocarbons_Institute=National Hydrocarbons Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axiom_Films=Axiom Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Power_Technologies_Australasia=Ocean Power Technologies Australasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hempel_Group=Hempel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchex=Marchex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnchorFree=AnchorFree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophet_(company)=Prophet (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompanionLink=CompanionLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TD_Tom_Davies=TD Tom Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_CarShare=City CarShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TiLite=TiLite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceres,_Inc.=Ceres, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ribbon_(company)=Ribbon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maregiglio=Maregiglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressed_Metal_Corporation=Pressed Metal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Composhield=Composhield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tictail=Tictail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Society_Management=The Society Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellspring_Worldwide=Wellspring Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Capital_Institute=Human Capital Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Mint_(Denmark)=Royal Mint (Denmark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E&F_Miler_Industries=E&F Miler Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenDaylight_Project=OpenDaylight Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarao_Motors=Sarao Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daily_Grommet=Daily Grommet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemonics=Chemonics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAQO=DAQO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Link_(Russia)=Sky Link (Russia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BHB_CABLE_TV=BHB CABLE TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ELTA-KABEL=ELTA-KABEL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prologis=Prologis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonald's_New_Zealand=McDonald's New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkmenpochta=Turkmenpochta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pressed_Metal_Corporation_South_Australia=Pressed Metal Corporation South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Corporation=Clifford Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disaster_Kleenup_International=Disaster Kleenup International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon's=Lyon's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansair=Ansair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakab_Industries=Jakab Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaaz_Multimedia=Jaaz Multimedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Autobus=Australian Autobus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMC_Controls=KMC Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernafon=Bernafon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palisades_Hudson_Financial_Group=Palisades Hudson Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachtleben_Chemie=Sachtleben Chemie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRU-SPEC=TRU-SPEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettery_Inc.=Bettery Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Weekly_Group=Travel Weekly Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SI_Organization=The SI Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kromtech_Alliance=Kromtech Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint_&_Neill=Flint & Neill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Container_Company=National Container Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimagi=Dimagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona_Capital=Iona Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unpakt=Unpakt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federal's=Federal's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigo_Energy=Tigo Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PriceSmart_Foods=PriceSmart Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nodejitsu=Nodejitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxoffice_International_Pictures=Boxoffice International Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puma_Energy=Puma Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Econocom=Econocom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PC_Jeweller=PC Jeweller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandera=Wandera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-cite_by_Alghanim_Electronics=X-cite by Alghanim Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flughafen_Berlin_Brandenburg_GmbH=Flughafen Berlin Brandenburg GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glassdoor=Glassdoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AnastasiaDate=AnastasiaDate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Brands=Beauty Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASSIA_(company)=ASSIA (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShopClues=ShopClues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach_Design=Coach Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queensland_Coach_Company=Queensland Coach Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transgene_SA=Transgene SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_B_Denning=Alan B Denning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MapleCore_Ltd.=MapleCore Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CamperMate=CamperMate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northcoast_Bus_&_Coach=Northcoast Bus & Coach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&D_Coachworks=P&D Coachworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MotorCoach_Australia=MotorCoach Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BoConcept=BoConcept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills-Tui=Mills-Tui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_Color=Life in Color
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denning_Manufacturing=Denning Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smithfield_Bus_&_Coach_Works=Smithfield Bus & Coach Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEEUTechPark=SEEUTechPark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loesche_GmbH=Loesche GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRUSTID=TRUSTID
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Pillow=My Pillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avis_Southern_Africa=Avis Southern Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Tide=Southern Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CureVac=CureVac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IAG_Cargo=IAG Cargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altra_Zero_Drop_Footwear=Altra Zero Drop Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motor_Body_Specialists=Motor Body Specialists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Innovation_Center=Cambridge Innovation Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Coach_Builders=Express Coach Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_(bus_manufacturer)=Superior (bus manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lugcentrokuz=Lugcentrokuz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cenveo=Cenveo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denning_(bus_manufacturer)=Denning (bus manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acqua_Minerale_San_Benedetto=Acqua Minerale San Benedetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austral_(bus_manufacturer)=Austral (bus manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siberian_Business_Union=Siberian Business Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_foundation=Cobra foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Night_Brewing=Monday Night Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CATY=CATY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adcor_Defense=Adcor Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Construction_Group=Shanghai Construction Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veritone_Minimum_Phase_Speakers=Veritone Minimum Phase Speakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horatio_Investments=Horatio Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashed_Software=Unleashed Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TerraGo=TerraGo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grupo_Cartes=Grupo Cartes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Fidelity_Inc=High Fidelity Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_Group=Control Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_Racing_Company=Arena Racing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imarda=Imarda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuzio=Thuzio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Jones=Sleepy Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordic_Choice_Hotels=Nordic Choice Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEPCO=SEPCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Katie_Did_(company)=What Katie Did (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zastava_special_cars=Zastava special cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Pacific_Touring=Australian Pacific Touring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vista_Caballo=Vista Caballo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MokiMobility=MokiMobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IStabilizer=IStabilizer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Developments_International=Industrial Developments International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rack_Room_Shoes=Rack Room Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumming_Corporation=Cumming Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GM_Powertrain_Poland=GM Powertrain Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zircotec=Zircotec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphony_Technology_Group=Symphony Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentec_International=Gentec International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DCR_Workforce=DCR Workforce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omax_Corporation=Omax Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BetterCloud=BetterCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jet's_Pizza=Jet's Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STIC_Investments=STIC Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Canada=Siemens Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_Up=Speed Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xait=Xait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medochemie=Medochemie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransLattice=TransLattice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacking_Health=Hacking Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Superstores=Highland Superstores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anhui_Foreign_Economic_Construction_Group=Anhui Foreign Economic Construction Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Industrial_Defence_Solutions=Global Industrial Defence Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversocial=Conversocial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OctoArts_Films=OctoArts Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HiSilicon=HiSilicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agreeya_Mobility=Agreeya Mobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akademiet_Norge=Akademiet Norge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnPro_Industries=EnPro Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBS_Altitude_Group=CBS Altitude Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FIIG_Securities=FIIG Securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anhui_Construction_Engineering_Group=Anhui Construction Engineering Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAE_Systems=RAE Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransome_&_Marles=Ransome & Marles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sgrouples=Sgrouples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonn_Group_of_Industries=Bonn Group of Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_House_Positano=Coffee House Positano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VirnetX=VirnetX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danske_Bank_(Northern_Ireland)=Danske Bank (Northern Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impax_Laboratories=Impax Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treehouse_(company)=Treehouse (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantarraya_Productions=Mantarraya Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pertino=Pertino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Pascoe_Group=James Pascoe Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cipher_Prime=Cipher Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senex_Energy=Senex Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbital_Education=Orbital Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapor_Apparel=Vapor Apparel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Money=Virgin Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_General_Technology_Group=China General Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whaletone=Whaletone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Strategies=Purple Strategies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNN_Films=CNN Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grammarly=Grammarly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewelry_Exchange=The Jewelry Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lux_Industries=Lux Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundaram_-_Clayton_Limited=Sundaram - Clayton Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Construction_Engineering_Group=Beijing Construction Engineering Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocking_Lime_Works=Cocking Lime Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permeon_Biologics=Permeon Biologics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PASHA_Holding=PASHA Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linear_Acoustic=Linear Acoustic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_House_Investments=Church House Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archaeology_South-East=Archaeology South-East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamboo_Club=Bamboo Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy_Brothers=Hardy Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospitality_Financial_and_Technology_Professionals_(HFTP)=Hospitality Financial and Technology Professionals (HFTP)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaride=Kangaride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brinly-Hardy_Company=Brinly-Hardy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRC-Evans=CRC-Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pondfreaks=Pondfreaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Firman_Racing=Ralph Firman Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APU_Company=APU Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlockDos=BlockDos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridcentric,_Inc.=Gridcentric, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Books=Square Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summon_(company)=Summon (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JustPark=JustPark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ViS_Research=ViS Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onepager=Onepager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_TV_Co._Ltd.=Future TV Co. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Mobile_Applications_(AMA_Studios)=Advanced Mobile Applications (AMA Studios)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildix=Wildix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balderton_Capital=Balderton Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banc_De_Binary=Banc De Binary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Lites=D'Lites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoolMiniOrNot=CoolMiniOrNot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datatec=Datatec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bionor_Pharma=Bionor Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floyd_Zrt.=Floyd Zrt.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midhurst_Brickworks=Midhurst Brickworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Roberts_&_Co_of_Nelson=William Roberts & Co of Nelson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITIC_Construction=CITIC Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alteva=Alteva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Terminals=Abu Dhabi Terminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dulces_Miguelito=Dulces Miguelito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_News_Network=Georgia News Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_Interactive=Rise Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBC_(bus_manufacturer)=IBC (bus manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RFW=RFW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coachmaster=Coachmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daedalic_Entertainment=Daedalic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sofitasa=Sofitasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FiftyFifty_Brewing_Company=FiftyFifty Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_(bookstore)=Gandhi (bookstore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playware_Studios=Playware Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylight_Films=Skylight Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centurion_Transport_Engineering=Centurion Transport Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coach_Concepts=Coach Concepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eteacher_Group=Eteacher Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stackdriver=Stackdriver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_(app)=Lulu (app)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avolites=Avolites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moja_TV=Moja TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShowScoop=ShowScoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jugos_del_Valle=Jugos del Valle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vito_Technology=Vito Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ETF_Ride_Systems=ETF Ride Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artha_Graha_Peduli_Foundation=Artha Graha Peduli Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyberoam=Cyberoam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamma-Dynacare_Medical_Laboratories=Gamma-Dynacare Medical Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Emily_Lumber_Company=Mount Emily Lumber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Technology_(Gtech)=Grey Technology (Gtech)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exact_Data=Exact Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Leathers=Lewis Leathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piper_Race_Cars=Piper Race Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zetta.net=Zetta.net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asfour_crystal=Asfour crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aio_Wireless=Aio Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferns_N_Petals=Ferns N Petals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfadt_Race_Engineering=Pfadt Race Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Railway_Seventh_Group=China Railway Seventh Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teradici=Teradici
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soup.io=Soup.io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Brewing_Company=Philadelphia Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GB_Group=GB Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Hotels=Virgin Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enjoy_Movies=Enjoy Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenheart_Group=Greenheart Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireproof_Studios=Fireproof Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrris_Ltd=Syrris Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EcoHouse_Group=EcoHouse Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinkwell_Group=Thinkwell Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workshare=Workshare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Squid=Laughing Squid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jirama=Jirama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scolani=Scolani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoshino_Resorts=Hoshino Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Safeground=Norman Safeground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S&N_Genealogy_Supplies=S&N Genealogy Supplies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Discount_Outlet=Rapid Discount Outlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shandong_Gold=Shandong Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiss_Diamond_International=Swiss Diamond International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outpost_Club=Outpost Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Base_CRM=Base CRM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data3=Data3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_P._Johnson=George P. Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihar_State_Power_Holding_Company_Limited=Bihar State Power Holding Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soma_(company)=Soma (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetOwl=NetOwl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coupons.com=Coupons.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Causeway_Link=Causeway Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armature_Studio=Armature Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photon_etc.=Photon etc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welltech=Welltech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RallyPoint=RallyPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarvis_Walker=Jarvis Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_greentech_initiative=China greentech initiative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kind_Consumer_Limited=Kind Consumer Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compare_Group=Compare Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryazan_Plant_for_Manufacturing_and_Processing_Non-Ferrous_Metals=Ryazan Plant for Manufacturing and Processing Non-Ferrous Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cantab_Capital_Partners=Cantab Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Specialty_Vehicles=Allied Specialty Vehicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packet_Design=Packet Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverware=Neverware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Brewing=Revolution Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_(company)=Buck (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swipp=Swipp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius_Shipping_Corporation=Mauritius Shipping Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapit=Trapit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Tools=Gray Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chun_Nan_Jun=Chun Nan Jun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarovit_Motors=Yarovit Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sine_Screen=Sine Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norma_Auto_Concept=Norma Auto Concept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterling_Piano_Company=Sterling Piano Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Energy_Finance_Corporation=Clean Energy Finance Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cremalleras_Rubi=Cremalleras Rubi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasury_Holdings=Treasury Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aeryon_Labs=Aeryon Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keen_Software_House=Keen Software House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Games=Celestial Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Brewing_Company=Colonial Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinemax_(video_game_developer)=Cinemax (video game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syarikat_Perumahan_Negara_Berhad=Syarikat Perumahan Negara Berhad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venari_Resources=Venari Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RationalPlan=RationalPlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ServiceFrame=ServiceFrame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedompay=Freedompay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Causata=Causata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/API_Healthcare=API Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Microphone=American Microphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KHD_Humboldt_Wedag=KHD Humboldt Wedag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreadlocks_Ltd=Dreadlocks Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQnovate=IQnovate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruzin=Cruzin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulthorn_Kirby=Kulthorn Kirby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truma_(company)=Truma (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizuho_Securities_USA_Inc.=Mizuho Securities USA Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IM_Creator=IM Creator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PeaceHealth=PeaceHealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PanAn_Test_Engineering=PanAn Test Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Games_(video_game_developer)=Future Games (video game developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Detectors=Quantum Detectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FabFurnish.com=FabFurnish.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SN_Systems=SN Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kofe_Khauz=Kofe Khauz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enso_Group=Enso Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MATTER_(magazine)=MATTER (magazine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rake_In_Grass=Rake In Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Switch_Networks=Big Switch Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feng_Sushi=Feng Sushi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sportskeeda=Sportskeeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DASHED=DASHED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Films_(Ireland)=Fantastic Films (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/INPACT_International=INPACT International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pivotal_Software=Pivotal Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scan-Optics=Scan-Optics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterproid=Enterproid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcannon=Carcannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuuse=Fuuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_One_Foods=Super One Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Taco_Tote=El Taco Tote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigsby_&_Kruthers=Bigsby & Kruthers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Ocean_Cruises=Viking Ocean Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DB-SOFT=DB-SOFT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allity=Allity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vemma=Vemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rane_(Madras)=Rane (Madras)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiruna_Wagon=Kiruna Wagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Australia=Curtis Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotchkiss_Ordnance_Company=Hotchkiss Ordnance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parameswara_Art_Productions=Parameswara Art Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Man_Films=Thin Man Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Shorter_Pty_Ltd=John Shorter Pty Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Strathern=Anderson Strathern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tasca=La Tasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Reserve=Liberty Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CallidusCloud=CallidusCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnation_Auto=Carnation Auto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geewa=Geewa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volzhanin=Volzhanin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neftekamsk_Automotive_Plant=Neftekamsk Automotive Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Thread_Games=Red Thread Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMZ_(Vologodskiy_mechanical_plant)=VMZ (Vologodskiy mechanical plant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avtotor=Avtotor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_B._Nutter_&_Company=James B. Nutter & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StockTwits=StockTwits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E._W._Bliss_Company=E. W. Bliss Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Wrestling_League=World Wrestling League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engage_Resources=Engage Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DloHaiti=DloHaiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LMAX_Exchange=LMAX Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoacht.com=Becoacht.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messagenet=Messagenet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilz_(company)=Pilz (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talari_Networks=Talari Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poundworld=Poundworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_Corp=News Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demikhovsky_Machine-building_Plant=Demikhovsky Machine-building Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Games=Ghost Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matamp=Matamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMS_(entertainment_data)=TMS (entertainment data)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wausau_Paper=Wausau Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blu_Products=Blu Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nintendo_Network_Service_Database=Nintendo Network Service Database
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EatStreet=EatStreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripp_Lite=Tripp Lite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Branch_Railway_Company=Indian Branch Railway Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biosis_Pty_Ltd=Biosis Pty Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newmarket_Holidays=Newmarket Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ro-Marong_Nigeria=Ro-Marong Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HD_Mining_International=HD Mining International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman_Clay=Sherman Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baycomms_Broadcasting_Corporation=Baycomms Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MovieTime_Cinemas=MovieTime Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIMAN=SIMAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oudh_and_Rohilkhand_Railway=Oudh and Rohilkhand Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TravelerVIP=TravelerVIP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plexim=Plexim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOMA_Fabrications=SOMA Fabrications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Broadcasting_(Philippines)=Magnum Broadcasting (Philippines)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monitise_plc=Monitise plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Monkey_(production_company)=Bad Monkey (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yemeksepeti=Yemeksepeti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DTA_sarl=DTA sarl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapsch_CarrierCom_AG=Kapsch CarrierCom AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_Digital_Ltd=Invitation Digital Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThinCats=ThinCats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara_Group=Mara Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocking_Foundry=Cocking Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshe's=Moshe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WindowsWear=WindowsWear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Smart_Logistic_Network=China Smart Logistic Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amma_Unavagam=Amma Unavagam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medallia=Medallia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survata=Survata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufi_Comics=Sufi Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomann_(retailer)=Thomann (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrolit=Tyrolit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HPI,_LLC=HPI, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterson-UTI=Patterson-UTI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laredo_Petroleum=Laredo Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameSim=GameSim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyon_Group=Kalyon Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahaka_Media=Mahaka Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Whaling_and_Sealing_Company=Southern Whaling and Sealing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tebian_Electric_Apparatus=Tebian Electric Apparatus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desti=Desti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albayrak_Holding=Albayrak Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coinbase=Coinbase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Healthy_Vending=Fresh Healthy Vending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Racing_Cars=Wolf Racing Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermes_Group=Hermes Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LightInTheBox=LightInTheBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerlach_Barklow_Co.=Gerlach Barklow Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrivateCore=PrivateCore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Dessel_Sports=Van Dessel Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catabasis_Pharmaceuticals=Catabasis Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surya_Group=Surya Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudaw_Media_Network=Rudaw Media Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amshold=Amshold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Istanbul_Bar_Association=Istanbul Bar Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreatPoint_Energy=GreatPoint Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umami_Burger=Umami Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neshaminy_Creek_Brewing_Company=Neshaminy Creek Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkmentelecom=Turkmentelecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Entertainment=Reality Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AgostoDos_Pictures=AgostoDos Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Films=Spring Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_Concept=Chaos Concept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_Film_Finland=SF Film Finland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasco_Energy=Wasco Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Frog=Sweet Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greatview=Greatview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BSRM=BSRM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EatOut=EatOut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Fomex=Hyundai Fomex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interceptor_Entertainment=Interceptor Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Eclipse_Select=Chicago Eclipse Select
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solavei=Solavei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Country_Real_Estate=United Country Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_LPS=Glass LPS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Base79=Base79
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anki_(company)=Anki (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17-BIT=17-BIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarawak_Energy=Sarawak Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Flowers=Yellow Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corindus_Vascular_Robotics=Corindus Vascular Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ColorTyme=ColorTyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motor_Thailand=Toyota Motor Thailand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angstrem_(company)=Angstrem (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timas_Publishing_Group=Timas Publishing Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbine_Studios=Carbine Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BigBalls_Films=BigBalls Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothco=Rothco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMV_Ireland=HMV Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civitas_Institute=Civitas Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Earth_Farming=Black Earth Farming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell-Grobman_Films=Campbell-Grobman Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Global_Express=Toll Global Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maganlal_Dresswala=Maganlal Dresswala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EastwoodCo=EastwoodCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rightster=Rightster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanitec=Sanitec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haivision=Haivision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelgenio=Travelgenio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus@Will=Focus@Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nefarious_Realm=Nefarious Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endocyte=Endocyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QNAP_Systems,_Inc.=QNAP Systems, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca_Data=Seneca Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidaptive=Kidaptive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianwei_Baobian_Electric=Tianwei Baobian Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intel_Capital=Intel Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coriant=Coriant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchinson_Industries=Hutchinson Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avteq=Avteq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicle_News_Agency=Dicle News Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divan_Group=Divan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Hospitals_Group=Universal Hospitals Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dock_Street_Brewing_Company=Dock Street Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Prima_Espresso_Company=La Prima Espresso Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheGenealogist=TheGenealogist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automotive_Financial_Group=Automotive Financial Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohmir=Rohmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alterkeys=Alterkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerojet_Rocketdyne=Aerojet Rocketdyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Technical_Institute_Belgrade=Military Technical Institute Belgrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worker_Studio=Worker Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furch_Guitars=Furch Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IVEC=IVEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathonbet=Marathonbet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyou=Joyou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Sussman,_Inc.=J. Sussman, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assystem=Assystem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panzura=Panzura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobalt_Label_Services=Kobalt Label Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nurol_Holding=Nurol Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chita_Noriai=Chita Noriai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_Testing_Center=Technical Testing Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Tower_(company)=Ivory Tower (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RetailMeNot=RetailMeNot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Signal=Lone Signal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defy_Media=Defy Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Tonight=Hotel Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N8_Identity=N8 Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dex_Media=Dex Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalispell_Regional_Medical_Center=Kalispell Regional Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Smith_Motors=Dave Smith Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brit_+_Co.=Brit + Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mangrove_Care_Forum_Bali=Mangrove Care Forum Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Effects=Look Effects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciner_Holding=Ciner Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dekko=Dekko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SONGZIO=SONGZIO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vectus_Verkehrsgesellschaft=Vectus Verkehrsgesellschaft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_Distriparks_Limited=Gateway Distriparks Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PFC_Energy=PFC Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MRT_Corp=MRT Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hailo=Hailo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agora_Financial=Agora Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrut_Distilleries=Amrut Distilleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moderna_Therapeutics=Moderna Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Insurance=Tower Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openweathermap=Openweathermap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS_network=ABS network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidFirst_Bank=MidFirst Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CAST_(company)=CAST (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flavor_Unit_Entertainment=Flavor Unit Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikinis_Sports_Bar_&_Grill=Bikinis Sports Bar & Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VIP's=VIP's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASOCS=ASOCS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makuta_VFX=Makuta VFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rauch_(company)=Rauch (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maitland_Group=Maitland Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Worldwide=Clements Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobha_Ltd.=Sobha Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosmos_Energy=Kosmos Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Cow=Crimson Cow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSI_Group=VSI Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LifeIMAGE=LifeIMAGE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bespoke_Arcades=Bespoke Arcades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwarzkopf_&_Schwarzkopf_Verlag=Schwarzkopf & Schwarzkopf Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superbrothers=Superbrothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GainSpan=GainSpan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WiLAN=WiLAN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIM_Media_Texas=AIM Media Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdsall_Services_Group=Birdsall Services Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimized_Athlete=Optimized Athlete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2XU=2XU
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covisint=Covisint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Noon_Western_Americana=High Noon Western Americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegiance_(company)=Allegiance (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evntlive=Evntlive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_River=Two River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pei_Partnership_Architects=Pei Partnership Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenPalm=GreenPalm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaber_Ebne_Hayyan_Pharmaceutical_Company=Jaber Ebne Hayyan Pharmaceutical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elan_Media_Partners=Elan Media Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cord_Blood_Registry=Cord Blood Registry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadan_Yards=Wadan Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vets4pets=Vets4pets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceberg_Interactive=Iceberg Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinkle=Clinkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainstream_Energy_Corporation=Mainstream Energy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniwide_Sales,_Inc.=Uniwide Sales, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RB_Kolubara=RB Kolubara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groz-Beckert=Groz-Beckert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KB_SM=KB SM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaworld_Lifestyle_Malls=Megaworld Lifestyle Malls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengal_and_North_Western_Railway=Bengal and North Western Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirhut_Railway=Tirhut Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohilkund_and_Kumaon_Railway=Rohilkund and Kumaon Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Segowlie-Raxaul_Railway=Segowlie-Raxaul Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cawnpore-Burhwal_Railway=Cawnpore-Burhwal Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cawnpore-Barabanki_Railway=Cawnpore-Barabanki Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Performance_Center=WWE Performance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashrak-Thawe_Extension_Railway=Mashrak-Thawe Extension Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow-Bareilly_Railway=Lucknow-Bareilly Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow-Sitapur-Seramow_Provincial_State_Railway=Lucknow-Sitapur-Seramow Provincial State Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareilly-Pilibheet_Provincial_State_Railway=Bareilly-Pilibheet Provincial State Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_FM=Dance FM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rane_Engine_Valve_Limited=Rane Engine Valve Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAL_Global_Services=DAL Global Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaker_Oats_Company=Quaker Oats Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superkoora=Superkoora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JetBrains=JetBrains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Domestic_Forwarding=Toll Domestic Forwarding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruler_Foods=Ruler Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Global_Resources=Toll Global Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appcelerator=Appcelerator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carvana=Carvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EidosMedia=EidosMedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZSpace_(company)=ZSpace (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shree_Ganesh_Jewellery_House=Shree Ganesh Jewellery House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WidgetCo,_Inc.=WidgetCo, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagship_Food_Group=Flagship Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Series_of_Fighting_(Canada)=World Series of Fighting (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medassets=Medassets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashghal=Ashghal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldie_Blox=Goldie Blox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Violent_Extremism=Against Violent Extremism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Cinema=August Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allcargo_Logistics_Limited=Allcargo Logistics Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graand_Production=Graand Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharfedale_Brewery=Wharfedale Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T_K_Group_of_Industries=T K Group of Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoftwareONE=SoftwareONE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrabCAD=GrabCAD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Distilleries=John Distilleries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddy_Merckx_Cycles=Eddy Merckx Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RelateIQ=RelateIQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIUI=SIUI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elipse_Software=Elipse Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker's_Auctions=Walker's Auctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teatro_o_Bando=Teatro o Bando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoCo_Therapeutics=CoCo Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orexo=Orexo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Films=Phantom Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wireless_Broadband_Alliance=Wireless Broadband Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ateam_Inc.=Ateam Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RTV_Noord=RTV Noord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Gute_Fabrik=Die Gute Fabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silego_Technology_Inc.=Silego Technology Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Production_Solutions=Norris Production Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curzon_Cinemas=Curzon Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enclos=Enclos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anand_Group=Anand Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RUOK%3F_Day=RUOK? Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avanon=Avanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Global_Logistics=Toll Global Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_Global_Forwarding=Toll Global Forwarding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neenah_Foundry=Neenah Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meisei_Electric=Meisei Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centegra_Health_System=Centegra Health System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balocco_(company)=Balocco (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borges_Mediterranean_Group=Borges Mediterranean Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordgold=Nordgold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMRI_Global=AMRI Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atotech=Atotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medio=Medio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenEd=OpenEd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlight_Health=Castlight Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscuiterie_Saint-Michel=Biscuiterie Saint-Michel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribe_Pictures=Tribe Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Properties_Group=Dubai Properties Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veda_(NZ)=Veda (NZ)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automatic_Systems_(company)=Automatic Systems (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Chaser_Animation_Studios=Light Chaser Animation Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamBox_(company)=DreamBox (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bach_Technology=Bach Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Propeller_Group=The Propeller Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake's_Brewing_Company=Drake's Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Construction_Materials=Hope Construction Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspired_Media_Entertainment=Inspired Media Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackboard_Inc.=Blackboard Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Fight_Championship=Final Fight Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IXYS_Corporation=IXYS Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Hamburgers=Byron Hamburgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VigLink=VigLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Bull_Studios=Tiny Bull Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanka_Bell=Lanka Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humanix_Books=Humanix Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrandYourself=BrandYourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostindustrie=Ostindustrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formation_8=Formation 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dents=Dents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjort_(law_firm)=Hjort (law firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noxxon_Pharma=Noxxon Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amari_Hotels_and_Resorts=Amari Hotels and Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudscaling=Cloudscaling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostess_Brands=Hostess Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jablotron=Jablotron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verzo=Verzo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_City_&_Films_Co.=Cinema City & Films Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LMGPR=LMGPR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greaves_Cotton=Greaves Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuaki.tv=Wuaki.tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria_Sovereign_Investment_Authority=Nigeria Sovereign Investment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurlique=Jurlique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Tire=Belle Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marketplace_Homes,_LLC=Marketplace Homes, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maykor=Maykor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingate_Systems=Ingate Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgs=Burgs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Society_Brand=Society Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerson_Group=Emerson Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhlenberg_Greene_Architects=Muhlenberg Greene Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundless_(company)=Boundless (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swain_Destinations=Swain Destinations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real-Time_Systems_(company)=Real-Time Systems (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TDX_Group=TDX Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BenchPrep=BenchPrep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cayman_Chemical_Company=Cayman Chemical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Florida_Obsessive_Compulsive_Disorder_Program=University of Florida Obsessive Compulsive Disorder Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wamba_(wamba.com)=Wamba (wamba.com)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Zeiss_SMT=Carl Zeiss SMT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silktide=Silktide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Serbia=Air Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Gen_Publishing=Next Gen Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VHX=VHX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Clearing_Corporation=Chicago Clearing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ConverDyn=ConverDyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanbao_Mining=Wanbao Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decurion_Corporation=The Decurion Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_&_Rubicam=Young & Rubicam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flylight=Flylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Crown_and_Company=Henry Crown and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_Worldwide_Fashion_SAS=Children Worldwide Fashion SAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navitas_Land_and_Mineral_Corporation=Navitas Land and Mineral Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CommonBond=CommonBond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mori_Trust=Mori Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia_Interactive_Simulations=Bohemia Interactive Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecast,_Inc.=Ecast, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagum_Cooperative=Tagum Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Channel=Fight Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharmacy2U=Pharmacy2U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunderkind_(fashion)=Wunderkind (fashion)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaga.com=Raaga.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis41=Axis41
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Varejo=Via Varejo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telkomcel=Telkomcel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StockTouch=StockTouch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mynews.com=Mynews.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/THDC_Ltd=THDC Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ENVIRON=ENVIRON
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BloomNation=BloomNation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arteris=Arteris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_independent_system_operator=California independent system operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exel_Inn=Exel Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorco_Shipping=Thorco Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanque=Nanque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Fuel_Cell_Technologies=Horizon Fuel Cell Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaques_Limited=Jaques Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_Energy=Hart Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I.D._Systems=I.D. Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson,_Martin_&_Smith=Robertson, Martin & Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIONIC_Hill_Innovation_Park=BIONIC Hill Innovation Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TMA_Solutions=TMA Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Coal_and_Iron_Company=Central Coal and Iron Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Den=Angels Den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OYAK=OYAK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOSventures=SOSventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indium_Corporation=Indium Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Maddio's_Pizza_Joint=Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheveley_Park_Stud=Cheveley Park Stud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TDS_Telecom=TDS Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDrive_Inc.=IDrive Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisnode=Bisnode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Kitchen=Millennium Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winklevoss_Capital_Management=Winklevoss Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixman=Mixman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COMSA_EMTE=COMSA EMTE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BroadbandTV_Corp=BroadbandTV Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makemytrip=Makemytrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeAnywhere=BeAnywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sai_Prasad_Corporation_Ltd=Sai Prasad Corporation Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chip_1_Exchange=Chip 1 Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_by_Sainsbury's=Mobile by Sainsbury's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unertl_Optical_Company=Unertl Optical Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KUKA_Flexible_Manufacturing_Systems=KUKA Flexible Manufacturing Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W_Gadsby_&_Son_Ltd=W Gadsby & Son Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_American_Petroleum_and_Transport_Company=Pan American Petroleum and Transport Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant_Sparrow=Giant Sparrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugardaddyforme.com=Sugardaddyforme.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Theatres=Southern Theatres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmonic_Inc.=Harmonic Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B&B_Hotels=B&B Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HyppTV=HyppTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flexenclosure=Flexenclosure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakk_Media=Snakk Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salym_Petroleum_Development=Salym Petroleum Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallyscar=Wallyscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datadog=Datadog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_Petroleum_Corporation=Lago Petroleum Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dos_y_Dos=Dos y Dos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Spirits_Limited=United Spirits Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cengiz_Holding=Cengiz Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limak_Holding=Limak Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portal_A_Interactive=Portal A Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subisu=Subisu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TWG_Tea=TWG Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumulus_Networks=Cumulus Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Publicis_Omnicom_Group=Publicis Omnicom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STV_Group_(Scotland)=STV Group (Scotland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radico_Khaitan=Radico Khaitan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca_Glass_Company=Seneca Glass Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebell_Wood_Children's_Hospice=Bluebell Wood Children's Hospice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busch_Systems=Busch Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvest_Power=Harvest Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontraport=Ontraport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharo_Management=Pharo Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy's_Candy_Bar=Amy's Candy Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BettrLife=BettrLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheil_Worldwide=Cheil Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polimeks=Polimeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_City_Ferries=Harbour City Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transdev_Australasia=Transdev Australasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Furniture_Land=Oak Furniture Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Energy=Intelligent Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christy_(towel_manufacturer)=Christy (towel manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCT_Rail_System=CCT Rail System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TOP_Media=TOP Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energiekontor=Energiekontor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scan_(organisation)=Scan (organisation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bron_Studios=Bron Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheSuitest=TheSuitest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Urbano_(company)=Hotel Urbano (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbus_Defence_and_Space=Airbus Defence and Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumho_Petrochemical=Kumho Petrochemical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Pesquera=Villa Pesquera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GiftCards.com=GiftCards.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MD_Discount=MD Discount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Women_Conference=Trust Women Conference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DragonWave=DragonWave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneHope_Wine=OneHope Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softree_Technical_Systems=Softree Technical Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_3rd_Films=May 3rd Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-VAWT=Hi-VAWT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presbyterian_Healthcare_Services=Presbyterian Healthcare Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrayent=Arrayent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transammonia=Transammonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Imaging_Systems=Cambridge Imaging Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FerriMaroc=FerriMaroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battery_Giant=Battery Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LendUp=LendUp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TriStar_Productions=TriStar Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mettler_Toledo=Mettler Toledo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interactive_Television_Entertainment=Interactive Television Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lufa_Farms=Lufa Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freightos=Freightos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leading_Edge_Aviation_Services=Leading Edge Aviation Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka_Interbank_Payment_System=Sri Lanka Interbank Payment System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Hill_Production=Sun Hill Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jameson_Inn=Jameson Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerfin=Powerfin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healthspan=Healthspan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcelain_Film=Porcelain Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Christian_Group=Empire Christian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UK2_Group=UK2 Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrefour_Planet=Carrefour Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArabiaWeather=ArabiaWeather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IronSource=IronSource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripmax=Ripmax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox's=Cox's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TEN_Music_Group=TEN Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sljeme_(company)=Sljeme (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Context_Relevant=Context Relevant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kout_Food_Group=Kout Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenpress=Armenpress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Axiata=Smart Axiata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globus_(hypermarket)=Globus (hypermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balkhashtsvetmet=Balkhashtsvetmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXA_PPP_healthcare=AXA PPP healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilimanjaro_Live=Kilimanjaro Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canopy_Labs=Canopy Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studio_One_(company)=Studio One (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B2M_Entertainment=B2M Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuNetworks=EuNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US-ASEAN_Business_Council=US-ASEAN Business Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volvo_Trucks=Volvo Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diversi=Diversi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Alto_Mining=Rio Alto Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppFolio=AppFolio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIP_(brewery)=BIP (brewery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Pacific_Energy=Island Pacific Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Grey_Pictures=Point Grey Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redis_Labs=Redis Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GreenWing_International=GreenWing International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BIOTEC=BIOTEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmons_Hardware_Company=Simmons Hardware Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BarentsWatch=BarentsWatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarmac_Building_Products=Tarmac Building Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediatonic=Mediatonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnell_element14=Farnell element14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Element14=Element14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquaveo=Aquaveo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostec=Rostec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_TEC_Guatemala=Campus TEC Guatemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajlan_&_Brothers=Ajlan & Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KMP_Holdings=KMP Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirWatch=AirWatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandvik_Coromant=Sandvik Coromant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DukeNet_Communications=DukeNet Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrowdOptic,_Inc.=CrowdOptic, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tablesaver=Tablesaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TiqIQ=TiqIQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Sollers=Ford Sollers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schools_Club=Schools Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Research_and_Development_Institute_of_Ecology_and_the_Sustainable_Use_of_Natural_Resources=Research and Development Institute of Ecology and the Sustainable Use of Natural Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Packet_Boat_Trips=Bristol Packet Boat Trips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dremel_Europe=Dremel Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Roofing_Supply=Beacon Roofing Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Series_of_Fighting:_Central_America=World Series of Fighting: Central America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Collegiate_Scouting_Association_Athletic_Recruiting=National Collegiate Scouting Association Athletic Recruiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PhotoSensitive_(organization)=PhotoSensitive (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottage_Inn_Pizza=Cottage Inn Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permian_Investment_Partners=Permian Investment Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kliegl_Brothers_Universal_Electric_Stage_Lighting_Company=Kliegl Brothers Universal Electric Stage Lighting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Drug_Company=Smith Drug Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Thrasher_LLP=Bennett Thrasher LLP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Control_Systems=Information Control Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Staunton=House of Staunton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BSI_Steel=BSI Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Select_Model_Management=Select Model Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovelin=Ovelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primedia=Primedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omniplex_Cinemas=Omniplex Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERM_Telematics=ERM Telematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_400=Imperial 400
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KannaLife=KannaLife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Solutions=Artificial Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witan_Pacific_Investment_Trust=Witan Pacific Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavendish_Farms=Cavendish Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinetic_theTechnologyAgency=Kinetic theTechnologyAgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Gamer=Live Gamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BAYADA_Home_Health_Care=BAYADA Home Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Union_of_Donbas=Industrial Union of Donbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Jute_Manufactures_Corporation_Limited=National Jute Manufactures Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpareFoot=SpareFoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budget_Host=Budget Host
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimberly-Clark_Health_Care=Kimberly-Clark Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreightCenter=FreightCenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xbox_Entertainment_Studios=Xbox Entertainment Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F-star=F-star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AzMeCo=AzMeCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_Express_Toys=Learning Express Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animoto=Animoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unusuality_Productions=Unusuality Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packaging_Corporation_of_America=Packaging Corporation of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Refuge_Inc.=Game Refuge Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YTO_Group=YTO Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkord_Industry_Construction_Investment_Corporation=Akkord Industry Construction Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innovation_Pavilion=Innovation Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlemaine_Brewery,_Western_Australia=Castlemaine Brewery, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RacoWireless=RacoWireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unimed_S.A.=Unimed S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Country_Inn=Cross Country Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ty-D-Bol=Ty-D-Bol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybiz_Software_Pty_Ltd=Sybiz Software Pty Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BaltGaz_Group=BaltGaz Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayoki_Fabricon=Ayoki Fabricon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehigh_Structural_Steel_Company=Lehigh Structural Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starmind_International=Starmind International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LabCentral=LabCentral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappr=Tappr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNG_Films=RNG Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnuson_Hotels=Magnuson Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yodel_(company)=Yodel (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evogene=Evogene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaris_Motor=Polaris Motor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inglewood_Children's_Home=Inglewood Children's Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Motor_America=Hyundai Motor America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRIS_Research=IRIS Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botak_Jones=Botak Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EDP_-_Energias_do_Brasil=EDP - Energias do Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electromagnetic_Geoservices=Electromagnetic Geoservices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton_Creek=Hampton Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Brothers_Manufacturing_Company=North Brothers Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigada_Mass_Media_Corporation=Brigada Mass Media Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearSlide=ClearSlide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Media=Alpha Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TradeGecko=TradeGecko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nivio=Nivio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunav_osiguranje=Dunav osiguranje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minaurum_Gold=Minaurum Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qwant=Qwant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdvanFort=AdvanFort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quala=Quala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkling=Inkling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricen=Agricen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanoon_farhangi_amoozesh=Kanoon farhangi amoozesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physio-Control=Physio-Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Radiator_Company=American Radiator Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maponics=Maponics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamica=Islamica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Products_Inc=Energy Products Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Point=Social Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cafection_Enterprises_Inc.=Cafection Enterprises Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanfeller_Media_Group=Spanfeller Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Stan's_Brewery=St. Stan's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QLess=QLess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Degrees_Food=Two Degrees Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AmnesiaGames=AmnesiaGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemon_Wallet=Lemon Wallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneythink=Moneythink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avtech_Corp.=Avtech Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengst_Automotive=Hengst Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipsy_Elves=Tipsy Elves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Leisure_Group=Apple Leisure Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgespan_Group=Bridgespan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_South=Twelve South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inter_Glass=Inter Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khoday_Group=Khoday Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybermed=Cybermed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KlickEx=KlickEx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MineWolf_Systems=MineWolf Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook_India_Ltd=Thomas Cook India Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godrej_&_Boyce=Godrej & Boyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geliyoo=Geliyoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austevoll_Seafood=Austevoll Seafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosco_(India)_Limited=Cosco (India) Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun_Films=Rising Sun Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikhya_Entertainment=Sikhya Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rud_Aero=Rud Aero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jar_Pictures=Jar Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GameEon=GameEon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startup_Village=Startup Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addtech=Addtech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CarGurus=CarGurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nail_Communications=Nail Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuji_Fire_and_Marine_Insurance=Fuji Fire and Marine Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskimo_(ice_cream)=Eskimo (ice cream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwa_Group=Barwa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXS_(ticket_merchant)=AXS (ticket merchant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WillCall=WillCall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelaco=Pelaco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus500=Plus500
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_&_Flavor=Fire & Flavor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Center_Area_Community_Improvement_District=Town Center Area Community Improvement District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusion_IP_plc=Fusion IP plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZICO_(beverage)=ZICO (beverage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stik.com=Stik.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G3_Telecom=G3 Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OwnLocal=OwnLocal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnoGames=InnoGames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguarda_Agro=Vanguarda Agro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnosticos_da_America=Diagnosticos da America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Joe's=Pirate Joe's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_Comics=Heroes Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowmer_&_Kirkland=Bowmer & Kirkland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM=IBM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulteo=Ulteo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Tea_Court=Imperial Tea Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebony_Fashion_Fair=Ebony Fashion Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelateria_Italiana=Gelateria Italiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framepool=Framepool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Union_of_Engineers=Russian Union of Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Group=Santa Fe Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimizely=Optimizely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ParkWhiz=ParkWhiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koleje_Wielkopolskie=Koleje Wielkopolskie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nest_Seekers_International=Nest Seekers International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelson's_Markets=Gelson's Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xsolla=Xsolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gems_Sensors_&_Controls=Gems Sensors & Controls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breil_(company)=Breil (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangover_Heaven=Hangover Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synqera=Synqera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PerkStreet=PerkStreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IZettle=IZettle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trex_Company,_Inc.=Trex Company, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericsson_Mobile_Communications=Ericsson Mobile Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrefour_City=Carrefour City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.M._Rawat=H.M. Rawat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibrac_Corporation=Vibrac Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyer's_Food_Markets,_Inc.=Boyer's Food Markets, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FanXT=FanXT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-Tech_Bridge=High-Tech Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Pellets=German Pellets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARGO-HYTOS=ARGO-HYTOS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qhub=Qhub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piramal_Group=Piramal Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindomatic=Bindomatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeachMint=BeachMint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GrubHub_Seamless=GrubHub Seamless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retrofit_(company)=Retrofit (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_New_Music=Brand New Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyco_Integrated_Security=Tyco Integrated Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isra_Vision=Isra Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudl=Hudl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movile_(company)=Movile (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alnylam_Pharmaceuticals=Alnylam Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendon_Iron_Company=Glendon Iron Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryogenifex=Kryogenifex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figaro_Coffee_Company=Figaro Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AFC_Ajax_N.V.=AFC Ajax N.V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Mart=Magic Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangsu_Broadcasting_Corporation=Jiangsu Broadcasting Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Real-time=Welcome Real-time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uken_Games=Uken Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AH_Basic=AH Basic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ameriprise_Auto_&_Home_Insurance=Ameriprise Auto & Home Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motovario=Motovario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buypass=Buypass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blau_Mobilfunk=Blau Mobilfunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malleable_Iron_Range_Company=Malleable Iron Range Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EuroGeneral=EuroGeneral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aggregate_Films=Aggregate Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fibenare_Guitars_Co.=Fibenare Guitars Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Organization_for_Industrial_Consulting=Gulf Organization for Industrial Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technology_Services_Group=Technology Services Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ericsson_Radio_Systems=Ericsson Radio Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehype=Prehype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5-7-9=5-7-9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LM3LABS=LM3LABS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flux_Stoke-on-Trent=Flux Stoke-on-Trent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axpo_Holding=Axpo Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hengstler_GmbH=Hengstler GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batesville_Tool_&_Die=Batesville Tool & Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICELL_Network=ICELL Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myit_Makha_Media_Group=Myit Makha Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applico=Applico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NextWorth=NextWorth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertazzon=Bertazzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airborne_Maintenance_&_Engineering_Services=Airborne Maintenance & Engineering Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salonit_Anhovo=Salonit Anhovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxware=Taxware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXA_PPP_International=AXA PPP International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mygene=Mygene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpio_Music=Scorpio Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LGarde=LGarde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemsley_Fraser=Hemsley Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison_and_Swan_Electric_Light_Company=Edison and Swan Electric Light Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Coney_Island=National Coney Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiteGround=SiteGround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obrey_(watches)=Obrey (watches)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STA_Travel=STA Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Ysidro_Ranch=San Ysidro Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagros_Airlines=Zagros Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitrox_Technologies=Vitrox Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_Eight=Phase Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_Magnate=Wall Street Magnate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnifilm_Entertainment=Omnifilm Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numecent=Numecent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Tatemono=Tokyo Tatemono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricardo_Bofill_Taller_de_Arquitectura=Ricardo Bofill Taller de Arquitectura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HSCC=HSCC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wards_Cove_Packing_Company=Wards Cove Packing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_for_Women_in_Government_and_Civil_Society=Center for Women in Government and Civil Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Ground_News_Reports=On the Ground News Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revathy_Kalamandhir=Revathy Kalamandhir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpaceHub_Southeast=SpaceHub Southeast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Stephenson=Wright Stephenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Music_Co._(Minneapolis)=Metropolitan Music Co. (Minneapolis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihar_State_Road_Development_Corporation=Bihar State Road Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Range_Networks=Range Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGallery=UGallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DriveSavers=DriveSavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polish_Ocean_Lines=Polish Ocean Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canvas_(company)=Canvas (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PodProperty=PodProperty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zebra=The Zebra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Precision=High Precision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMV_Canada=HMV Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBN_Convergence=ABS-CBN Convergence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Fighting_Championship=Australian Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_der_Vlist=Van der Vlist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasim_Bhiwani_Textiles=Grasim Bhiwani Textiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_Beer=Fulton Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchant_Warehouse=Merchant Warehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapbox=Mapbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Bihar_Gramin_Bank=Uttar Bihar Gramin Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_(company)=Calico (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walt_Disney_Company_Latin_America=The Walt Disney Company Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rafaella=Rafaella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Brick_Road=Red Brick Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovako=Ovako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auctionata=Auctionata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_and_Ani=Alex and Ani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CipherCloud=CipherCloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaroslavl_Motor_Plant=Yaroslavl Motor Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DRI_Capital=DRI Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admerasia=Admerasia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Power=North American Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net4=Net4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2X_Software=2X Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_National_Agency_for_Energy_Saving_and_Renewable_Energy=Russian National Agency for Energy Saving and Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Information_Database=Scientific Information Database
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grassi_&_Co.=Grassi & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wit_Studio=Wit Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arts_Marketing_Association=Arts Marketing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CubeSmart=CubeSmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_(spa)=Oasis (spa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recondo_Technology=Recondo Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamy=Alamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetGenie=NetGenie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VOSS_Solutions=VOSS Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedMen=MedMen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diffus_Design=Diffus Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTG_plc=BTG plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retina-X_Studios=Retina-X Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NovaBay_Pharmaceuticals=NovaBay Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helm_Boots=Helm Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setter_Capital_Inc=Setter Capital Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AuthenTec=AuthenTec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meriton=Meriton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Gen_Films=Next Gen Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carzonrent=Carzonrent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philppe_Mounier_Marketing_Production=Philppe Mounier Marketing Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Rock_Ventures=Third Rock Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeepOcean=DeepOcean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bancaribe=Bancaribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomnia_Cookies=Insomnia Cookies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheqbook=Cheqbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fubar_Films=Fubar Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_Studios=Galaxy Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozonia=Ozonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saigol_DDC=Saigol DDC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADESS_AG=ADESS AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightlight_Christian_Adoptions=Nightlight Christian Adoptions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strunal_CZ,_a.s.=Strunal CZ, a.s.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinot's_Palette=Pinot's Palette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimeo,_Inc=Mimeo, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arp-Hansen_Hotel_Group=Arp-Hansen Hotel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allied_Marble_&_Granite=Allied Marble & Granite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OMD_Worldwide=OMD Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentrigo=Gentrigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zync_Global=Zync Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speake-Marin=Speake-Marin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protozoa_Pictures=Protozoa Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheOfficialBoard=TheOfficialBoard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweett_Group=Sweett Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrian_Emergency_Task_Force=Syrian Emergency Task Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CipherGraph_Networks=CipherGraph Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dege_&_Skinner=Dege & Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaMicro=SeaMicro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottlenose_(company)=Bottlenose (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazor_Robotics=Mazor Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AS-International=AS-International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosslink_Capital=Crosslink Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starmalls=Starmalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuscale_Cruises=Portuscale Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umoove=Umoove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OTEL_Telecoms=OTEL Telecoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R._J._Reynolds_Vapor_Company=R. J. Reynolds Vapor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q_Link_Wireless=Q Link Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcept=Comcept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._Collins_and_Sons=G. Collins and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KCPS_Clarity=KCPS Clarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photron=Photron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unicharm=Unicharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shwe_Taung_Group=Shwe Taung Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruston_Daily_Leader=Ruston Daily Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Meal_Company=International Meal Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LBC_Express=LBC Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenSFS=OpenSFS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Brand=J Brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LabWare=LabWare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioAmber_Inc.=BioAmber Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJI_(company)=DJI (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sustainable_Restaurant_Association=Sustainable Restaurant Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belarusian_Universal_Commodity_Exchange=Belarusian Universal Commodity Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DreamHammer=DreamHammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WibiData=WibiData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Load_Control=Global Load Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y.O_Concept=Y.O Concept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORK_Wheels=WORK Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-Moda=V-Moda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghani_Group_of_Companies=Ghani Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppGratis=AppGratis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossbar_(computer_hardware_manufacturer)=Crossbar (computer hardware manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proto_Labs=Proto Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollenkopf=Mollenkopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Wagon_&_Carriage_Works=Bristol Wagon & Carriage Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solifer=Solifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_(Finnish_company)=Panda (Finnish company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercia_Fund_Management=Mercia Fund Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Cook_Retail=Thomas Cook Retail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alset_GmbH=Alset GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattersight_Corporation=Mattersight Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FLAVORx=FLAVORx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanfeeth=Tanfeeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallmob=Wallmob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalsha_Movies_Production=Jalsha Movies Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Export_Development_Bank_of_Iran=Export Development Bank of Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRCC_Asia=CRCC Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Crawl=Common Crawl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piramal_Foundation=Piramal Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Investment_Group=Young Investment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisu_Axles=Sisu Axles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudyMode=StudyMode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banila_Co.=Banila Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tata_Elxsi=Tata Elxsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeamTO=TeamTO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Lifesciences=Edwards Lifesciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stripes_Group=Stripes Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craft_Brew_Alliance=Craft Brew Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wockhardt_Hospitals=Wockhardt Hospitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HighQ_(software)=HighQ (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OSL_Consulting=OSL Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.F._Smith_&_Associates=N.F. Smith & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Global_Strategies_LLC=Beacon Global Strategies LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dispersion_Technology=Dispersion Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocite_Bikes=Velocite Bikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innisfree_(cosmetics_brand)=Innisfree (cosmetics brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flutura_Decision_Sciences_and_Analytics=Flutura Decision Sciences and Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Aviation_Industry_General_Aircraft=China Aviation Industry General Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legitmix=Legitmix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Wild_Hog=Flying Wild Hog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixamo=Mixamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaporozhtransformator=Zaporozhtransformator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmec=Farmec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simplehuman=Simplehuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NovaWurks=NovaWurks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StudyPortals=StudyPortals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konga.com=Konga.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BucketFeet=BucketFeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yahoo_Beijing_Global_R&D_Center=Yahoo Beijing Global R&D Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainzl_Industriesysteme_GmbH=Hainzl Industriesysteme GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipostparcels=Ipostparcels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NexStreaming=NexStreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compagnie_Marocaine_de_Navigation=Compagnie Marocaine de Navigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4cabling=4cabling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Aeronautical_Corporation=Southern Aeronautical Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucknow_Metro_Rail_Corporation=Lucknow Metro Rail Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Equality_Standard=National Equality Standard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Lab=Crash Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choo_Choo_Track_&_Toy_Co=Choo Choo Track & Toy Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southall_Travel=Southall Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haitoglou_Bros=Haitoglou Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_and_News_Network=Knowledge and News Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four-Pillars_Hotels=Four-Pillars Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revealed_Recordings=Revealed Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UMH_group=UMH group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EU-Japan_Centre_for_Industrial_Cooperation=EU-Japan Centre for Industrial Cooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AccessHolding=AccessHolding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Software=Rocket Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_Corporation=Line Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_the_Times_Publishing_Association=Signs of the Times Publishing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_Trader=Today Trader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merck_Consumer_Health=Merck Consumer Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roaring_Run_Resort=Roaring Run Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartolini_Pickups_and_Electronics=Bartolini Pickups and Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Property_Group=Hull Property Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Ward_Brooklyn=3rd Ward Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_Energy=Click Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Devices=Sound Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildsmith_Shoes=Wildsmith Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godden_Mackay_Logan=Godden Mackay Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrari_India=Ferrari India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FilmTack=FilmTack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Capital_Region_Transport_Corporation=National Capital Region Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sieur_d'Arques=Sieur d'Arques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haryana_Seeds_Development_Corporation=Haryana Seeds Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiki-PR_editing_of_Wikipedia=Wiki-PR editing of Wikipedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DEX_New_York=DEX New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AG_Real_Estate=AG Real Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Energy_Corporation=New Zealand Energy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorenz_Snack-World=Lorenz Snack-World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyndham_Capital_Mortgage=Wyndham Capital Mortgage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyatt_Roller_Bearing_Company=Hyatt Roller Bearing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parking_Spot=The Parking Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Pune=Ubisoft Pune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mushroom_Group=Mushroom Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openmatics=Openmatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGraw-Edison=McGraw-Edison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Majestic_Line=The Majestic Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_International_Water_&_Electric_Corporation=China International Water & Electric Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanelo=Wanelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixpo=Mixpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ItsOn=ItsOn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Impulse_Entertainment=Creative Impulse Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griswold_Manufacturing=Griswold Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wefunder=Wefunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyster_(company)=Oyster (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai-Liao_Power_Corporation=Mai-Liao Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAG_Oil=TAG Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermalogica=Dermalogica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CML_Microcircuits=CML Microcircuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Games_Studio=Wild Games Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studebaker-Worthington=Studebaker-Worthington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optelian=Optelian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexium_International=Alexium International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WORKetc=WORKetc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington_Corporation=Worthington Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warn_Industries=Warn Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington-Simpson=Worthington-Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZOOperstars!=ZOOperstars!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Willy's=Wild Willy's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squarespace=Squarespace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shasa=Shasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_Development_Company_Group=Hyundai Development Company Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playism=Playism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonga_Cable_System=Tonga Cable System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NVS_Telematic_Systems=NVS Telematic Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silgan_Holdings=Silgan Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axon_Sports=Axon Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Touch_Media=Red Touch Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ServiceMax=ServiceMax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingdao_Haili_Helicopters=Qingdao Haili Helicopters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softcat=Softcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_Helicopter_Investment_Co=Chongqing Helicopter Investment Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-Star_Creations=V-Star Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Front_TV=Back to Front TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemoxy_International_Ltd=Chemoxy International Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuneec_International=Yuneec International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoy_Auto_Trader=Pinoy Auto Trader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tegile_Systems=Tegile Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MWW_(company)=MWW (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigby_Group_PLC=Rigby Group PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Frame_Software_Communications=Main Frame Software Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Public_Retirement_System=Indiana Public Retirement System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Frontier_Capital_Ltd.=Asia Frontier Capital Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivino=Vivino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington_Mower_Company=Worthington Mower Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franco_Tosi_Meccanica_(FTM)=Franco Tosi Meccanica (FTM)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electraphonic_Recording=Electraphonic Recording
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comcast_Business=Comcast Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthington_Automobile_Company=Worthington Automobile Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventa=Adventa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobsen_Manufacturing=Jacobsen Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_&_Barbieri=Preston & Barbieri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIA-style.com=DIA-style.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho-Ping_Power_Company=Ho-Ping Power Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_Power_IPP_Co.,_Ltd.=Ever Power IPP Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Ba_Power_Corporation=Sun Ba Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snapplify=Snapplify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasim_Sdn_Bhd=Nasim Sdn Bhd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsin_Tao_Power_Corporation=Hsin Tao Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naza_Automotive_Manufacturing=Naza Automotive Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callicore_(studio)=Callicore (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krrb=Krrb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augmentation_industries=Augmentation industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_Brio_Restaurant_Group=Bravo Brio Restaurant Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Research_(cameras)=Vision Research (cameras)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founder.org=Founder.org
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sage_Metering=Sage Metering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PernixData=PernixData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strongloop=Strongloop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CreditorWatch=CreditorWatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skooba_Design=Skooba Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Rock_Holdings=Crystal Rock Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cucumbertown=Cucumbertown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlcoSense=AlcoSense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltari=Voltari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datcroft_Games=Datcroft Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infoblox=Infoblox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plotly=Plotly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Mathematicians=Dangerous Mathematicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarsaMaroc=MarsaMaroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_(GB)_PLC=Toyota (GB) PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_Republic=Nature Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Club_of_Financial_Directors=Russian Club of Financial Directors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heming_(company)=Heming (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundplate=Soundplate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRA_Health_Sciences=PRA Health Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AzQTel=AzQTel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HCentive=HCentive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trespass_(clothing)=Trespass (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BuyAutoParts.com=BuyAutoParts.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemens_Mexico=Siemens Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webydo=Webydo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirana_logistic_park=Tirana logistic park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shift_Communications=Shift Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_Investment_Company=Oasis Investment Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioTime=BioTime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Refining=Garfield Refining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seatek_SPa_diesels=Seatek SPa diesels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LA_Productions=LA Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyundai_EP=Hyundai EP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Association_of_Financial_Executives_Institutes=International Association of Financial Executives Institutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notion_Press=Notion Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundwave_(Music_Discovery)=Soundwave (Music Discovery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie_de_Silly=Brasserie de Silly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blount_Fine_Foods=Blount Fine Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidemark=Tidemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tony_Moly=Tony Moly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikanervala=Bikanervala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Has_it_Leaked=Has it Leaked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arms_Tech_Limited=Arms Tech Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarify_Op3nvoice=Clarify Op3nvoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadi_Scientific=Cadi Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubisoft_Motion_Pictures=Ubisoft Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PublicStuff=PublicStuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowboat_Film-_und_Fernsehproduktion=Rowboat Film- und Fernsehproduktion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tvyo=Tvyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engagor=Engagor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grouper_social_club=Grouper social club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Precious_Metals=Texas Precious Metals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARGOsearch=ARGOsearch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrandAds=BrandAds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Rock_Brewery_and_Alehouse=Triple Rock Brewery and Alehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F650_Pickups=F650 Pickups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DYRBERG/KERN=DYRBERG/KERN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotus_Group=Lotus Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midcoast_Regional_Redevelopment_Authority=Midcoast Regional Redevelopment Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_Lane_Music_Group=Memory Lane Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dm-drogerie_markt=Dm-drogerie markt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apcar_and_Company=Apcar and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gascoigne_Leather_Furniture=Gascoigne Leather Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CashCashPinoy=CashCashPinoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Packaging=Bright Packaging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Pharma=Leo Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovivo=Ovivo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckley_Broadcasting=Buckley Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Securitas_Services_d.o.o.=Securitas Services d.o.o.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CGC_Overseas_Construction_Group=CGC Overseas Construction Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(airline)=Aurora (airline)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yodle=Yodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majestic_Realty_Co.=Majestic Realty Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickford_Vehicle_Engineering=Tickford Vehicle Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qello=Qello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_Genome_Project=The Art Genome Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MongoLab=MongoLab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jardine,_Skinner_and_Company=Jardine, Skinner and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PA_Server_Monitor=PA Server Monitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyplay=Wyplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salarpuria_Sattva=Salarpuria Sattva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamaltransstroy=Yamaltransstroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Up_For_Ever=Make Up For Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JDB_Group=JDB Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QMobile=QMobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viva_Services=Viva Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AdamWorks=AdamWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CITS_Group_Corporation=CITS Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkmenfilm=Turkmenfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mocavo.com=Mocavo.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netwrix=Netwrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTS_Radio=NTS Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LendInvest=LendInvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff's_Variety_Store=Cliff's Variety Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scale_Venture_Partners=Scale Venture Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenn_Marine_Group=Glenn Marine Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotiboy=Rotiboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayer_Hoffman_McCann_P.C.=Mayer Hoffman McCann P.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchmate=Touchmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_JBG_Companies=The JBG Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansei_Technologies=Sansei Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elwis=Elwis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_Technology=Rubicon Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haandbryggeriet=Haandbryggeriet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_House_Data=Green House Data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennaton_Games=Dennaton Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matheson_&_Company=Matheson & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosegur=Prosegur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akfen_Holding=Akfen Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanwide_Expeditions=Oceanwide Expeditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_FloteBote=Harris FloteBote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egyptian_Starch,_Yeast_and_Detergents_Co.=The Egyptian Starch, Yeast and Detergents Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spire_(social_networking_service)=Spire (social networking service)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rev_Asia=Rev Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BillGuard=BillGuard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stern_Stewart_&_Co=Stern Stewart & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Dynamics_(global_asset_manager)=Capital Dynamics (global asset manager)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joule_Assets=Joule Assets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkson_plc=Clarkson plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simogo=Simogo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumio=Jumio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GeoOp=GeoOp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_Tribe=The Eye Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institute_for_Business_and_Social_Impact=Institute for Business and Social Impact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargaming_(company)=Wargaming (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HabitRPG=HabitRPG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navielektro=Navielektro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Vision_BV=Prime Vision BV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WIETC=WIETC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_Alfa=Banco Alfa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevation_Burger=Elevation Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ASBIS=ASBIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Rose_Herbs=Mountain Rose Herbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothenberg_Ventures=Rothenberg Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retail_Systems_Research=Retail Systems Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willer_Express=Willer Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E-cantonfair=E-cantonfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewells_Group=Sewells Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Capital_Reinsurance=Asia Capital Reinsurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touax_River_Barges=Touax River Barges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defense.Net=Defense.Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luch_(watch)=Luch (watch)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitstrips=Bitstrips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avella_Specialty_Pharmacy=Avella Specialty Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoFi_(Social_Finance_Inc.)=SoFi (Social Finance Inc.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Value_Partners_(asset_management)=Value Partners (asset management)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bike_Calgary=Bike Calgary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manoir_Industries=Manoir Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Bathrooms=Better Bathrooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modine_Manufacturing=Modine Manufacturing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enphase_Energy=Enphase Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARY_Films=ARY Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resources_Global_Professionals=Resources Global Professionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TPPD=TPPD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohta_Publishing=Ohta Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosport_Aircraft_Company=Gosport Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VEGAS.com=VEGAS.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevating_Entertainment_Motion_Pictures=Elevating Entertainment Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moka5=Moka5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somtel=Somtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Land_Development_Company=Israel Land Development Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_&_Vleminckx=Martin & Vleminckx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Molding_Technologies,_Inc=Core Molding Technologies, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeGood_Clothing=BeGood Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanguard_Properties=Vanguard Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invepar=Invepar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcos_Dorados_Holdings=Arcos Dorados Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-ReS!=Hi-ReS!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Geo-Engineering_Corporation=China Geo-Engineering Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Savings_Bank_of_Ukraine=State Savings Bank of Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Electric=Stanley Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Red_Cross_Society=Kenya Red Cross Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS-CBNmobile=ABS-CBNmobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Concrete,_Inc=U.S. Concrete, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisu_Terminal_Systems=Sisu Terminal Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulily=Zulily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rightscorp,_Inc.=Rightscorp, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Ceramics_Co=China Ceramics Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTC_China=BTC China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellwether_Pictures=Bellwether Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensions_Reserve_Fund_(France)=Pensions Reserve Fund (France)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardian_(company)=Ardian (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Heritage_Portal=Gandhi Heritage Portal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GloriaFX=GloriaFX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_Systems_Corporation=Clearwater Systems Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatley_(brand)=Hatley (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Lentjes=Doosan Lentjes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Norfolk_&_Dedham_Group=The Norfolk & Dedham Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rick_Bolus_High_Potential_%22Blue-Chip%22_Basketball_Camp=Rick Bolus High Potential "Blue-Chip" Basketball Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_Engineering=Paradox Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryborough_Military_and_Colonial_Museum=Maryborough Military and Colonial Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BALL_Watch_Company=BALL Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Materials=Eagle Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TXI=TXI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Wu_Yi=China Wu Yi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WPromote=WPromote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantawild=Fantawild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opple_Lighting=Opple Lighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiangxi_International=Jiangxi International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotels.nl=Hotels.nl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danaos_Management_Consultants=Danaos Management Consultants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_Realty=Rapid Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Yaohan=New Yaohan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valpak=Valpak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_Entertainment_Group=Ride Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PokerNews=PokerNews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stage_32=Stage 32
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexenta_Systems=Nexenta Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundo_Soberano_de_Angola=Fundo Soberano de Angola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huss_&_Dalton=Huss & Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skimlinks=Skimlinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solidoodle=Solidoodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globe-Trotter=Globe-Trotter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medeo_(app)=Medeo (app)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larson_International=Larson International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiki_Digital=Seiki Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Brewing_Company=Mammoth Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Petroleum_Company=Berry Petroleum Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatch_Mott_MacDonald=Hatch Mott MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Parks,_LLC=Premier Parks, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solve_(advertising_agency)=Solve (advertising agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiaSorin=DiaSorin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Duty_Free=World Duty Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colruyt_(supermarket)=Colruyt (supermarket)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Yet_Market=Best Yet Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CNH_Industrial=CNH Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Thomas_Engineering=James Thomas Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zello=Zello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/POC_Sports=POC Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stemco=Stemco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Core_Group=De Core Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PTT_Global_Chemical_Public_Company_Limited=PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infolink=Infolink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emiter=Emiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoreFiling=CoreFiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_State_Lunar_Lion_Team=Penn State Lunar Lion Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigitalMR=DigitalMR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Leasing=Deutsche Leasing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browns_Shoes=Browns Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_Capital=Opus Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paycom=Paycom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amana_Contracting_and_Steel_Buildings=Amana Contracting and Steel Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Hat_Company=International Hat Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offshore_Incorporations_Limited_Group=Offshore Incorporations Limited Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlterGeo=AlterGeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MajescoMastek=MajescoMastek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegion=Allegion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matari_Advertising=Matari Advertising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Labs=Planet Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callision=Callision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Enterprises=Lowe Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Furniture=One Way Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Television=Modern Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Green_(company)=Mr Green (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Gas_Revenue_Fund=Natural Gas Revenue Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hycor_Biomedical,_Inc.=Hycor Biomedical, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandrico=Vandrico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answer_Underground=Answer Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raheja_Developers=Raheja Developers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Personals=Global Personals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_International_Pakistan=Turner International Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainlab=Brainlab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uki_Workboat=Uki Workboat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puri_Jagannadh_Touring_Talkies=Puri Jagannadh Touring Talkies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataano=Mataano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikel_Coffee_Company=Mikel Coffee Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_(company)=Birthday (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MillenniumIT=MillenniumIT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eastern_Company=The Eastern Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hirsch_Bedner_Associates=Hirsch Bedner Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upslope_Brewing_Company=Upslope Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Simulation_Technology=Computer Simulation Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingo_Hypermarket=Bingo Hypermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_Technology_Academy=Hawaii Technology Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RNB_Research=RNB Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MatterHackers=MatterHackers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._H._Hobbs,_Brockunier_and_Company=J. H. Hobbs, Brockunier and Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NCI_Building_Systems=NCI Building Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JAB_Holding_Company=JAB Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShipWorks=ShipWorks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRFE_(fashion_house)=IRFE (fashion house)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiles_S.A.=Smiles S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PennyMac_Loan_Services=PennyMac Loan Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Maids_&_A_Mop=Two Maids & A Mop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LUTA_Sportswear=LUTA Sportswear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Drilling_International=Gulf Drilling International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajar=Pajar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caseable=Caseable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leading_Brands_Incorporation=Leading Brands Incorporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholesale_Furniture_Brokers=Wholesale Furniture Brokers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EntirelyPets=EntirelyPets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veidekke_Industry=Veidekke Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VCCircle=VCCircle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlesinger_Associates=Schlesinger Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Works_Applications=Works Applications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniphos=Uniphos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Domaines_Agricoles=Les Domaines Agricoles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rottet_Studio=Rottet Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olmstead_Williams_Communications=Olmstead Williams Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uber_Entertainment=Uber Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zmaj_aircraft=Zmaj aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomanini=Nomanini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProEvents=ProEvents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Optimove=Optimove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_India_Private_Limited=Sony India Private Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telexfree=Telexfree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Responsibletravel.com=Responsibletravel.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CompX_International=CompX International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breo=Breo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenton_Hills_Porcelains=Kenton Hills Porcelains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabe_Rawit_Marketing_Communications=Cabe Rawit Marketing Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AccuSystems=AccuSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clair_Brothers=Clair Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AltJapan_Co.,_Ltd.=AltJapan Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Twin_Brewing=Evil Twin Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indomaret=Indomaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuman_&_Esser=Neuman & Esser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forte_Oil_PLC=Forte Oil PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entropic_Communications=Entropic Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Data_Age=Data Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trackdown_Digital=Trackdown Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PT_Wunderman_Pamungkas_Indonesia=PT Wunderman Pamungkas Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HYT_(watchmaker)=HYT (watchmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relevante=Relevante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firesprite=Firesprite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InvoCare=InvoCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erixx=Erixx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BlueLine_Grid=BlueLine Grid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StorTrends=StorTrends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphire_Group=Sapphire Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bisk_Farm=Bisk Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RoboCoaster=RoboCoaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medindia=Medindia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadant=Kadant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Check=Africa Check
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FSI_International=FSI International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_&_Pine_Land_Company_of_Mississippi=Delta & Pine Land Company of Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actian=Actian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_SecDev_Group=The SecDev Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Bioscience=Harvard Bioscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takaud_Savings_and_Pensions_B.S.C.=Takaud Savings and Pensions B.S.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duc_d'O=Duc d'O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libramatic=Libramatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taleveras=Taleveras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyuan_Heavy=Taiyuan Heavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Fuel_Inc.=Rocket Fuel Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Film_Corporation=Aurora Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Local=Bell Local
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPawn=IPawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilever_Bangladesh_Limited=Unilever Bangladesh Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudong-Zhonghua_Shipbuilding=Hudong-Zhonghua Shipbuilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticket_Liquidator=Ticket Liquidator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharkhana_Zinda_Tilismath=Kharkhana Zinda Tilismath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyderabad_Deccan_Cigarette_Factory=Hyderabad Deccan Cigarette Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchtverkeersleiding_Nederland=Luchtverkeersleiding Nederland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Signal_Processing_by_Vecima=Spectrum Signal Processing by Vecima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OrderUp=OrderUp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PureWow=PureWow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_Radar=US Radar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dish_Home=Dish Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foscam=Foscam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saif_Group=Saif Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecoult=Ecoult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COSMED=COSMED
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger_King_Israel=Burger King Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yali_Dream_Creations=Yali Dream Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwikdesk=Kwikdesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Corporation=Taylor Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidon_Expeditions=Poseidon Expeditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radar_Music_Videos=Radar Music Videos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks_Automation=Brooks Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiler_Room_(music_project)=Boiler Room (music project)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_Alien=Boss Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhejiang_Radio_and_Television_Group=Zhejiang Radio and Television Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CST_Brands=CST Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Street_Productions=Temple Street Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreedomPlus=FreedomPlus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Atom_Games=Mad Atom Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Group=European Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playdek=Playdek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFO_Moviez=UFO Moviez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Diplomacy=Sound Diplomacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FreeCast_(company)=FreeCast (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowroute=Flowroute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialexia=Dialexia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahari_Music=Lahari Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spot_blue_international_property=Spot blue international property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EcoZoom=EcoZoom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavendish_Pianos=Cavendish Pianos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Press_Play_(company)=Press Play (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paige's_Music=Paige's Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emaar_MGF=Emaar MGF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_8_Studio=Room 8 Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandahlsbolagen=Sandahlsbolagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BiZZdesign=BiZZdesign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zynex=Zynex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tired_Hands_Brewing_Company=Tired Hands Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CECO_Environmental=CECO Environmental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gander_Mountain=Gander Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Insight=Cirrus Insight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affiliate_Window=Affiliate Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bo-Dyn_Bobsled_Project=Bo-Dyn Bobsled Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St-Just_Aviation=St-Just Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceylon_Tobacco_Company=Ceylon Tobacco Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wijeya_Newspapers=Wijeya Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upali_Newspapers=Upali Newspapers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Marketing_Research_Centre=European Marketing Research Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewa_Air=Ewa Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_Jio_Infocomm=Reliance Jio Infocomm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emcas=Emcas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterQuest_Group_plc=InterQuest Group plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narayana_Health=Narayana Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Machinery_Engineering_Corporation=China Machinery Engineering Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Lighting_ERC=Smart Lighting ERC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare_Necessities_(company)=Bare Necessities (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russell_Brewing_Company=Russell Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mt._Begbie_Brewing_Company=Mt. Begbie Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synergy_Marine_Group=Synergy Marine Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Filmworks=Friday Filmworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekunjalo_Investments=Sekunjalo Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_(website)=Forever (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanaka_Kikinzoku=Tanaka Kikinzoku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieschke_Hofmann_und_Partner=Mieschke Hofmann und Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumbay_Group=Thumbay Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovam=Sovam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudhsagar_Dairy=Dudhsagar Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Millennia_Partners=Boston Millennia Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brummer_Gallery_(New_York)=Brummer Gallery (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Union_of_Somali_Journalists=National Union of Somali Journalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architectus=Architectus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comptoir_des_Cotonniers=Comptoir des Cotonniers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canary,_LLC=Canary, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyoza_no_Ohsho=Gyoza no Ohsho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revision3=Revision3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Western_Iron_and_Steel_Company=Great Western Iron and Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Dairies=Lakeland Dairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plesner_(law_firm)=Plesner (law firm)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bech-Bruun=Bech-Bruun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronics_Max-Viz=Astronics Max-Viz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_Network=Breakfast Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GSM_Nation=GSM Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSG_International=CSG International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_Pharmaceuticals=Jazz Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shriram_City_Union_Finance=Shriram City Union Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HellermannTyton=HellermannTyton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exterran_Holdings=Exterran Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle_Genetics=Seattle Genetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BuildDirect=BuildDirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_George_(restaurant_chain)=Chicken George (restaurant chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Cruises_Western_Australia=Captain Cook Cruises Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Machines_s.r.o.=Flying Machines s.r.o.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barburrito=Barburrito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Yuchai_International=China Yuchai International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wand_Company=The Wand Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agma_Lahlou-Tazi=Agma Lahlou-Tazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wafa_Assurance=Wafa Assurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathberry_of_Scotland=Strathberry of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autokoritehdas=Autokoritehdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autoteollisuus-Bilindustri=Autoteollisuus-Bilindustri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concarril=Concarril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_(online_retailer)=Very (online retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PreTesting_Company=PreTesting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variety_Wholesalers=Variety Wholesalers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Pousadas_Brazil=Hidden Pousadas Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hako_GmbH=Hako GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimowa=Rimowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_Lawyers=Shine Lawyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Medical_Systems_International,_Inc._(IMS)=Integrated Medical Systems International, Inc. (IMS)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EquityNet=EquityNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thimble_Island_Brewing_Co=Thimble Island Brewing Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fruit_Company=The Fruit Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Fiber_Optic_Products=Alliance Fiber Optic Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Nuclear_Investment_Company_Limited=Hong Kong Nuclear Investment Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OPKO_Health=OPKO Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZettaGrid=ZettaGrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZettaNet=ZettaNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tissuemed=Tissuemed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Free_Entertainment=Born Free Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macao_Water=Macao Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Biotech=American Biotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Tyres_and_Autocare=National Tyres and Autocare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksons_(department_store)=Jacksons (department store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StorageMart=StorageMart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intersect_ENT=Intersect ENT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskew+Dumez+Ripple=Eskew+Dumez+Ripple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lerche_(studio)=Lerche (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Tech=Reed Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOSS_(company)=MOSS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fill-in-Cafe=Fill-in-Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_World=Fox World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Lab=Fox Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Business_(company)=Snow Business (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halikarnas_Financial_Services_and_Advisory=Halikarnas Financial Services and Advisory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIGOL_Technologies=RIGOL Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChemChina=ChemChina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Lakes_Brewery_(Toronto)=Great Lakes Brewery (Toronto)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Show_Network=Spirit Show Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payden_&_Rygel=Payden & Rygel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albatron_Technology=Albatron Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultimaker=Ultimaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xero_Shoes=Xero Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lansing_Trade_Group,_LLC=Lansing Trade Group, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALFA_International=ALFA International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatime=Chatime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunker_Aircraft_Company=Yunker Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renatus_(game_publishing_company)=Renatus (game publishing company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pixelworks=Pixelworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_on_Nation=Game on Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jun_Group=Jun Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honda_Aero=Honda Aero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mestemacher=Mestemacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Giant_Entertainment=Red Giant Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veganz=Veganz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infusionsoft=Infusionsoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Grand_Building=Liberty Grand Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSI_Translation_&_Subtitling_BV=VSI Translation & Subtitling BV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Grand_Entertainment_Complex=Liberty Grand Entertainment Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qingjian_Group=Qingjian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FENOX_Venture_Capital=FENOX Venture Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screen_Junkies=Screen Junkies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuzheng=Wuzheng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TouchBistro_Inc.=TouchBistro Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warehouse_Economy_Outlet=Warehouse Economy Outlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Department_of_Electrical_Services=Department of Electrical Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddicare=Kiddicare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaNama=MediaNama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_Aircraft_Corporation=Historical Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EyeBuyDirect=EyeBuyDirect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Council_of_Management_Consulting_Institutes=International Council of Management Consulting Institutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CinemaSins=CinemaSins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signority=Signority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carr,_Riggs_&_Ingram,_LLC=Carr, Riggs & Ingram, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C-Station=C-Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Diamond_Cancer_Foundation=Jennifer Diamond Cancer Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Plate_Entertainment=Home Plate Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rane_Group_of_Companies=The Rane Group of Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahoo!_(company)=Wahoo! (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NZXT_Corp.=NZXT Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugsense=Bugsense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestone_Natural_Rubber_Company=Firestone Natural Rubber Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protea_Hotels=Protea Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holp_Shuppan=Holp Shuppan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail-Veyor=Rail-Veyor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_DSP=Spirit DSP
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tactical_Air_Support,_Inc.=Tactical Air Support, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Leaves_and_a_Bud_(Tea_Company)=Two Leaves and a Bud (Tea Company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizzoli_Bookstore=Rizzoli Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KD_Transportation_Group=KD Transportation Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Po'_Folks_(restaurant)=Po' Folks (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enevo=Enevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Music_India=Universal Music India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Dalian_International_Economic_and_Technical_Cooperation_Group=China Dalian International Economic and Technical Cooperation Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OliverMcMillan=OliverMcMillan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_City_Initiative=New City Initiative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lapido_Media=Lapido Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funmedia=Funmedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keysight=Keysight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtasker=Airtasker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Brothers=Edgar Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet.org=Internet.org
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sansum_Clinic=Sansum Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAMCO=SAMCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenGov=OpenGov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawwal_Telecom=Jawwal Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plextek_RF_Integration=Plextek RF Integration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlbChrome=AlbChrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Nuclear_Labs=Phoenix Nuclear Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Aluminum_International_Engineering=China Aluminum International Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Race_Cars=West Race Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SilkRoad,_Inc.=SilkRoad, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Sudan_Beverages_Limited=Southern Sudan Beverages Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fryer's=Fryer's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VB_Pictures=VB Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Water_Corporation=Taiwan Water Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Discovery=Horizon Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Supplies_Department=Water Supplies Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NeoTrans_Co._Ltd.=NeoTrans Co. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEA_Global=LEA Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pequignet=Pequignet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chantelle_(lingerie)=Chantelle (lingerie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianyi_Film_Company=Tianyi Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Metal_Products=Crown Metal Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_State_Electricity_Distribution_Company=West Bengal State Electricity Distribution Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energoinvest=Energoinvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_Electric_Vehicle=Z Electric Vehicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_International_Construction_Corporation=Chongqing International Construction Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paymentwall=Paymentwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfish=Superfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Heal=Quick Heal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YinzCam=YinzCam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulsatcom=Bulsatcom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blizoo=Blizoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRIST=CRIST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guaranty_Bank_&_Trust=Guaranty Bank & Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sciencescape=Sciencescape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenply=Greenply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Centre_Alexandria=City Centre Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumia=Jumia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_and_Now_(retailer)=Then and Now (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Association_of_Accredited_Mortgage_Professionals=Canadian Association of Accredited Mortgage Professionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Handlowy=Bank Handlowy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotap=Cotap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lithuanian_Electricity_Distribution_Network_Operator=Lithuanian Electricity Distribution Network Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impala_SAS=Impala SAS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takipi=Takipi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop_Farm=Pop Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liligo.com=Liligo.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbitel_(Colombian_company)=Orbitel (Colombian company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover.ly=Lover.ly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutch_Game_Garden=Dutch Game Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradigm_Partners=Paradigm Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Park_Ecology_Society=Stanley Park Ecology Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realta_Entertainment_Group=Realta Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Holidays=Magic Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukoil_Baltija=Lukoil Baltija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palink=Palink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid_Motorsport_Development=Fluid Motorsport Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Vehicle_Rental_and_Leasing_Association=British Vehicle Rental and Leasing Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techreturns=Techreturns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Pratt_Co=Henry Pratt Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NativeX=NativeX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrahealth_Systems_Limited=Intrahealth Systems Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asian_Sponsorship_Association=Asian Sponsorship Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monotaro=Monotaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Lanka_Sustainable_Energy_Authority=Sri Lanka Sustainable Energy Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_Financial=Rule Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P&L_Transportation=P&L Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airpush=Airpush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrome_Entertainment=Chrome Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Integrated_Telecom_Company=Integrated Telecom Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitarmonk_Records=Guitarmonk Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specular_Interactive=Specular Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akebono_Brake_Industry=Akebono Brake Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HungryGoWhere=HungryGoWhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinlet=Spinlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Street_Arts_Collective=Franklin Street Arts Collective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sealevel_Systems=Sealevel Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairwild=Fairwild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanguangshi=Yanguangshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qontis=Qontis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamelab=Gamelab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro-Dynamic_Company=Electro-Dynamic Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plamil_Foods=Plamil Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirHelp=AirHelp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinki_Bus=Shinki Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Electric_Supply_Company_Limited=Dhaka Electric Supply Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Schmidt_Brewing_Company=Jacob Schmidt Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsche_Arbeitsgemeinschaft_zum_Schutz_der_Eulen=Deutsche Arbeitsgemeinschaft zum Schutz der Eulen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xolo_(company)=Xolo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitt_&_Bond=Waitt & Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_Vacations=Vida Vacations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LandFighter=LandFighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Hit_Entertainment=Big Hit Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tengbomgruppen=Tengbomgruppen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antlabs=Antlabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colchester_Racing_Developments=Colchester Racing Developments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Breweries_Plc=International Breweries Plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_cymbals=Crescent cymbals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Element_electronics=Element electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matajer_Malls=Matajer Malls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpectreVision=SpectreVision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica_Vinader_Ltd=Monica Vinader Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micropolix=Micropolix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamster_Corporation=Hamster Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platfora=Platfora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophidea=Sophidea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RadPad=RadPad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartan_Communications=Spartan Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Options_Associates=Chicago Options Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TreeRing=TreeRing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EADS=EADS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mansfield=Thomas Mansfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KORE_Wireless=KORE Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VingCard_Elsafe=VingCard Elsafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda.com,_Inc.=Lynda.com, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutro_Biopharma=Sutro Biopharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intafact_Beverages_Limited=Intafact Beverages Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UrgentRx=UrgentRx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Counsellors=Travel Counsellors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Centre=Venus Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Key=Room Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qloo=Qloo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advancing_Women_Artists_Foundation=Advancing Women Artists Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelly_(app)=Jelly (app)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Valley_Hospital_(Arizona)=Paradise Valley Hospital (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_Capital=Spark Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Electrochemical_Corp=Park Electrochemical Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napco_Security_Technologies,_Inc.=Napco Security Technologies, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystim=Mystim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safeway_(Canada)=Safeway (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleby_Corporation=Middleby Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homejoy=Homejoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sichuan_Radio_and_Television=Sichuan Radio and Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tep_Wireless=Tep Wireless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Recycling_Energy_Corporation=China Recycling Energy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrowhead_Game_Studios=Arrowhead Game Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongmei=Zhongmei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehni_AG=Lehni AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mena_Media_Consulting=Mena Media Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janet_TV=Janet TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscuiteers=Biscuiteers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viamedia,_Inc.=Viamedia, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiral_Administration=Admiral Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unilife=Unilife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOFILM=MOFILM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemist_Direct=Chemist Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingo_Inc.=Dingo Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneflare=Oneflare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSSC_Labs=PSSC Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Downey=Team Downey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Pacific_Industries=Sierra Pacific Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedicineNet=MedicineNet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skow_for_Girlfriends_Films=Skow for Girlfriends Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazakhstan_Radio_and_Television_Corporation=Kazakhstan Radio and Television Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TakeLessons=TakeLessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PB_Swiss_Tools=PB Swiss Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Apollo_Co.,_Ltd.=Gold Apollo Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kustom_(footwear)=Kustom (footwear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_Research_Limited=Programming Research Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comverse=Comverse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craneballs_Studio=Craneballs Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theranos=Theranos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_Capellino=Ally Capellino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sechaba_Brewery_Holdings=Sechaba Brewery Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Serf=Robert Serf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ONE_Gas=ONE Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiat_Chrysler_Automobiles=Fiat Chrysler Automobiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingle=Bingle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MagicBricks=MagicBricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammann_Group=Ammann Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Pilling_and_Sons=John Pilling and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adallom=Adallom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandlive=Brandlive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacari_Chocolate=Pacari Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kookaburra_bats=Kookaburra bats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jackson_Food_Group=William Jackson Food Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RxList=RxList
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CBE_Software=CBE Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Class_Capital_Group=World Class Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninja_Kiwi=Ninja Kiwi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bengal_Housing_Infrastructure_Development_Corporation=West Bengal Housing Infrastructure Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._Gerstner_&_Sons=H. Gerstner & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saudia_Aerospace_Engineering_Industries=Saudia Aerospace Engineering Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codenvy=Codenvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkway_Properties=Parkway Properties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziferblat=Ziferblat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsay_Health_Care=Ramsay Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanowa=Hanowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Certified_Burgers=Hero Certified Burgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_Frog_Films=Leap Frog Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamudi=Lamudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LLamasoft=LLamasoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prouds=Prouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldmark_Jeweller=Goldmark Jeweller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Bishop_(company)=Wallace Bishop (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_&_Coote=Angus & Coote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assurity_Life_Insurance_Company=Assurity Life Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Areia_Creations_Global_Entertainment=Areia Creations Global Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidec-Shimpo_America_Corporation=Nidec-Shimpo America Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Knowledge_Systems=Zero Knowledge Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BodyMap=BodyMap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederick_Loeser_&_Co.=Frederick Loeser & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamjar_Investments=Jamjar Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIGER=SIGER
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managem=Managem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creditinfo=Creditinfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ADASTRA_Films=ADASTRA Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puri_Sangeet=Puri Sangeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Directi=Directi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qute_(company)=Qute (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quaker_Chemical_Corporation=Quaker Chemical Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonasid=Sonasid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmalade_Skies=Marmalade Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeenVerified=BeenVerified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniqa_Insurance_Group=Uniqa Insurance Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depomed=Depomed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercontinental_Real_Estate_Corporation=Intercontinental Real Estate Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skillshare=Skillshare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Velvet=I Love Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Raft_Brewing=Great Raft Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pizza_Studio=The Pizza Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NTS_GmbH=NTS GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iteris=Iteris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PricePanda=PricePanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citi_orient_securities=Citi orient securities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timable=Timable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_Distillery=Games Distillery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProductiveMuslim=ProductiveMuslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5.11_Tactical=5.11 Tactical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IEC_Electronics=IEC Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi-Tec_Sports=Hi-Tec Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graffiti_Kings=Graffiti Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiduciary_Institute_of_Southern_Africa=Fiduciary Institute of Southern Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrice_Soda_Products=Penrice Soda Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metcalfe's_Food_Company=Metcalfe's Food Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renown_Health=Renown Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chukong_Technologies=Chukong Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SatCon_Technology_Corporation=SatCon Technology Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TKK_Fried_Chicken=TKK Fried Chicken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slidely=Slidely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corcept_Therapeutics=Corcept Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosper_De_Mulder_Group=Prosper De Mulder Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultra_Super_Pictures=Ultra Super Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SL_Industries=SL Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Froiz=Froiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xperience_Days=Xperience Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMAG_Pharmaceuticals=AMAG Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minky=Minky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdinando_Marinelli_Artistic_Foundry=Ferdinando Marinelli Artistic Foundry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artha_Group=Artha Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downton_Brewery=Downton Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubin_(company)=Rubin (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambrook's_Brewery=Sambrook's Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Logic_Ltd.=Scott Logic Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongding=Zhongding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciQuest=SciQuest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Town_Brewery=Camden Town Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafarge_(company)=Lafarge (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nic.at=Nic.at
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIMA-Violet=SIMA-Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stir_Crazy_Thane=Stir Crazy Thane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspian_Telecom=Caspian Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acura_Pharmaceuticals=Acura Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gea_world=Gea world
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potato_(production_company)=Potato (production company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton_Hi-Tech_Industries_Limited=Walton Hi-Tech Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexage=Hexage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OTB_Group=OTB Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royale_Racing=Royale Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joker's_Closet=Joker's Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chooks-to-Go=Chooks-to-Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEMET_Corporation=KEMET Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telik=Telik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selex_Competition=Selex Competition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanjian_Group=Yanjian Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hea_Film=Hea Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin_(automobile)=Benjamin (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Brown_Automotive=David Brown Automotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day-Elder=Day-Elder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siliconware_Precision_Industries=Siliconware Precision Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zameen.com=Zameen.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbits_Foot_Meadery=Rabbits Foot Meadery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie_de_la_Couronne=Brasserie de la Couronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durban_People_Mover=Durban People Mover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DataRank=DataRank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momentum_Adventure=Momentum Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insignia_Systems,_Inc.=Insignia Systems, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoka_One_One=Hoka One One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Workshop_School=The Workshop School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerome's=Jerome's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OnePlus=OnePlus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NGEF=NGEF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilco_AG=Wilco AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecaplast_Group=Mecaplast Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galba_(automobile)=Galba (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowlmor_AMF=Bowlmor AMF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxim_Motors=Maxim Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_Capital=Drive Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacarello's=Sacarello's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nitrogen_Company=Terra Nitrogen Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlay_Forest_Industries=Finlay Forest Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Entertainment_World=Next Entertainment World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hispakart=Hispakart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arise_India=Arise India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villard_(automobile/cyclecar)=Villard (automobile/cyclecar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantalit=Tantalit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundrise=Fundrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackinac_Financial_Corporation=Mackinac Financial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninetowns_Internet_Technology_Group=Ninetowns Internet Technology Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DIC_Corporation=DIC Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Laboratories_Inc=Discovery Laboratories Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockwell_Medical=Rockwell Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Woolen_Mills=Portland Woolen Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Th._Schneider=Th. Schneider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cato_Corporation=Cato Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Motorcoach_Corporation=Beaver Motorcoach Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaunchCode=LaunchCode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter_Culture_Coffee=Counter Culture Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_One_International=Alliance One International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralna_energoremontna_baza=Centralna energoremontna baza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bioderma=Bioderma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianyin_Pharmaceutical=Tianyin Pharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hometalk=Hometalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberbank=Liberbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerSteering=PowerSteering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernandi=Vernandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartUse=SmartUse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MidBoss=MidBoss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indix=Indix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocify=Velocify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abantia=Abantia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedInvestTrade=MedInvestTrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohmann_&_Rauscher=Lohmann & Rauscher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andatee_China_Marine_Fuel=Andatee China Marine Fuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Dhabi_Film_Commission=Abu Dhabi Film Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_&_Counties_Bank=Cambridge & Counties Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breton_(company)=Breton (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaccaria_(company)=Zaccaria (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VSI_Berlin_GmbH=VSI Berlin GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligrated=Intelligrated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isochem_company=Isochem company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermorel=Vermorel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dal_Negro=Dal Negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mack-Cali_Realty_Corporation=Mack-Cali Realty Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMCON_Distributing=AMCON Distributing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPS_Commerce=SPS Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affirmative_Insurance=Affirmative Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingstone_Companies=Kingstone Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unitil_Corporation=Unitil Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Commercial_Credit=Global Commercial Credit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi7_Records=Mi7 Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safari_Motorcoach_Corporation=Safari Motorcoach Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRS_Resources=BRS Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuar_(automobile)=Tuar (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_Autosport=Bavarian Autosport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShowClix=ShowClix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Services_Inc.=Waste Services Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vupen=Vupen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veritas_AG=Veritas AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zix_Corp=Zix Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFP_Technologies=UFP Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ku6_Media=Ku6 Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_City_Group=Park City Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanzigen=Sanzigen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Diesel_Technologies=Clean Diesel Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EPlus_Inc=EPlus Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreyos=Kreyos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SJW_Corp=SJW Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Vermont_Public_Service=Central Vermont Public Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niska_Gas_Storage_Partners=Niska Gas Storage Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullitt_Group=Bullitt Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RenaissanceRe=RenaissanceRe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AXIS_Capital=AXIS Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audiomachine=Audiomachine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syarikat_Air_Johor=Syarikat Air Johor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syarikat_Air_Negeri_Sembilan=Syarikat Air Negeri Sembilan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syarikat_Air_Melaka=Syarikat Air Melaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penang_Water_Supply_Corporation=Penang Water Supply Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namakkal_Transport_Carriers=Namakkal Transport Carriers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeiller_&_Fournier=Zeiller & Fournier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroad_Acquisition_Holdings=Railroad Acquisition Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Tango=Project Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Wire_&_Cable=Houston Wire & Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InfoSonics_Corporation=InfoSonics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Tune_Camp=J. Tune Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schleicher_Electronic=Schleicher Electronic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Tomography_Systems=Industrial Tomography Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiders_(developer)=Spiders (developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose_Pyrotechnics=Melrose Pyrotechnics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReachLocal=ReachLocal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calavo_Growers=Calavo Growers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futuro_Forestal_S.A.=Futuro Forestal S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIFCO_Industries=SIFCO Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigade_Group_(Developer)=Brigade Group (Developer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davidson_Kempner_Capital_Management=Davidson Kempner Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Earth=Brilliant Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crexendo=Crexendo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newpark_Resources=Newpark Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jobes_Milling_Company=Jobes Milling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Tower_Studios=Black Tower Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MWI_Veterinary_Supply=MWI Veterinary Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collectors_Universe=Collectors Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_States_Water=American States Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nile_Rural_Electrification_Company=West Nile Rural Electrification Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EMCO_Wheaton=EMCO Wheaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My-Tv=My-Tv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QubicaAMF_Worldwide=QubicaAMF Worldwide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uchaly_Mining_and_Metallurgical_Combine=Uchaly Mining and Metallurgical Combine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lengipromez=Lengipromez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamonde=Mamonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolution_(talent_agency)=Resolution (talent agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive_eO=Drive eO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naseej=Naseej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellie_Mae=Ellie Mae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proximo_Spirits=Proximo Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltik_vairas=Baltik vairas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energoprojekt_holding=Energoprojekt holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sceneric=Sceneric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Lifespace_Developers=Mahindra Lifespace Developers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NIC_Inc.=NIC Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_Sciences_Inc.=Vision Sciences Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Telecoms_Limited=United Telecoms Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copano_Energy=Copano Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Designs=Focus Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinot-Deguingand=Vinot-Deguingand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piedmont_Natural_Gas=Piedmont Natural Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Themodmin=Themodmin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Lukes_Guitars=Joseph Lukes Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Aircraft=Storm Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Geothermal=U.S. Geothermal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Pars=Renault Pars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbite_Aluminae=Orbite Aluminae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InfiLaw_System=InfiLaw System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TyumenNIIgiprogas=TyumenNIIgiprogas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economical_Printing_Press_in_Dubai=The Economical Printing Press in Dubai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FuelCell_Energy=FuelCell Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonder_Tongue_Labs=Blonder Tongue Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phazar_Corp.=Phazar Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Automotive_Technologies=Cobra Automotive Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitamix=Vitamix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deguingand=Deguingand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clipper_tea=Clipper tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimberly_Allison_Tong_&_Goo=Wimberly Allison Tong & Goo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BBC_Chartering=BBC Chartering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareo=Kareo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BroadSoft=BroadSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versar=Versar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ServedBy_The_Net=ServedBy The Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleetcor=Fleetcor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Force_Championship=Desert Force Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zott_(dairy_company)=Zott (dairy company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interprint=Interprint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magoxy_Infra_Pvt_Ltd=Magoxy Infra Pvt Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polarcus=Polarcus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DealNews=DealNews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devassa_by_Playboy=Devassa by Playboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyamoto_International=Miyamoto International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TAL_International_Group=TAL International Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LPP_(company)=LPP (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Via_Roma=Luisa Via Roma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_World_Systems=New World Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boryszew_(company)=Boryszew (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goophone=Goophone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Charge_Networks=Green Charge Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_House_Studio=Random House Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransCentury_Investments=TransCentury Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Roast_Records=Slow Roast Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocheford_&_Gould=Rocheford & Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Continucare_Corporation=Continucare Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tungaloy_Corporation=Tungaloy Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quidel_Corporation=Quidel Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLOC_Hotels=BLOC Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerillion=Cerillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FutureFuel=FutureFuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelving,_Inc.=Shelving, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Systems=Quality Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_Instant_Video_UK=Amazon Instant Video UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skweez_Media=Skweez Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PCRUSH=PCRUSH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dell_Software=Dell Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atul_(company)=Atul (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernst_Kaps_Piano_Fabrik=Ernst Kaps Piano Fabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_games=Elephant games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taro_Pharmaceuticals=Taro Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Material_Sciences_Corporation=Material Sciences Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCISYS=SCISYS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Holdings=HMS Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaches_Resorts=Beaches Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easco_Hand_Tools=Easco Hand Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moniker_Guitars=Moniker Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patreon=Patreon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medtech_(robotic_surgery)=Medtech (robotic surgery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimson_(bicycles)=Gimson (bicycles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironwood_Pharmaceuticals=Ironwood Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lennauchfilm=Lennauchfilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mednax=Mednax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conde_Nast_Entertainment=Conde Nast Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worth_Ave._Group=Worth Ave. Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LifePoint_Hospitals=LifePoint Hospitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuken_Europe=Yuken Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbins_&_Myers=Robbins & Myers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetCare=MetCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Cabinet_Makers=Bath Cabinet Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Healthcare_Corp.=National Healthcare Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finest_City_Improv=Finest City Improv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeltiq_Aesthetics=Zeltiq Aesthetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organovo=Organovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powa_Technologies=Powa Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRIVO=PRIVO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper_Holmes=Hooper Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tootsa_MacGinty=Tootsa MacGinty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nippon_Cable=Nippon Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portwest=Portwest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estudio_Haini=Estudio Haini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_Foods=Bubba Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LemonFree.com=LemonFree.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palfinger_Marine=Palfinger Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unframe=Unframe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HI-LEX=HI-LEX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MFRI=MFRI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattson_Technology=Mattson Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kgalagadi_Breweries_Limited=Kgalagadi Breweries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildfang=Wildfang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwingu=Uwingu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BACtrack=BACtrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Brewery,_New_Mexico=Marble Brewery, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willdan_Group=Willdan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DJO_Global=DJO Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarcor=Clarcor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dainippon_Screen=Dainippon Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_International=Triumph International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UrbanSitter=UrbanSitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCgroup=CCgroup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wideo.co=Wideo.co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majola=Majola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rail_Europe,_Inc.=Rail Europe, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThreatMetrix=ThreatMetrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonalika_Group=Sonalika Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Grounds=Fair Grounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimmeys=Dimmeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breeze-Eastern=Breeze-Eastern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roche_Bobois=Roche Bobois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nantucket_Project=The Nantucket Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UberOffices=UberOffices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yidio=Yidio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SchedMD=SchedMD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgian_Co-Investment_Fund=Georgian Co-Investment Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montsame=Montsame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balloom=Balloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmel_(company)=Carmel (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franz_Haniel_&_Cie.=Franz Haniel & Cie.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGo_Inc=IGo Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daito_Trust_Construction=Daito Trust Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_Data_Labs=Alpine Data Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawel_(company)=Wawel (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland_Industries=Lakeland Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirona_Dental_Systems=Sirona Dental Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ImmunoGen=ImmunoGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C&E=C&E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRS_Iberia/Maroc=FRS Iberia/Maroc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cepheid_Inc=Cepheid Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTU_International=BTU International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neogen=Neogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheFrenchCellar=TheFrenchCellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IsoRay=IsoRay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textainer_Group_Holdings=Textainer Group Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ve_Interactive=Ve Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airsynergy=Airsynergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unhaggle=Unhaggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BirthdayExpress.com=BirthdayExpress.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argo_Group=Argo Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veeam_Software=Veeam Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belron=Belron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consulegis=Consulegis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_(carsharing)=Zoom (carsharing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robo_3D=Robo 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_(website)=Splash (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prostate_Cancer_Foundation_of_Australia=Prostate Cancer Foundation of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automobiles_Lombard=Automobiles Lombard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_International=Houghton International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmudi=Carmudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P3_group=P3 group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calistoga_Spa_Hot_Springs=Calistoga Spa Hot Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Technologies_(India)=Life Technologies (India)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_Films=Om Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trulioo=Trulioo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutanix=Nutanix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hersha_Hospitality_Trust=Hersha Hospitality Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PonoMusic=PonoMusic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian-British_Chamber_of_Commerce=Norwegian-British Chamber of Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_International_Ports_Corporation=Taiwan International Ports Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synchrony_Financial=Synchrony Financial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milly_(fashion_brand)=Milly (fashion brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grilled_Cheese_Truck=The Grilled Cheese Truck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Register_Quality_Systems=Indian Register Quality Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holm_&_Molzen=Holm & Molzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomato_(design_collective)=Tomato (design collective)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtu_Ferries=Virtu Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argosy_Book_Store=Argosy Book Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arvind_Limited=Arvind Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Chenard=Louis Chenard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UsedSoft=UsedSoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximag=Maximag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storenvy=Storenvy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mommy's_Bliss=Mommy's Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticketfly=Ticketfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messier_(automobile)=Messier (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textron_Aviation=Textron Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanden_Corporation=Sanden Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REX_American_Resources=REX American Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chornomornaftogaz=Chornomornaftogaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repligen=Repligen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nextar_Therapeutics=Nextar Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_Bioscience=Meridian Bioscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monotrace_(automobile)=Monotrace (automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Chemicals_Limited=Quality Chemicals Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synairgie=Synairgie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenskart=Lenskart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitcham_Industries=Mitcham Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Every_Woman_Wants_(retail_chain)=What Every Woman Wants (retail chain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performance_Technologies=Performance Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MediaCore=MediaCore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SRS_Cinemas=SRS Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humming_Heads=Humming Heads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Research_Corporation=National Research Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octo_(Automobile)=Octo (Automobile)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedicAnimal=MedicAnimal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HelioPower=HelioPower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_National_Oil_Company=Uganda National Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tablo_(DVR)=Tablo (DVR)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adena_Springs=Adena Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thyme_Maternity=Thyme Maternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebella=Bluebella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TJ_Ryan_Foundation=TJ Ryan Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bateman_Hardware=Bateman Hardware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVR_Partners=CVR Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sands_China=Sands China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TL_Ultralight=TL Ultralight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-ROSA_Flussschiff=A-ROSA Flussschiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charm_Communications=Charm Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himark_BioGas=Himark BioGas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serviceplan=Serviceplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Motor_Products=Standard Motor Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatz=Hatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echigo_Tokimeki_Railway=Echigo Tokimeki Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sigma_Sport_(retailer)=Sigma Sport (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FilmRise=FilmRise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears_Israel=Sears Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Electric_Cooperative=First Electric Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarron_Firearms=Cimarron Firearms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transwestern=Transwestern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascall+Watson=Pascall+Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artelia=Artelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Customs4U=Customs4U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apptio=Apptio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercept_Pharmaceuticals=Intercept Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Polling=Harper Polling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uranium_Resources=Uranium Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IR_Ishikawa_Railway=IR Ishikawa Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainokaze_Toyama_Railway=Ainokaze Toyama Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardini=Pardini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glowpoint_Inc.=Glowpoint Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultralife_Corporation=Ultralife Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukfook=Lukfook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depositphotos=Depositphotos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anima_Vitae=Anima Vitae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baci_Lingerie=Baci Lingerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buycott.com=Buycott.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shyam_Group=Shyam Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Films=Rogue Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambino_Mio=Bambino Mio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loco2=Loco2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ditsch=Ditsch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogue_Tyre=Vogue Tyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimarex_Energy=Cimarex Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SM_Energy=SM Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jung_von_Matt=Jung von Matt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernix_Therapeutics_Holdings=Pernix Therapeutics Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Harvest_Seeds=Golden Harvest Seeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Creek_(company)=Eagle Creek (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immune_Therapy_Holdings=Immune Therapy Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripple_Labs=Ripple Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enzon_Pharmaceuticals=Enzon Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MarkWest_Energy=MarkWest Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobalt_International_Energy=Cobalt International Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crolla=Crolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Heart_Pet_Brands=Big Heart Pet Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isa_Aydin_Studios=Isa Aydin Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Pharma=Horizon Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic89=Mystic89
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Tech=Hickory Tech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSwiss=CSwiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapotex_Industries=Kapotex Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadila_Pharmaceuticals=Cadila Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Developments_Limited=City Developments Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynic_Corporation=Dynic Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traffic_Safety_Store=Traffic Safety Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iguana_Yachts=Iguana Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operadora_Ferroviaria_Sociedad_del_Estado=Operadora Ferroviaria Sociedad del Estado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodega_Riglos=Bodega Riglos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondhjem_Hospital=Trondhjem Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ACTV_Japan=ACTV Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peerless-Premier_Appliance_Company=Peerless-Premier Appliance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betta_Home_Living=Betta Home Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/72andSunny=72andSunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veooz=Veooz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyiv_School_of_Ukrainian_Language=Kyiv School of Ukrainian Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allods_Team=Allods Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamel_Technologies=Flamel Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIGA_Technologies=SIGA Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avere_Systems=Avere Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobalt_Music_Group=Kobalt Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossrail_Benelux=Crossrail Benelux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heretic_Films=Heretic Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K2_Telecom=K2 Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmileTelecom_(Uganda)=SmileTelecom (Uganda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ffestiniog_Travel=Ffestiniog Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Telecom_(Uganda)=Smart Telecom (Uganda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calidad_Pascual=Calidad Pascual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HotelQuickly=HotelQuickly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morellato_Group=Morellato Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oculus_VR=Oculus VR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timehop=Timehop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headspace_(digital_health_platform)=Headspace (digital health platform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quayle_Munro=Quayle Munro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zayo_Group=Zayo Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teespring=Teespring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V-STOL_Aircraft_Corporation=V-STOL Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.F.C.A_(clothing)=A.F.C.A (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKSA_Power_Generation=AKSA Power Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splash_Corporation=Splash Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Motors=Bel Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquaver=Aquaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BTCJam=BTCJam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedre=Cedre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UGC_Fox_Distribution=UGC Fox Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landry's_Seafood=Landry's Seafood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Frederator_Network=Channel Frederator Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betabrand=Betabrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeWOOD=WeWOOD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg_shoes=Rosenberg shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigar_Tyres=Tigar Tyres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlitzer_Destillerie=Schlitzer Destillerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GATC_Biotech=GATC Biotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansko=Dansko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceleron_Pharma=Acceleron Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TreeHouse_Foods=TreeHouse Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IQ_Business_Group,_Inc.=The IQ Business Group, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powerwave_Technologies=Powerwave Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amplify_(distributor)=Amplify (distributor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoodData=GoodData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tensing_Pen_Resort=Tensing Pen Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brininstool_+_Lynch=Brininstool + Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Universe_International_Group_Limited=New Universe International Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sol_Republic=Sol Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agios_Pharmaceuticals=Agios Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleco_Software=Pleco Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Vietnam=Ford Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojern=Sojern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenthwave_Digital=Tenthwave Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeyEast=KeyEast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sip_'n_Dip_Lounge=Sip 'n Dip Lounge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gujarat_Tea_Processors_&_Packers_Ltd=Gujarat Tea Processors & Packers Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Electricity_and_Water_Authority=Dubai Electricity and Water Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Software_Corporation=World Software Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SensoMotoric_Instruments=SensoMotoric Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Do_Book_Company=The Do Book Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishka_NYC=Mishka NYC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioGnost=BioGnost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Group=Starship Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InVisage_Technologies=InVisage Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZunZuneo=ZunZuneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvin_Natural_Slush_Co.=Kelvin Natural Slush Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nipro=Nipro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getaway_Films=Getaway Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electro_Rent=Electro Rent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mireo=Mireo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foodpanda_/_hellofood=Foodpanda / hellofood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designit=Designit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awilco_LNG=Awilco LNG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eqology=Eqology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_and_M_Direct=M and M Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanhouse_Media,_Inc.=Oceanhouse Media, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Gold_Golden_Lines=Internet Gold Golden Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Link_Mobility_Group=Link Mobility Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Honey_Bee_(organization)=African Honey Bee (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinedigm=Cinedigm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringrr=Bringrr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambit_Biosciences=Ambit Biosciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Business_Institute=Taylor Business Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Prideco=Grant Prideco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CVoter=CVoter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_of_Bristol=Bailey of Bristol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookstop_(company)=Bookstop (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._Rudzki_i_S-ka=K. Rudzki i S-ka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPassMe=IPassMe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Solid_State_Propulsion=Digital Solid State Propulsion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Accelerator_Applications=Advanced Accelerator Applications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Force_Wrestling=Global Force Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PrivateCommunities.com=PrivateCommunities.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Society_of_Montreal=German Society of Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenerium=Fenerium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacso_Entertainment=Jacso Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Film_(Dutch_East_Indies_company)=Star Film (Dutch East Indies company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SGM_(Light)=SGM (Light)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brose_Fahrzeugteile=Brose Fahrzeugteile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DELO_Industrial_Adhesives=DELO Industrial Adhesives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switzer_Entertainment_Group=Switzer Entertainment Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritani=Ritani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerilla_Tea=Guerilla Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WEBstaurant_Store=WEBstaurant Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Kids_Rock=Little Kids Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiriusDecisions=SiriusDecisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SaltWorks,_Inc.=SaltWorks, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BDA_China_Limited=BDA China Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_bank!=Hello bank!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_Mining=Volta Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Cement_Corporation=Asia Cement Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NationBuilder=NationBuilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galvin_Green=Galvin Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilpop,_Rau_i_Loewenstein=Lilpop, Rau i Loewenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Hill_Capital=Round Hill Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Broadcasting=Centennial Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Kenya_Holdings_Limited=Liberty Kenya Holdings Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_National_Salt_Industry_Corporation=China National Salt Industry Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VoloMetrix=VoloMetrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SouthWest_Energy=SouthWest Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balaji_Group=Balaji Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maclure,_Macdonald_and_Co.=Maclure, Macdonald and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transun=Transun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitit_Computer_Services=Hitit Computer Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helsingborgs_Bryggeri=Helsingborgs Bryggeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flurry_(company)=Flurry (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_Factory=Moment Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BitComposer_Entertainment=BitComposer Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Hackney=House of Hackney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M3D_(company)=M3D (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshraghanimation_Co=Eshraghanimation Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Health_Alliance=Noble Health Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LYFE_Kitchen=LYFE Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ScribeAmerica=ScribeAmerica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Publishers_Association=Korean Publishers Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_&_James=Alexander & James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threeding=Threeding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfund=Newfund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cawy_Bottling_Company=Cawy Bottling Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Mobile=Camp Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stride_Health=Stride Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loader.io=Loader.io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_ZurMuehlen_&_Co.,P.C.=Anderson ZurMuehlen & Co.,P.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamabiko_Corporation=Yamabiko Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consensus_Economics=Consensus Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systematic_Automation=Systematic Automation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symphonic_Distribution=Symphonic Distribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_(store)=Georges (store)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HZO=HZO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iconic=The Iconic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Hotel_Alliance=Global Hotel Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weingarten_Realty=Weingarten Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurasmus=Eurasmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Commodity_Clearing=European Commodity Clearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumo_Salad=Sumo Salad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pediatric_Oncall=Pediatric Oncall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GB_Group_(UK)=GB Group (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepio=Sleepio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vic_&_Anthony's_Steakhouse=Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkilledUp=SkilledUp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4INFO=4INFO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Eggs_Films=50 Eggs Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NorDubCo=NorDubCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topera_Medical=Topera Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Itema=Itema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenzie_Esporte_Clube=Mackenzie Esporte Clube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Group_SA=Orion Group SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microsoft_Mobile=Microsoft Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BusyInternet=BusyInternet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entagen=Entagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClickBus=ClickBus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JASCO_Applied_Sciences=JASCO Applied Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javotti_Media=Javotti Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embrace_Innovations=Embrace Innovations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauer_Flugmotorenbau=Sauer Flugmotorenbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianrong.com=Dianrong.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Well=American Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somali_Energy_Company=Somali Energy Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RLJ_Companies=RLJ Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalition_for_Innovative_Media_Measurement=Coalition for Innovative Media Measurement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Clones=Bone Clones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbush_Brewing_Company=Greenbush Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer's_Daughter_(preserves)=Farmer's Daughter (preserves)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asahi_Net_International=Asahi Net International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LocusPoint_Networks=LocusPoint Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_Stobart_Logistics=Eddie Stobart Logistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volagi_Cycles=Volagi Cycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rare_Barrel=The Rare Barrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherkizovo=Cherkizovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PECO-InspX=PECO-InspX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flexicar_(carsharing)=Flexicar (carsharing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarAgri_Warehousing_and_Collateral_Management_Limited=StarAgri Warehousing and Collateral Management Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokkaido_Refinery=Hokkaido Refinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipora=Flipora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rauland_Borg=Rauland Borg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Films=Union Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulftainer=Gulftainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_Management_Group=Cinema Management Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurgan_Wheel_Tractor_Plant=Kurgan Wheel Tractor Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awareness_Technologies=Awareness Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peel_Technologies=Peel Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalom_Baranes_Associates=Shalom Baranes Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cytosorbents=Cytosorbents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabyo=Grabyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amlogic=Amlogic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiance_Media_Group=Radiance Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USell=USell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maroma=Maroma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nassa_Group=Nassa Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabeau_(company)=Mirabeau (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swissgrid=Swissgrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Orbit_Launch_Services=Generation Orbit Launch Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Group=Creative Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EGain=EGain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Printhouse=The Printhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dakota_Hotels=Dakota Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Color_Brewing=Off Color Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ave!Comics=Ave!Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossard_Holding_AG=Bossard Holding AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordzucker=Nordzucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioMotiv=BioMotiv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ata_Gears=Ata Gears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Performance_Technologies=American Performance Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absoft_Fortran_Compilers=Absoft Fortran Compilers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wist=Wist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerReviews=PowerReviews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Robotics=Wolf Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LG_Household_&_Health_Care=LG Household & Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emtek=Emtek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovability_(company)=Lovability (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToonBangla=ToonBangla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Centre=Flight Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldsie=Soldsie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plumbworld=Plumbworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longitude_Research=Longitude Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunos_Simulazioni=Kunos Simulazioni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKIDATA_(India)_Pvt_Ltd=SKIDATA (India) Pvt Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavorist=Endeavorist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camilla_and_Marc=Camilla and Marc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_World_Social=Small World Social
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea6_Energy=Sea6 Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupid_Media=Cupid Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starcom_Systems=Starcom Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3DFLOW=3DFLOW
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHG_Army_Hotels=IHG Army Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SinnerSchrader=SinnerSchrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99designs=99designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myung_Films=Myung Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidus_Pictures=Sidus Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unique_Photo_-_NJ=Unique Photo - NJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientifica=Scientifica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birrificio_Angelo_Poretti=Birrificio Angelo Poretti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyCraft_Airplanes=SkyCraft Airplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusty_Groove=Dusty Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novavax=Novavax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rico_Resources=Rico Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemian_Guitars=Bohemian Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Glass_breastfeeding_app_trial=Google Glass breastfeeding app trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padbury_Mining=Padbury Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namoo_Actors=Namoo Actors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Fizz=Rocket Fizz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_Market=Work Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Werhand_Verlag=Martin Werhand Verlag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityStudio_Vancouver=CityStudio Vancouver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TheSquareFoot=TheSquareFoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akane_Shinsha=Akane Shinsha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loginradius=Loginradius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anbaric_Transmission=Anbaric Transmission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_and_Noah_Brown=Adam and Noah Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNAP_Interactive=SNAP Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decor_Cabinets=Decor Cabinets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BendBroadband=BendBroadband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordlife=Cordlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson-Pilcher=Wilson-Pilcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaDream_Yacht_Club=SeaDream Yacht Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plama_Pleven=Plama Pleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dart_Harbour_&_Navigation_Authority=Dart Harbour & Navigation Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resonate_(company)=Resonate (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Mulla_Group=Al Mulla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QCoal=QCoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Harbour_Group=Blue Harbour Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allbiz=Allbiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyscon=Cyscon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveling_Spoon=Traveling Spoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alog_Datacenters=Alog Datacenters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pingboard=Pingboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CyrusOne=CyrusOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elanders=Elanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_Format=Nash Format
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Brewing_Company=Empire Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motormouthmedia=Motormouthmedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosland_Capital=Rosland Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartboost=Chartboost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voskos_Greek_Yogurt=Voskos Greek Yogurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candescent_Films=Candescent Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandis_(company)=Grandis (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mink_(printer)=Mink (printer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravofly_Rumbo_Group=Bravofly Rumbo Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VolTra=VolTra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardly=Guardly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selvarey_Rum=Selvarey Rum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TGG_Group=TGG Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisna_Diamond_Jewellery=Kisna Diamond Jewellery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interhome=Interhome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellesley_&_Co.=Wellesley & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Openbay=Openbay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MolMed=MolMed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagerty_Insurance_Agency=Hagerty Insurance Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VitaPro=VitaPro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_and_Space=Line and Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Pieris_&_Company_PLC=Richard Pieris & Company PLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abkhazian_Network_News_Agency=Abkhazian Network News Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/960_Music_Group=960 Music Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VetUK=VetUK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facility_Solutions_Group=Facility Solutions Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ufimsky_refinery_plant=Ufimsky refinery plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_Promotion=Stardust Promotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newburyport_Brewing_Company=Newburyport Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_H2O=Imagine H2O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Ship=Solar Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panay_Railways=Panay Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenberg_Paris=Eisenberg Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerebra_Computers=Cerebra Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T._Wildman_&_Sons=T. Wildman & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker,_Shenton_&_Co=Tinker, Shenton & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bashneft-Ufaneftekhim=Bashneft-Ufaneftekhim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KORA_Organics=KORA Organics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbo_Holding=Forbo Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Retail_Company_of_Bashkortostan=Energy Retail Company of Bashkortostan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UOLDIVEO=UOLDIVEO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCain,_Inc.=McCain, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Cryo=Gulf Cryo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookjam=Bookjam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xactly_Corp=Xactly Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nfon=Nfon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plinga=Plinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_Earth=Entertainment Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Foundation=Magnum Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consip=Consip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABS_Friction=ABS Friction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santos_Brasil=Santos Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curve_Studios=Curve Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoAnimate=GoAnimate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Data_Partnership=Big Data Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streak_(company)=Streak (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._California_Clothing=Mr. California Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegant_Resorts=Elegant Resorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Security=Vector Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoStar_Group=CoStar Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixons_Carphone=Dixons Carphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloquii=Eloquii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somali_Chamber_of_Commerce_and_Industry=Somali Chamber of Commerce and Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fultonhistory.com=Fultonhistory.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooding_&_Company=Gooding & Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PZNZ_Media=PZNZ Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/59_Productions=59 Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qatar_Museums=Qatar Museums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Video_Networks=Thomson Video Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limuru_Tea_Company_Limited=Limuru Tea Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoods_Entertainment=Hoods Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asread=Asread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mecox=Mecox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sono_Cairo=Sono Cairo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alere=Alere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATP_architects_engineers=ATP architects engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Opera_Awards=Paris Opera Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_&_Video=Casa & Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plug_Ins=Plug Ins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LISTA=LISTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_Entertainment=Vertical Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_UK_(company)=Time UK (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._Baelz_&_Sohn=W. Baelz & Sohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kite_Pharma=Kite Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ProKennex=ProKennex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taskworld=Taskworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Import.io=Import.io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tverskoy_Vagonostroitelniy_Zavod=Tverskoy Vagonostroitelniy Zavod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnerSys=EnerSys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Centre_Australia=Flight Centre Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlterG=AlterG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffman_Construction_Company=Hoffman Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lew_&_Huey=Lew & Huey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellamy's_Organic=Bellamy's Organic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devergo=Devergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Information_Systems_Associates_FZE=Information Systems Associates FZE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanhua=Sanhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starmobile=Starmobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Gum_Interactive=Bubble Gum Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeastern_Asset_Management,_Inc.=Southeastern Asset Management, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UMA_Racing=UMA Racing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyGayTrip=MyGayTrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misterbnb=Misterbnb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrapali_Jewels=Amrapali Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Army_Standard_Ammunition=Red Army Standard Ammunition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russo_and_Steele=Russo and Steele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oorja_Fuel_Cells=Oorja Fuel Cells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantagio=Fantagio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envirochemie=Envirochemie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selvaag_Bolig=Selvaag Bolig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gramercy_Funds_Management=Gramercy Funds Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_(Australasian_company)=Lion (Australasian company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZeroTurnaround=ZeroTurnaround
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3AD=3AD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Star_Fund=Lion Star Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enplug=Enplug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compleat_Sculptor=The Compleat Sculptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Sports=Forward Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainly=Brainly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SYSACCO=SYSACCO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrow_(customs_brokerage)=Farrow (customs brokerage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacasa=Vacasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applause_(software_company)=Applause (software company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erskine_Ferry=Erskine Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HourlyNerd=HourlyNerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_on_the_Rock=Rumble on the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway_Royal_Salmon=Norway Royal Salmon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everonn_Public_School=Everonn Public School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpe_Fulgur=Carpe Fulgur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Optics=Sun Optics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/21_Laps_Entertainment=21 Laps Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_Button_Entertainment=Action Button Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reelkandi=Reelkandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KISA_Phone=KISA Phone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Media=North Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALcot=ALcot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-Ro_Food=Co-Ro Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaul_Cartridge_Plant=Barnaul Cartridge Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampension=Sampension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Gas_Corporation=United Gas Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talygen_Business_Intelligence=Talygen Business Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5Rocks=5Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Classic=Renault Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F._Laeisz=F. Laeisz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adcash=Adcash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scan_Group=Scan Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Door_Tavern=Green Door Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CitizenShipper=CitizenShipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silhouette_(eyewear)=Silhouette (eyewear)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundhog_Technologies=Groundhog Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Warrior_Brewing_Company=Black Warrior Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolver_Entertainment=Revolver Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverback_Productions=Silverback Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Rhymes_Studios=Street Rhymes Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longhorn_Kenya_Limited=Longhorn Kenya Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birite_Foodservice_Distributors=Birite Foodservice Distributors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Engineering_and_Dry_Dock_Company=Morton Engineering and Dry Dock Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Motor_East_Japan=Toyota Motor East Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PSFK=PSFK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genomatica=Genomatica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Allied_Corporation=First Allied Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sageworks=Sageworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OrionVM=OrionVM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telerik=Telerik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderclap_(website)=Thunderclap (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telemetry_(company)=Telemetry (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPT_Sports_Management_Pvt._Ltd.=SPT Sports Management Pvt. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Leisure_Hotels=Warner Leisure Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Simons_Architects=Scott Simons Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AYMTM=AYMTM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celebrity_Source=The Celebrity Source
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitch_Fix=Stitch Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warid_Bangladesh=Warid Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehigh_Technologies=Lehigh Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southland_Credit_Union=Southland Credit Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Leone_Brewery_Limited=Sierra Leone Brewery Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linck_Group=Linck Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump_Productions=Trump Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janpratinidhi=Janpratinidhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspirational_Country_Music_Association=Inspirational Country Music Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundforce_Portugal=Groundforce Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/York_Band_Instrument_Company=York Band Instrument Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OyaGen=OyaGen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airwolf_3D=Airwolf 3D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumiton=Lumiton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JumpSport=JumpSport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_CarShare=Community CarShare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KEI_Industries=KEI Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPAN_Infotech=SPAN Infotech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri_Alpha_Energy,_Inc.=Tri Alpha Energy, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shore_Furniture=South Shore Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civeo_Corporation=Civeo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_States_International=Oil States International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownberry_(bakery)=Brownberry (bakery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citicorp_Railmark_Inc._(Citirail)=Citicorp Railmark Inc. (Citirail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_Willis_Shipping_Line=Jock Willis Shipping Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbuck_Pastoral_Company=Jumbuck Pastoral Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betable=Betable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brass_Armadillo=The Brass Armadillo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Technologies,_Inc.=Jasper Technologies, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omniva=Omniva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayton_Superior=Dayton Superior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RiskIQ=RiskIQ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brixmor_Property_Group=Brixmor Property Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomberg_Beta=Bloomberg Beta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby's_Burger_Palace=Bobby's Burger Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utsch_AG=Utsch AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_JGA_Group=The JGA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xona_Games=Xona Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zacuto_(camera_accessories)=Zacuto (camera accessories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleo_(company)=Cleo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ITH_Pharma=ITH Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dropcam=Dropcam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_State_Tourism_Development_Corporation=Telangana State Tourism Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Ladder=Urban Ladder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ticket_Factory=The Ticket Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celtro_Communication=Celtro Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clipix=Clipix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JustShareIt=JustShareIt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexidia=Nexidia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indieflix=Indieflix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geotab=Geotab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitecues=Sitecues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Disney_Group=Radio Disney Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmarTone=SmarTone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_am_in_DNA_of_India=I am in DNA of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawsons_Music=Dawsons Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TRYMAX=TRYMAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HPE_COXA=HPE COXA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_HaskoningDHV=Royal HaskoningDHV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onoff_(retailer)=Onoff (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelleher_International=Kelleher International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ademco_Security_Group=Ademco Security Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americhem=Americhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Balding_Bits_&_Spurs=Tom Balding Bits & Spurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RT_aerostats_systems=RT aerostats systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagarro=Nagarro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemelson_Capital_Management=Lemelson Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_Bar=Chances Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiahui_Power_Corporation=Chiahui Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hub_Group=Hub Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Consolidated_Gold_Fields=New Consolidated Gold Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Industry_(Tunisia)=Ministry of Industry (Tunisia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misfit_Wearables=Misfit Wearables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupesh_Paul_Productions_Limited=Rupesh Paul Productions Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenga_TV=Zenga TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sproing_Interactive_Media=Sproing Interactive Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrative_Science=Narrative Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrozzeria_Francis_Lombardi=Carrozzeria Francis Lombardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chonghaejin_Marine=Chonghaejin Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Living=Young Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brahma_(company)=Brahma (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Videocon_General_Insurance=Liberty Videocon General Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NanoSight=NanoSight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yager_Development=Yager Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Network_Rail_Certification_Body=Network Rail Certification Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VMTurbo=VMTurbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon-Canadian_Forest_Products=Oregon-Canadian Forest Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_Analytics=Clearwater Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commission_Factory=Commission Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisense=Sisense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trickster_Arts=Trickster Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Changhong_Technology_Co.,_Ltd.=Shenzhen Changhong Technology Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudha_Productions=Sudha Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grange_Insurance=Grange Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacklane=Blacklane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Steel_Bridge_Company=Illinois Steel Bridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knaack_club=Knaack club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forehand_&_Wadsworth=Forehand & Wadsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Radiator_Company_(USA)=National Radiator Company (USA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebase=Firebase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magzter=Magzter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolly_Wolly_Doodle=Lolly Wolly Doodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanparys=Vanparys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flair_Software=Flair Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Community_Network_Projects=Community Network Projects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttleworth_&_Ingersoll=Shuttleworth & Ingersoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summit_Electric_Supply=Summit Electric Supply
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primacy_(company)=Primacy (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automated_Insights=Automated Insights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FutureAdvisor=FutureAdvisor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lick_Me_I'm_Delicious=Lick Me I'm Delicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shinepukur_Ceramics=Shinepukur Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monno_Ceramics=Monno Ceramics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sana_Commerce=Sana Commerce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technical_Illusions=Technical Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horiba_Medical=Horiba Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_Parking_LTD=Success Parking LTD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin's_Circus=Chaplin's Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hwy_55_Burgers,_Shakes_&_Fries=Hwy 55 Burgers, Shakes & Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_American_Tobacco_Bangladesh=British American Tobacco Bangladesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MyRegistry.com=MyRegistry.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaval_Outdoor=Chaval Outdoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telin_Singapore=Telin Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Ware_Corporation=Metal Ware Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_9=Sand 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Technology_Services=Quality Technology Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KDS_(company)=KDS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Harcourt_Refining_Company=Port Harcourt Refining Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Software=Day Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Focus_Odisha=Focus Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schiesser=Schiesser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vencer=Vencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwood_Club=Norwood Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneRoof_Energy=OneRoof Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_State_Road_Transport_Corporation=Telangana State Road Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynaers_Aluminium=Reynaers Aluminium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reguladora=Reguladora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RhodeCode=RhodeCode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airpac_Enterprises=Airpac Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Altrofilm=L'Altrofilm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Social_Security_Fund_(Kenya)=National Social Security Fund (Kenya)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_One_Entertainment=Reel One Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/360Learning=360Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prain_Global=Prain Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milwaukie_Pastry_Kitchen=Milwaukie Pastry Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positron_Corporation=Positron Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1QBit=1QBit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flannels_(retail)=Flannels (retail)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyab_TV=Kamyab TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkshire_Hathaway_Travel_Protection=Berkshire Hathaway Travel Protection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maubeuge_Construction_Automobile=Maubeuge Construction Automobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ISeeCars.com=ISeeCars.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Brewery_(Sri_Lanka)=Lion Brewery (Sri Lanka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Brewing_Company=San Diego Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pie_Face=Pie Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowWow365=PowWow365
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baglioni_Hotels=Baglioni Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EventPlan_Limited=EventPlan Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Afrika=Home Afrika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nutshell_CRM=Nutshell CRM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_9_Softworks=Square 9 Softworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entelo=Entelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Displays2Go=Displays2Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renault_Agriculture=Renault Agriculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechanical_Plastics_Corp.=Mechanical Plastics Corp.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aster_DM_Healthcare=Aster DM Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farida_Guitars=Farida Guitars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy4All=Energy4All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medopad=Medopad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zyliss=Zyliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masthead_Studios=Masthead Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_Power_Generation_Corporation=Telangana Power Generation Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nile_Breweries_Limited=Nile Breweries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royalties_(brand_management_agency)=Royalties (brand management agency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Place=This Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alternative_Press=The Alternative Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluescape=Bluescape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Graham_(fashion_brand)=Robert Graham (fashion brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Composites=Crawford Composites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fresh_Grocer=The Fresh Grocer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Botterill_and_Son=William Botterill and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Money_Australia=Virgin Money Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodgame_Studios=Goodgame Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netto_UK=Netto UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lacassane_Company=The Lacassane Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SKUvantage=SKUvantage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redarc_Electronics=Redarc Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquila_Shoes=Aquila Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lex_Machina=Lex Machina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclo_Industries=Cyclo Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambrero=Zambrero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calzavara=Calzavara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phil_DeFranco_Networks_&_Merchandise=Phil DeFranco Networks & Merchandise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarych_Confectionery=Yarych Confectionery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MonkeySports=MonkeySports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lendico=Lendico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avtokam=Avtokam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warwick_International_Hotels_(WIH)=Warwick International Hotels (WIH)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seattle-Tacoma_Box_Company=Seattle-Tacoma Box Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Supermarkets=Metal Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KidzDunya=KidzDunya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Health_World_Inc.=Health World Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Women's_Bank_of_California=First Women's Bank of California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harada_Tea_Processing_Co.,_Ltd.=Harada Tea Processing Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catapult_Sports=Catapult Sports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellmark_Blue_Cross_Blue_Shield=Wellmark Blue Cross Blue Shield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swisspartners_Group=Swisspartners Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucking_Bull=Bucking Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenzebach_BSH=Grenzebach BSH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manistee_Watch_Company=Manistee Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spetstyazhavtotrans=Spetstyazhavtotrans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Thon_Eiendomsselskap=Olav Thon Eiendomsselskap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_for_Paws=Hope for Paws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FromAtoB.com=FromAtoB.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagos_(jewelry)=Lagos (jewelry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ShirtPunch=ShirtPunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Partners=Eaton Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Gargett=Conrad Gargett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PJP4=PJP4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheetah_Mobile=Cheetah Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vigour=Vigour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_Technologies=Torch Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vostok_Games=Vostok Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinley_Elevator_Corporation=McKinley Elevator Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bormioli_Rocco=Bormioli Rocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adese=Adese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haxi=Haxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aksigorta=Aksigorta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_City_Motor_Car_Company=Kansas City Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schumacher_Racing_Products=Schumacher Racing Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keystone_Law=Keystone Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Therapeutics=Wilson Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startup_Monthly=Startup Monthly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janus_Motorcycles=Janus Motorcycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yodo1=Yodo1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavarian_Nordic=Bavarian Nordic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CodeHS=CodeHS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AudioNow=AudioNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helion_Energy=Helion Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarko_Carrier=Alarko Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berios=Berios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droiders=Droiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/46_South_End=46 South End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevisport=Nevisport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SubPac_(company)=SubPac (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore_(brand)=Kenmore (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Agri_Terminal=Newcastle Agri Terminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerdist_Industries=Nerdist Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honeydew_Studios=Honeydew Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sause_Bros.,_Inc.=Sause Bros., Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visualant=Visualant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banvit=Banvit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onboardly=Onboardly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atossa_Genetics=Atossa Genetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziften=Ziften
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bim_(company)=Bim (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scanship=Scanship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimeks=Bimeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hassle.com=Hassle.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondola_(magazine)=Gondola (magazine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailman_Group=Mailman Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newgen_Software=Newgen Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutares=Mutares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/8-Bit_(studio)=8-Bit (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caps_Brothers_Manufacturing_Company=Caps Brothers Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Motor_Car_Company=Wonder Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloggs_Online_limited=Cloggs Online limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangdong_Radio_and_Television=Guangdong Radio and Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borusan=Borusan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confluence_Outdoor=Confluence Outdoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housing_and_Urban_Development_Corporation_Limited=Housing and Urban Development Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CriticalBlue=CriticalBlue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LEWA=LEWA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severin_Motor_Car_Company=Severin Motor Car Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algeta=Algeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirakl=Mirakl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workiva=Workiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appenzell_Railways=Appenzell Railways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_State_Auto_Company_&_R._H._Long_Motors_Company=Bay State Auto Company & R. H. Long Motors Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etcetera_edutainment=Etcetera edutainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_Thomas_&_Co._Pvt._Ltd.=J Thomas & Co. Pvt. Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tushek&Spigel_Supercars=Tushek&Spigel Supercars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpeechSchool.TV=SpeechSchool.TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutan_&_Tucker=Rutan & Tucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinfra_Textile_Park_Taliparamba=Kinfra Textile Park Taliparamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iomart_Group=Iomart Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_&_J_Ultralights=J & J Ultralights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenable_Network_Security=Tenable Network Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_Council_for_International_Visitors=Georgia Council for International Visitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qualcomm_Ventures=Qualcomm Ventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Red_Cross_Volunteer_Life_Saving_Corps=American Red Cross Volunteer Life Saving Corps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOBRO_Marine,_Inc.=MOBRO Marine, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RightSignature=RightSignature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_Boy=Racing Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SciGenom_Labs=SciGenom Labs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Engine_Systems=Space Engine Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAFM_Company=RAFM Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KPIT_Technologies=KPIT Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icicle_Seafoods=Icicle Seafoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capella_Films=Capella Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clements_Ribeiro=Clements Ribeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CGTrader=CGTrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OKA_Direct_Limited=OKA Direct Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_Key_Productions=Boss Key Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Gernatt_Farms=Dan Gernatt Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakaberry=Wakaberry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordberg_Manufacturing_Company=Nordberg Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uttar_Pradesh_Power_Corporation_Limited=Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Canopy=Triple Canopy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Bicycle_Co-operative=Edinburgh Bicycle Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muzzley=Muzzley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methode_Electronics=Methode Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scality=Scality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossa_(company)=Bossa (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genolier_Swiss_Medical_Network_SA=Genolier Swiss Medical Network SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubai_Healthcare_City=Dubai Healthcare City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refund.me=Refund.me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan_Nurseries=Sheridan Nurseries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adapt-n=Adapt-n
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CommCore_Consulting_Group=CommCore Consulting Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doe-Anderson_Inc.=Doe-Anderson Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natel_Engineering=Natel Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shyp=Shyp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idyll_Farms=Idyll Farms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heiwa_Corporation=Heiwa Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radaan_Mediaworks=Radaan Mediaworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SMT_(media_corporation)=SMT (media corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFINE,_Inc.=DFINE, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MultiMechanics=MultiMechanics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TrustLeaf=TrustLeaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucible_Industries=Crucible Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Statistical_Office_of_Malawi=National Statistical Office of Malawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CiteAb=CiteAb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fajr_Capital=Fajr Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LargeNetwork=LargeNetwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeek=Zeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Audio_LLC_(Patent_holding_company)=Personal Audio LLC (Patent holding company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gore_Mutual_Insurance_Company=Gore Mutual Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AK_Plaza=AK Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HP_Atalla=HP Atalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Soccer_Stars=Super Soccer Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Group=Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbai_Film_Company=Mumbai Film Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukta_A2_Cinemas=Mukta A2 Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premier_Tax_Free=Premier Tax Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taykey=Taykey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minsheng_Life_Insurance=Minsheng Life Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckitt_and_Sons=Reckitt and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osborne_&_Little=Osborne & Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCAM_Spa=SCAM Spa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacksands_Pacific=Blacksands Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certified_Health_Executive=Certified Health Executive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HOP_Ranch=HOP Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dardanel=Dardanel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Largeur.com=Largeur.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derimod=Derimod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtis_Banks=Curtis Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WaterHealth_International=WaterHealth International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rossi_Motoriduttori=Rossi Motoriduttori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SimpleSignal=SimpleSignal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wincrest_homes=Wincrest homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Road_Brewing_Company=Thunder Road Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desa_(company)=Desa (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundhawk=Soundhawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Ghetto_Kids=Dirty Ghetto Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allomet_Corporation=Allomet Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porch_(company)=Porch (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cines=Cines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmansk_Shipping_Company=Murmansk Shipping Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GEMTECH=GEMTECH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chef_Distilled=Chef Distilled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novo_A/S=Novo A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collavier_Corporation=Collavier Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhansali_Productions=Bhansali Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Philippe_(brand)=Louis Philippe (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startupbootcamp=Startupbootcamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Sita's_Holding_Company=Mama Sita's Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COM_DEV_International=COM DEV International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rover.com=Rover.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Crayon_Games=Broken Crayon Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidec_Sankyo=Nidec Sankyo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Investment_Management=Atlantic Investment Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyne_et_Bellier=Coyne et Bellier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hipages_Group=Hipages Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LCMS_Foundation=LCMS Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Foods=Rainbow Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youzu_Interactive=Youzu Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakes_Bay_Oyster_Company=Drakes Bay Oyster Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meccanotecnica_Riesi=Meccanotecnica Riesi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C4DI_(Centre_for_Digital_Innovation)=C4DI (Centre for Digital Innovation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naivas_Limited=Naivas Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Materials_Processing_Institute=Materials Processing Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSG_Entertainment=TSG Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richwater_Films=Richwater Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiftype=Swiftype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitenife=Whitenife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FG_Hemisphere=FG Hemisphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiesi_Farmaceutici_S.p.A.=Chiesi Farmaceutici S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujagali_Energy_Limited=Bujagali Energy Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ERHC=ERHC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventiv_Health_Inc=Inventiv Health Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escort_Teknoloji=Escort Teknoloji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emlak_Konut=Emlak Konut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PlayerScale=PlayerScale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formlabs=Formlabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mash_Brewing_Company=Mash Brewing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DesignCrowd=DesignCrowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiol_Prosecco=Fiol Prosecco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoloPower_Systems=SoloPower Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badia_Spices=Badia Spices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoom_Video_Communications=Zoom Video Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Andersson=Hanna Andersson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Wastewater_Heat_Exchange_Systems=International Wastewater Heat Exchange Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UniKey=UniKey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Hi-Tech_Marketing=Fortune Hi-Tech Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Venture_Capital_Co.=Shanghai Venture Capital Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hari_Krishna_Exports=Hari Krishna Exports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assistedmatrimony=Assistedmatrimony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobel_Oil_Group=Nobel Oil Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Sundaram_General_Insurance=Royal Sundaram General Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neyco=Neyco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamatic_Technologies=Dynamatic Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goibibo=Goibibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_Street_Asset_Management=Fifth Street Asset Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gor_Factory=Gor Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AMTAB=AMTAB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bradfords_Group=The Bradfords Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Food_and_Drug_Authority=National Food and Drug Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy4Kids=Billy4Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talenti=Talenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UTA_Brand_Studio=UTA Brand Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visvim=Visvim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenRest=OpenRest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surya_Roshni_Limited=Surya Roshni Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TubeMogul=TubeMogul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPark=IPark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanopy=Kanopy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IPage=IPage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLeod_Russel=McLeod Russel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weibo_(company)=Weibo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_quiet!=Be quiet!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_&_Sons=Warner & Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vi-Jon_Laboratories=Vi-Jon Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RepRisk=RepRisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spuul=Spuul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UCWeb=UCWeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotels4u=Hotels4u
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pica8=Pica8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Home_Shield=American Home Shield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.A._Woollam_Co.=J.A. Woollam Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_&_Allied_Industries_Limited=Sugar & Allied Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CohnReznick=CohnReznick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sify=Sify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTH_Public_Company_Limited=CTH Public Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorted_Food=Sorted Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadria_Capital=Quadria Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnott_Air_Suspension_Products=Arnott Air Suspension Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ToonBox_Entertainment=ToonBox Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karel_Electronics=Karel Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2000_Flushes=2000 Flushes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FramesDirect.com=FramesDirect.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Premier_(loyalty_program)=Club Premier (loyalty program)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aimia_(company)=Aimia (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA_Discounters=USA Discounters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomme_de_pain=Pomme de pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiler_(company)=Kiler (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Tilly_International=Baker Tilly International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_Color=Breathing Color
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cativa_Natureza=Cativa Natureza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KSB_Company=KSB Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflektion=Reflektion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnSuites_Hospitality=InnSuites Hospitality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_&_Casualty_Management_Systems=Property & Casualty Management Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kombassan=Kombassan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Anita's=Little Anita's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PEO_TV=PEO TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Management,_Inc.=Digital Management, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitaine_Train=Capitaine Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinds.com=Blinds.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_it._Code_it._Win_it.=Dream it. Code it. Win it.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolve_Theatre_Company=Revolve Theatre Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Furniture=Wolf Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isuzu_Commercial_Truck_of_America,_Inc.=Isuzu Commercial Truck of America, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ForgeRock=ForgeRock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pension_Fund_Regulatory_and_Development_Authority=Pension Fund Regulatory and Development Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relcy=Relcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trussed_Concrete_Steel_Company=Trussed Concrete Steel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefly_Space_Systems=Firefly Space Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edo_Japan_(restaurant)=Edo Japan (restaurant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housing.com=Housing.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghash.io=Ghash.io
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_White=Bates White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Gray_Internet_Services=Brandon Gray Internet Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgers_Bar=Burgers Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SiteJabber=SiteJabber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperloop_Transportation_Technologies=Hyperloop Transportation Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JumpStartFund=JumpStartFund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumpstarter,_Inc=Jumpstarter, Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CrowdsUnite=CrowdsUnite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahua_Technology=Dahua Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StemRad=StemRad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosby_Textor_Group=Crosby Textor Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Breast_Cancer_Foundation=United Breast Cancer Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hydrogenics=Hydrogenics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluentify=Fluentify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahootz_Toys=Kahootz Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaserShip=LaserShip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CYREN=CYREN
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornerstone_Construction_Group=Cornerstone Construction Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CloudPassage=CloudPassage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Sigma_Investments=Two Sigma Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carriage_&_Wagon_Workshop,_Jagadhari=Carriage & Wagon Workshop, Jagadhari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exosite_(company)=Exosite (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corma_Inc.=Corma Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analytica_(company)=Analytica (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Tire=Vulcan Tire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Home_Health_Care=India Home Health Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_Media_Vision=Image Media Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_&_Roberts=Murray & Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GolfNow=GolfNow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Leaf_Frozen_Yogurt=Orange Leaf Frozen Yogurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bananas_Music=Bananas Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Lotus_(company)=Black Lotus (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TaxiForSure=TaxiForSure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CHMB_Inc.=CHMB Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C2C_(studio)=C2C (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexpot_Comedy=Sexpot Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATEN_International_Co.,_Ltd=ATEN International Co., Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAP_Project_Office=MAP Project Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Steuart_Group=George Steuart Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advantage_Business_Media=Advantage Business Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signpost_(company)=Signpost (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ComFree=ComFree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IndiaMART=IndiaMART
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Chile_News=I Love Chile News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papagaio=Papagaio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zu_Audio=Zu Audio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivid_Image=Vivid Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KidzMondo=KidzMondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowcostholidays=Lowcostholidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwill-Morin=Atwill-Morin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympico_Club_(Belo_Horizonte)=Olympico Club (Belo Horizonte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosslyn_Analytics=Rosslyn Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BWT_AG=BWT AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandy_Leather_Factory=Tandy Leather Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bow_Tie_Cinemas=Bow Tie Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overaa_Construction=Overaa Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picaboo=Picaboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laxey_Towing_Company=Laxey Towing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ROAD_Fighting_Championship=ROAD Fighting Championship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Scientific_Committee_for_Food_Safety=Norwegian Scientific Committee for Food Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eymundsson=Eymundsson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asia_Group=The Asia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiking_Mineral=Wiking Mineral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My.com=My.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oomba=Oomba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoset=Geoset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seibu_Holdings=Seibu Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stock_Spirits=Stock Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Film=Oriental Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildfire_Communications=Wildfire Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juno_Racing_Cars=Juno Racing Cars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pong_Research=Pong Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agency_Rent-a-Car=Agency Rent-a-Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cicero_Networks=Cicero Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnDependent_Boutique_Collection=InnDependent Boutique Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal,_Inc.=Personal, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Brain_Toys=Fat Brain Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topaz_(bookmaker)=Topaz (bookmaker)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aanerud_Industries=Aanerud Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Pixel=Disco Pixel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadie's=Sadie's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2015,_Inc.=2015, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kong_Entertainment=King Kong Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_TalkUSA=Pure TalkUSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ZhL=ZhL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivo_Electronics=Vivo Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendhar_Movies=Vendhar Movies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Student_Housing_Co-operative=Edinburgh Student Housing Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AstraQom=AstraQom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine-to-Machine_Intelligence_(M2Mi)_Corp=Machine-to-Machine Intelligence (M2Mi) Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuskys=Tuskys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartoon_Movement=Cartoon Movement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Shoppers=Capital Shoppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gionee=Gionee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Supermarkets=Quality Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin_Kong_Group=Shin Kong Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KAS_Australia=KAS Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delticom=Delticom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eventim_UK=Eventim UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky-Watch=Sky-Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indeni_(company)=Indeni (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appster=Appster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gelesis=Gelesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saffery_Champness_Chartered_Accountants=Saffery Champness Chartered Accountants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SweetLabs=SweetLabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Industrial_Infrastructure_Development_Corporation=Odisha Industrial Infrastructure Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microgen=Microgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_SA=Adventure SA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozo_Channel_Line=Gozo Channel Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_State_Financial_Corporation=Odisha State Financial Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Tourism_Development_Corporation=Odisha Tourism Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_African_Portland_Cement_Company=East African Portland Cement Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minit_Mart_Foods_Inc.=Minit Mart Foods Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mussoorie_Dehradun_Development_Authority=Mussoorie Dehradun Development Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daystate=Daystate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Municipal_Electric_Association=Florida Municipal Electric Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WikiTree=WikiTree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arme_Construction_Company=Arme Construction Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Mining_Corporation=Odisha Mining Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Promotion_&_Investment_Corporation_of_Odisha_Limited=Industrial Promotion & Investment Corporation of Odisha Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agricultural_Promotion_and_Investment_Corporation_of_Odisha_Limited=Agricultural Promotion and Investment Corporation of Odisha Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporate_and_Project_Management_Research_Institute=Corporate and Project Management Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Rural_Housing_&_Development_Corporation=Odisha Rural Housing & Development Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliv=Deliv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BarkBox=BarkBox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tvsdesign=Tvsdesign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A-Grade_Investments=A-Grade Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_State_Beverage_Corporation=Odisha State Beverage Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Electricity_Regulatory_Commission=Odisha Electricity Regulatory Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Computer_Application_Centre=Odisha Computer Application Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadcore_Technology=Leadcore Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragment_Production=Fragment Production
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biju_Krushak_Kalyan_Yojana=Biju Krushak Kalyan Yojana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boba_Tea_Company=Boba Tea Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SmartThings=SmartThings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetboil=Jetboil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TasNetworks=TasNetworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohlthaver_&_List=Ohlthaver & List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mavenir_Systems=Mavenir Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OverstockArt.com=OverstockArt.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sears_Hometown_and_Outlet_Stores=Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asus=Asus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Construction_Corporation=Odisha Construction Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odisha_Hydro_Power_Corporation=Odisha Hydro Power Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Electricity_Supply_Company_of_Odisha=Western Electricity Supply Company of Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacious=Spacious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vennli=Vennli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tacori=Tacori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardwick_Clothes=Hardwick Clothes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convercent=Convercent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drybar=Drybar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbucks_Israel=Starbucks Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BES_Utilities=BES Utilities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infogix,_Inc.=Infogix, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_AO,_Inc.=Iris AO, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valeo_Foods=Valeo Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omni_Tech_Translations_and_Language_Services=Omni Tech Translations and Language Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahra_Biscuit_Factory=Bahra Biscuit Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Tuna_Clothing=Hot Tuna Clothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunderbar_Films=Wunderbar Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yik_Yak=Yik Yak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAIC_Motor_UK=SAIC Motor UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsuba_Corporation=Mitsuba Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Meat=Beyond Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapp_Biopharmaceutical=Mapp Biopharmaceutical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Institute_of_Personnel_Management=National Institute of Personnel Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundswell_(organization)=Groundswell (organization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spredfast=Spredfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Digital_Entertainment=Fox Digital Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflex_Fiberglass_Works=Reflex Fiberglass Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JustAnswer=JustAnswer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tekmira_Pharmaceuticals=Tekmira Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straube_Piano_Company=Straube Piano Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Lights_Etc=Christmas Lights Etc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skydive_Empuriabrava=Skydive Empuriabrava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper's_(bakery)=Cooper's (bakery)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aptara=Aptara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taroko_Bus=Taroko Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kittitian_Hill=Kittitian Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InnSuites_Hotels=InnSuites Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Joseph=Joseph Joseph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wealthfront=Wealthfront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nufront=Nufront
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurigo_Software=Aurigo Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DAS_Handling_Limited=DAS Handling Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Corporation=Kirby Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entebbe_Handling_Services=Entebbe Handling Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SEAMEO_SPAFA=SEAMEO SPAFA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VictorsFood=VictorsFood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ditta_Cugini_Randi=Ditta Cugini Randi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasil_Online=Brasil Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damianos_Sotheby's_International_Realty=Damianos Sotheby's International Realty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudgine=Cloudgine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kids_II,_Inc.=Kids II, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envivio=Envivio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TinyCo=TinyCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MED-EL=MED-EL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binder_FBM=Binder FBM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_It!_(bar)=This is It! (bar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roladin=Roladin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granary_Books=Granary Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICore_Networks=ICore Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walter_Redfern_Company=Walter Redfern Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenview_Capital_Management=Glenview Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Averbis=Averbis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob's_Watches=Bob's Watches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodia_Bayon_Airlines=Cambodia Bayon Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQ_Analytics=IQ Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediq=Mediq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declara=Declara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachi-Fujikoshi=Nachi-Fujikoshi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiro'o_Tales=Kiro'o Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_&_Co=Jacob & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telrad_Networks=Telrad Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CTX_(Carbon_Trade_Exchange)=CTX (Carbon Trade Exchange)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinseo=Trinseo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vladar_Company=The Vladar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementar=Elementar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Projects=Common Projects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhiteWave_Foods=WhiteWave Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distributed_Processing_Technology=Distributed Processing Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sickhead_Games=Sickhead Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subway_Israel=Subway Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bar_'n'_Burger=Black Bar 'n' Burger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EpicTimes=EpicTimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Habit_Burger_Grill=The Habit Burger Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEIC=MEIC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Imperium_Games=Cloud Imperium Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino's_Pizza_Israel=Domino's Pizza Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Brothers_Apartments=Post Brothers Apartments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beqom=Beqom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craemer_Group=Craemer Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datawatch_Corporation=Datawatch Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petroleum_Authority_of_Uganda=Petroleum Authority of Uganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakhtel=Nakhtel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_U=Why U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIGER_21=TIGER 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KFC_Israel=KFC Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonbeam_Films=Moonbeam Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progressive_Aerodyne=Progressive Aerodyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BOL_Network=BOL Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Iranian_South_Oil_Company=National Iranian South Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NamePros=NamePros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiswe_Mobile=Kiswe Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SandCraft=SandCraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Computer_Techniques=Advanced Computer Techniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zambia_Sugar=Zambia Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EziBuy=EziBuy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangzhou_Watch_Company=Hangzhou Watch Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softgarage=Softgarage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeptus_Health=Adeptus Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_Aircraft_Corporation=Mirage Aircraft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metascreen=Metascreen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ThermoSpas=ThermoSpas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Hut_Israel=Pizza Hut Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ND_Studios,_Karjat=ND Studios, Karjat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ministry_of_Supply_(clothing)=Ministry of Supply (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Technology-i_Co,_Ltd=System Technology-i Co, Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_GVS_Pharma=Bliss GVS Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Faller_KG=August Faller KG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ta_shing_(yacht)=Ta shing (yacht)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IHH_Healthcare=IHH Healthcare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VKC_Footwear=VKC Footwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silvateam=Silvateam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Apple_Pizza=Big Apple Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybertill=Cybertill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaShamen=HaShamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunkin'_Donuts_Israel=Dunkin' Donuts Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Bagel=Holy Bagel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ReNew_Power=ReNew Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelright=Travelright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cervalis=Cervalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT_Conference,_Inc.=AT Conference, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriva_TrainCare=Arriva TrainCare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightwire_Limited=Lightwire Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Shkulev_Media=Hearst Shkulev Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ad_Hominem_Enterprises=Ad Hominem Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andhra_Pradesh_State_Handloom_Weavers_Cooperative_Society=Andhra Pradesh State Handloom Weavers Cooperative Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Mega_Group=One Mega Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinat_Neuroscience_Corporation=Rinat Neuroscience Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacy_and_Witbeck=Stacy and Witbeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altimax_Broadcasting_Company=Altimax Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sycamore_Pictures=Sycamore Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirrus_Gallery=Cirrus Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elevation_Pictures=Elevation Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Grocers_Cooperative=Central Grocers Cooperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanzania_Breweries_Limited=Tanzania Breweries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwest_Engineering_&_Design=Midwest Engineering & Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gill_Industries=Gill Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Stream=School Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FCA_Italy_S.p.A.=FCA Italy S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppermost_Productions=Poppermost Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairview_Entertainment=Fairview Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DripDrop=DripDrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4YOU_Airlines=4YOU Airlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DOOM_Inc=DOOM Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Plus=K-Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LLP_Group=LLP Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manipal_Hospitals=Manipal Hospitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ChronoSync=ChronoSync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CI&T=CI&T
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aha!_(company)=Aha! (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donbasenergo=Donbasenergo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FiscalNote=FiscalNote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Rabbit_Studios=Mighty Rabbit Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_Pacific_Food=Century Pacific Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poerner_Engineering=Poerner Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BrowserStack=BrowserStack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikkakoski_(company)=Tikkakoski (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AKT_motos=AKT motos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostrum_Oil_&_Gas=Nostrum Oil & Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristol_Spaceplanes=Bristol Spaceplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aerolot=Aerolot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QNB_Bank=QNB Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teletrac=Teletrac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uganda_Electricity_Generation_Company_Limited=Uganda Electricity Generation Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prolifico_Group=Prolifico Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Sciences=Epic Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makelan_Corporation=Makelan Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottega_Giotti=Bottega Giotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soma_Engineering=Soma Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U2opia_Mobile=U2opia Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPD_International_(company)=RPD International (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let-Mont=Let-Mont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bytemark_Hosting=Bytemark Hosting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signa_Holding=Signa Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esterline=Esterline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globus_Medical=Globus Medical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Engineering=Omega Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orexigen_Therapeutics=Orexigen Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Bread=Wise Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technology_Service_Corporation=Technology Service Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Govia_Thameslink_Railway=Govia Thameslink Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Barrett_(salon)=John Barrett (salon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raaberbahn=Raaberbahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JC_Vickery=JC Vickery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Highways=Russian Highways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Techlink=Techlink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datavail=Datavail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nylo_Hotels=Nylo Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huon_Aquaculture=Huon Aquaculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brarudi=Brarudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myreno411=Myreno411
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Network,_LLC=Active Network, LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grain_Growers'_Grain_Company=Grain Growers' Grain Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standard_Deluxe=Standard Deluxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Land_and_Housing_Corporation=Korea Land and Housing Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Vision_Digital_TV=Kerala Vision Digital TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handy_(company)=Handy (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engen_Petroleum=Engen Petroleum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Brothers=Farmer Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BLV_Group_Corporation=BLV Group Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_View_Enterprises=World View Enterprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menulog=Menulog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Science=Body Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Australian_Gas_Company=South Australian Gas Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibml=Ibml
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSUCCESS_Technologies=CSUCCESS Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary_Sports_and_Entertainment=Calgary Sports and Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predixion_Software=Predixion Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_Fighting_Alliance=Resurrection Fighting Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styloko=Styloko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hola_(VPN)=Hola (VPN)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junkers_Profly=Junkers Profly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Dive_Studios=Night Dive Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aujas_Networks=Aujas Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceanpayment=Oceanpayment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platonov_Arts_Festival=Platonov Arts Festival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Comedians=Clean Comedians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betterware=Betterware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Belgian_Hockey_Association=Royal Belgian Hockey Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qorvo=Qorvo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BooksActually=BooksActually
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoTerra=DoTerra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbird_Flight_Simulations=Redbird Flight Simulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh_Transport_Undertaking=Chandigarh Transport Undertaking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchemist_Accelerator=The Alchemist Accelerator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/REDI_Global_Technologies=REDI Global Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atento=Atento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Co-operative_Elevator_Company=Saskatchewan Co-operative Elevator Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazprom_Promgaz=Gazprom Promgaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Showtime_(Kickboxing)=It's Showtime (Kickboxing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_City_Wrestling=Steel City Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roominate=Roominate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Index_Fund_Advisors=Index Fund Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundee_Shipbuilders_Company=Dundee Shipbuilders Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OneID=OneID
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finserve_Africa_Limited=Finserve Africa Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tieks=Tieks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SwitchUp=SwitchUp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strikingly=Strikingly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistl=Whistl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combined_Motor_Holdings_Limited=Combined Motor Holdings Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lang_Film=Lang Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warisan_Furniture=Warisan Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanatics_(sports_retailer)=Fanatics (sports retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indie_Rights=Indie Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoDigital_Media_Group=GoDigital Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Marine_Media=Dominion Marine Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RJMetrics=RJMetrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Videxport=Videxport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chew_Valley_Brewery=Chew Valley Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Proud=Picture Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CJK_Dictionary_Institute=CJK Dictionary Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chainalytics=Chainalytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taboola=Taboola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalyst_Pharmaceuticals=Catalyst Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Eastern_Electricity_Supply_Company_of_Odisha=North Eastern Electricity Supply Company of Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grid_Corporation_of_Odisha=Grid Corporation of Odisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Databricks=Databricks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WyzAnt=WyzAnt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TvNolly=TvNolly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeplink_(company)=Deeplink (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Box=Sports Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._Lauritzen_A/S=J. Lauritzen A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirky=Quirky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TeleChoice=TeleChoice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campaign_for_the_North=Campaign for the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynda_Obst_Productions=Lynda Obst Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashraf_Group_of_Industries=Ashraf Group of Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worthy.com=Worthy.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javelin_Aircraft=Javelin Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_and_T_Recovery=A and T Recovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SingldOut=SingldOut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Comedy=All Things Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consumer_Priority_Service_Corporation=Consumer Priority Service Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resorts_World_Bimini=Resorts World Bimini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KB_INDELA=KB INDELA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InvenSense=InvenSense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childrensalon=Childrensalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill.com=Bill.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nascotours_S.A.E=Nascotours S.A.E
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Capital_Partners=Beacon Capital Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GOQii=GOQii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICP_srl=ICP srl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novosbed=Novosbed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MokkoStudio=MokkoStudio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_US=Bridge US
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendricks_Holding_Company=Hendricks Holding Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Media_and_Entertainment=New Zealand Media and Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isis_Central_Sugar_Mill=Isis Central Sugar Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yottabyte_LLC=Yottabyte LLC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innerscope_Research=Innerscope Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincea=Invincea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Megawatts_Wind_Power=Mass Megawatts Wind Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoque=Restoque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boustead_Heavy_Industries=Boustead Heavy Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Tyre_Pakistan=General Tyre Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Y_Soft_Corporation=Y Soft Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkerton_Road_Studio=Pinkerton Road Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostage_UK=Hostage UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustpan_Recordings=Dustpan Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Industrial=Global Industrial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smaato=Smaato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ansarada=Ansarada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauter_AG=Sauter AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Level_Design=Top Level Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virobay=Virobay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siyaram_Silk_Mills=Siyaram Silk Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netsmart_Technologies=Netsmart Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Solar_Inc=Morgan Solar Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kupujemprodajem.com=Kupujemprodajem.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nucleus_Software_Exports_Ltd.=Nucleus Software Exports Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cdiscount=Cdiscount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Bird_Aircraft_Company=Early Bird Aircraft Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deca_(journalism_collective)=Deca (journalism collective)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Frames_Factory=24 Frames Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeedInvest=SeedInvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweed_Marijuana_Inc=Tweed Marijuana Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scentre_Group=Scentre Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardiac_Pacemakers,_Inc.=Cardiac Pacemakers, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Futura_(clothing)=Futura (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EVRYTHNG=EVRYTHNG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Applus+_IDIADA=Applus+ IDIADA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogobot=Gogobot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YYoga=YYoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekai_Project=Sekai Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onevest=Onevest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahindra_Truck_and_Bus_Division=Mahindra Truck and Bus Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friul_Intagli_Industries_S.p.A.=Friul Intagli Industries S.p.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Technology_Solutions=Game Technology Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Electrical_Industries_Limited=United Electrical Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmwood_Aviation=Elmwood Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cnova=Cnova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munchkin_Inc.=Munchkin Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versus_Evil=Versus Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizmo_AG=Dizmo AG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unison_Healthcare_Group=Unison Healthcare Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALBEDO_Telecom=ALBEDO Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STC_DELTA=STC DELTA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGraw_Electric=McGraw Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genplan_Institute_of_Moscow=Genplan Institute of Moscow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Corporation=Westfield Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zortrax=Zortrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Italia=Waste Italia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireblade_(Company)=Fireblade (Company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_Manufacturing_Company=Wagner Manufacturing Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency_Medical_Care=Emergency Medical Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmat=Salmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achievement_Hunter=Achievement Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prontohotel=Prontohotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RLF_Brands=RLF Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opennebula_Systems=Opennebula Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OpenNebula_Systems=OpenNebula Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UberConference=UberConference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SIVVI.COM=SIVVI.COM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_State_Cashew_Development_Corporation_Limited=Kerala State Cashew Development Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberta_Farmers'_Co-operative_Elevator_Company=Alberta Farmers' Co-operative Elevator Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Hubs=3D Hubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TicBits=TicBits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_Retail_Property_Fund=Inland Retail Property Fund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samvardhana_Motherson_Peguform=Samvardhana Motherson Peguform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarkett_d.o.o.=Tarkett d.o.o.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Cart=X-Cart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inland_American_Real_Estate_Investment_Trust=Inland American Real Estate Investment Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alteryx=Alteryx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campus_DJ=Campus DJ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99acres.com=99acres.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lift_London=Lift London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XLAB_d.o.o=XLAB d.o.o
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KUONI_SOTC=KUONI SOTC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transportation_Investment_Corporation=Transportation Investment Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razi_Vaccine_and_Serum_Research_Institute=Razi Vaccine and Serum Research Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rastriya_Samachar_Samiti=Rastriya Samachar Samiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Malleable_Iron_Company=Ontario Malleable Iron Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuehua_Entertainment=Yuehua Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukwala_Supermarkets=Ukwala Supermarkets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaumard_Scientific=Gaumard Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_Education_in_the_Arts=Youth Education in the Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LunaJets=LunaJets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapp_Werkzeugmaschinen=Kapp Werkzeugmaschinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaPorte_CPAs_and_Business_Advisors=LaPorte CPAs and Business Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DA_Architects_+_Planners=DA Architects + Planners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamatrix_Game_Studios=Dreamatrix Game Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WaldrichSiegen=WaldrichSiegen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Hospitals=Rainbow Hospitals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FRABA=FRABA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_River_Springs=Ice River Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emlin=Emlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stirling_Cooper=Stirling Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paolo_Shoes=Paolo Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Nanopore_Technologies=Oxford Nanopore Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadis_NV=Arcadis NV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GoodPop=GoodPop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr_Fox_Pharmacy=Dr Fox Pharmacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flexform=Flexform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amax_Engineering=Amax Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickles_Auctions=Pickles Auctions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzle_Lovers_Club=Puzzle Lovers Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulla_Reddy_Sweets=Pulla Reddy Sweets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertz_Car_Sales=Hertz Car Sales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprinklr=Sprinklr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stackify=Stackify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipico=Tipico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canteen_Brewhouse=Canteen Brewhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Pepper=James E. Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CIH_Bank=CIH Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metalogenia=Metalogenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PakWheels=PakWheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coop_(Hungary)=Coop (Hungary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Media_Limited=Tiger Media Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TKS_(company)=TKS (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Filter_Group=Roberts Filter Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MSN_(internet_service_provider)=MSN (internet service provider)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psyonix=Psyonix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Health_Connection=American Health Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Globo_Portugal=TV Globo Portugal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napapijri=Napapijri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flensburger_Fahrzeugbau=Flensburger Fahrzeugbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV_Record_Europa_(subsidiary)=TV Record Europa (subsidiary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Record_Mart=National Record Mart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeln=Feeln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenni_Rivera_Fashion=Jenni Rivera Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ytteborg_Brewery=Ytteborg Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N.T.R._Arts=N.T.R. Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grazing_Goat_Pictures=Grazing Goat Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamia=Dreamia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MitoMap=MitoMap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labuan_Shipyard_and_Engineering=Labuan Shipyard and Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Wildlife_Defence_Force=African Wildlife Defence Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore_Innovation_League=Singapore Innovation League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noor_Ophthalmology_Complex=Noor Ophthalmology Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecua-Andino_Hats=Ecua-Andino Hats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Classic_(Kazakhstan)=Radio Classic (Kazakhstan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Tate_Realtors=Allen Tate Realtors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barentzymes=Barentzymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TC_Group=TC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Diversified_Architectural_Consulting=Little Diversified Architectural Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Bateau=Petit Bateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QPR_Software=QPR Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindo=Bindo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolven=Evolven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frosty_Boy=Frosty Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promotional_Space=Promotional Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Media,_Inc.=Vice Media, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MobiKwik=MobiKwik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_James_Jewellers=Warren James Jewellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spot.IM=Spot.IM
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mziiki=Mziiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soundtracker_(music_streaming)=Soundtracker (music streaming)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_(Turku_shipyard)=Vulcan (Turku shipyard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tharaka_Prabhu_Films=Tharaka Prabhu Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tealium=Tealium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Magic_Ultralights=Air Magic Ultralights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dedicado=Dedicado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banyan_Tree_Holdings=Banyan Tree Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Tradition=London Tradition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euro_Foods_(UK)=Euro Foods (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quality_Capital_Management=Quality Capital Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamark_Group=Seamark Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varahi_Chalana_Chitram=Varahi Chalana Chitram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distell_Group_Limited=Distell Group Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Region_Internet_Society=Peace Region Internet Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Grid=Amber Grid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AppFlood=AppFlood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideapod=Ideapod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilderness_Safaris=Wilderness Safaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africell=Africell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obihai_Technology=Obihai Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemische_Industrie_Uithoorn=Chemische Industrie Uithoorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AkroTech_Aviation=AkroTech Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleiker=Bleiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie_Saint_James=Brasserie Saint James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavya_Creations=Bhavya Creations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aircraft_Technologies=Aircraft Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roehl_Transport=Roehl Transport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BeritaSatu_Media_Holdings=BeritaSatu Media Holdings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lister_Housing_Co-operative=Lister Housing Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnome_Motion_Picture_Company=Gnome Motion Picture Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom_Book_House=Blossom Book House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PAMP_(company)=PAMP (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contargo=Contargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayoxxa_Biosystems=Ayoxxa Biosystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theneeds=Theneeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesco_International_operations=Tesco International operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EnvisionTEC=EnvisionTEC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paragon_Restaurant=Paragon Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cellcom_Communications=Cellcom Communications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Isle_Studios=Blue Isle Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plumbr=Plumbr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mica_DIY=Mica DIY
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saaz_complect=Saaz complect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_Housing_Board=Telangana Housing Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transmission_Corporation_of_Telangana=Transmission Corporation of Telangana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modelbane_Europa=Modelbane Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Aid_Only=First Aid Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Technology=Good Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Aircraft_Design_Company=Williams Aircraft Design Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Valentine=Anna Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziggo=Ziggo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dentzel_Carousel_Company=Dentzel Carousel Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/QualiSystems=QualiSystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Foods_Cafe=Native Foods Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airports_of_Regions=Airports of Regions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UOL_HOST=UOL HOST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SHOP.CA=SHOP.CA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elm_information_security=Elm information security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veggie_Grill=Veggie Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honest_Company=The Honest Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongsberg_Gallium_Ltd.=Kongsberg Gallium Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayonier_Advanced_Materials=Rayonier Advanced Materials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_State_Industrial_Infrastructure_Corporation=Telangana State Industrial Infrastructure Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmon_Engineering_Company=Harmon Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SentinelOne=SentinelOne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listar=Listar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stem_Cell_Theranostics=Stem Cell Theranostics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariston_Thermo=Ariston Thermo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W.J._Jeffery_&_Co=W.J. Jeffery & Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_State_Southern_Power_Distribution_Company_Limited=Telangana State Southern Power Distribution Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_State_Northern_Power_Distribution_Company_Limited=Telangana State Northern Power Distribution Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_Playthings_Ltd=Peter Pan Playthings Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secop=Secop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Victoria_(company)=La Victoria (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Brands_Group=Global Brands Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loggly=Loggly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertic=Vertic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGold_Technologies=IGold Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruselectronics=Ruselectronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Development_Group=Millennium Development Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globant=Globant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UbiArt_Framework=UbiArt Framework
http://dbpedia.org/resource/APS_Payroll=APS Payroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solid_Air_UL-Bau_Franz=Solid Air UL-Bau Franz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Morris_Scientific=John Morris Scientific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AirLony=AirLony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcplan=Arcplan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwi_Bus_Builders=Kiwi Bus Builders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOR_Libchavy=SOR Libchavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Artists_Motion_Pictures=Escape Artists Motion Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invoice2go=Invoice2go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runa_Capital=Runa Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiconsult=Multiconsult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Miguel_Pure_Foods_Company,_Inc.=San Miguel Pure Foods Company, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Cartridge_Company=Austin Cartridge Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_(jewelry)=Pandora (jewelry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandberg_Storage=Tandberg Storage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intex_Technologies=Intex Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctia_Shipping=Arctia Shipping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realmac_Software=Realmac Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont_Brewing=Fremont Brewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Eye_Networks=Eagle Eye Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Trace=Crimson Trace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betta_Living=Betta Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Robots=Active Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA2.0=DNA2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lampin_Corporation=Lampin Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Berwick_and_Pratt_and_Partners=Thompson Berwick and Pratt and Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsu_(social_network)=Tsu (social network)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyrider_Flugschule=Skyrider Flugschule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opsonin_Pharma_Limited=Opsonin Pharma Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temasek_Foundation=Temasek Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korea_Internet_Neutral_Exchange=Korea Internet Neutral Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amicus_Therapeutics=Amicus Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3D_Robotics=3D Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temasek_Cares=Temasek Cares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CoMix_Wave_Films=CoMix Wave Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peab=Peab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Family=Silent Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LWG_Consulting,_Inc.=LWG Consulting, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CEG_TEK_International=CEG TEK International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BetMotion=BetMotion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Barrels=Three Barrels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amalto=Amalto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_Marshall=Forbes Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynamic_Signal=Dynamic Signal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quander=Quander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heesen_Yachts=Heesen Yachts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navitaire=Navitaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoogi's_Closet=Yoogi's Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mi9_(company)=Mi9 (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Talent_Agency=Atlas Talent Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilco_Global=Hilco Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.L.B_(Watches)=A.L.B (Watches)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_Glue=Music Glue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CERAWeek=CERAWeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Hexagon=Crimson Hexagon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzog_Heine_Geduld,_Inc.=Herzog Heine Geduld, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goedeker's=Goedeker's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oreltekmash=Oreltekmash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diaverum=Diaverum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donuts_(corporation)=Donuts (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oman_Insurance_Company=Oman Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alrifai=Alrifai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PowerTrike=PowerTrike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_(clothing)=Yellow (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadtbrauerei_Spalt=Stadtbrauerei Spalt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenia_Hotels_and_Resorts_(XHR)=Xenia Hotels and Resorts (XHR)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationstar_Mortgage=Nationstar Mortgage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Powder_Mills=American Powder Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Geyser_Water_Company=Crystal Geyser Water Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognetics_Corporation=Cognetics Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratna_Cafe=Ratna Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolls_Kill=Dolls Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Evans_(brand)=Paul Evans (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spire_Global=Spire Global
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Innovative_Research_Center_of_Traditional_Chinese_Medicine=Shanghai Innovative Research Center of Traditional Chinese Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ovolo_Hotels=Ovolo Hotels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celier_Aviation=Celier Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Light=Liquid Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayuge_Sugar_Industries_Limited=Mayuge Sugar Industries Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Transportation=Patriot Transportation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpenterie_Pagotto=Carpenterie Pagotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isehan_Cosmetics=Isehan Cosmetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_Analytics=Pyramid Analytics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JSK_Film_Corporation=JSK Film Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WOG_(gas_stations)=WOG (gas stations)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedgehog_Lab=Hedgehog Lab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzle_Break=Puzzle Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurocom_Corporation=Eurocom Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasniye_Kryl'ya=Krasniye Kryl'ya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicon_Dental_Implants=Bicon Dental Implants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Softstar=Softstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirupati_Development_Uganda_Limited=Tirupati Development Uganda Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JW_Bolton=JW Bolton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boltons_(bus_manufacturer)=Boltons (bus manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entertainment_One_Family=Entertainment One Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OCSiAl=OCSiAl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maritimo_(company)=Maritimo (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Aviation_Design_Bureau_of_Ukraine=General Aviation Design Bureau of Ukraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Beck=Der Beck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterborough_Software=Peterborough Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa_Trucks=Ottawa Trucks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAPPA_(studio)=MAPPA (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Powder_Company=Miami Powder Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkle_(video_game_company)=Inkle (video game company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alkon=Alkon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walsh_Bros=Walsh Bros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shumerlya_Special_Vehicles_Plant=Shumerlya Special Vehicles Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multiplex_Cinemas=Multiplex Cinemas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akright_Projects_Limited=Akright Projects Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odessa_Kino=Odessa Kino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proekt-technika=Proekt-technika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silpo=Silpo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Voice_Technologies=One Voice Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Mobile_Systems=Universal Mobile Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NetMarket=NetMarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy's_Circle=Jeremy's Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Lake_Entertainment=Crystal Lake Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequans=Sequans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_and_Partners=Fame and Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LandmarkShops=LandmarkShops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AfterShip=AfterShip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Army_Welfare_Housing_Organisation=Army Welfare Housing Organisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DFDS_Seaways_France=DFDS Seaways France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OncoMed=OncoMed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boels_Rental=Boels Rental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vijay_Sethupathi_Productions=Vijay Sethupathi Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Find_a_Crew=Find a Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WhoSay=WhoSay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydney_Fast_Ferries=Sydney Fast Ferries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaLink_Travel_Group=SeaLink Travel Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_Limited=Anime Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backtrack_Music=Backtrack Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Cruises,_Australia=Captain Cook Cruises, Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aditya_Music=Aditya Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KIMO_Industrie_Elektronik_GmbH=KIMO Industrie Elektronik GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wouzee=Wouzee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XXL_Sport_&_Villmark=XXL Sport & Villmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedem_Auction_House=Kedem Auction House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accredo=Accredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CROC=CROC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobbyit=Lobbyit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perigreen_Safe_Foods=Perigreen Safe Foods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_&_Co.=True & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleetmatics=Fleetmatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flapit=Flapit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DiggyPOD.com=DiggyPOD.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helix_Software_Company=Helix Software Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GNRC=GNRC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RPP_Film_Factory=RPP Film Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaadi=Khaadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cove_Energy_plc=Cove Energy plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foiwe=Foiwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolls-Royce_Controls_and_Data_Services=Rolls-Royce Controls and Data Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porta_dos_Fundos=Porta dos Fundos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsogo_Sun=Tsogo Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panaya=Panaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fullbright_(company)=Fullbright (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Fields_Brewery=London Fields Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plautus_Productions=Plautus Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuhair_Fayez_Partnership=Zuhair Fayez Partnership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AlienVault=AlienVault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightspeed_(company)=Lightspeed (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbanears=Urbanears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teotl_Studios=Teotl Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Resources=Pioneer Resources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stan_(streaming_company)=Stan (streaming company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presto_(streaming_company)=Presto (streaming company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saba_Foulad_Zagros=Saba Foulad Zagros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splice_(platform)=Splice (platform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handheld_Games=Handheld Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana_State_Beverages_Corporation_Limited=Telangana State Beverages Corporation Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dontnod_Entertainment=Dontnod Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Sompo_General_Insurance_Company=Universal Sompo General Insurance Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XBlades=XBlades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Didi_Dache=Didi Dache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zesty_(company)=Zesty (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yandex.Money=Yandex.Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FenixEdu=FenixEdu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cereal_Killer_Cafe=Cereal Killer Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CSELT=CSELT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divex=Divex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restaurant_Brands_International=Restaurant Brands International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Electronic_Certified_Professional=Mobile Electronic Certified Professional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantedge=Quantedge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostucan=Hostucan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tombola_(bingo_company)=Tombola (bingo company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patisserie_Valerie=Patisserie Valerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technopolis_Oyj=Technopolis Oyj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoomdata=Zoomdata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Team=Flight Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_Brothers_Disposal=Flood Brothers Disposal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_International_Group=Fortune International Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Knocks_Fighting=Hard Knocks Fighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drachen_Studio_Kecur=Drachen Studio Kecur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingleby_Company=Ingleby Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Pratts=Christopher Pratts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setra_Systems=Setra Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limoneira=Limoneira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WeRecoverData=WeRecoverData
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Numericable-SFR=Numericable-SFR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Bay_Press=At Bay Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avin_International_S.A.=Avin International S.A.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenkaippin=Tenkaippin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Insemination_Center_of_Quebec=Artificial Insemination Center of Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_Trading_Company=Cannon Trading Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon_Macroeconomics=Pantheon Macroeconomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vianovo=Vianovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polin_Waterparks_and_Pool_Systems=Polin Waterparks and Pool Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettleman's_Bagel_Co.=Kettleman's Bagel Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starkey_Hearing_Technologies=Starkey Hearing Technologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AOL_On=AOL On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuvash_National_Broadcasting_Company=Chuvash National Broadcasting Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ediya_Coffee=Ediya Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking_Phone_Networks=Thinking Phone Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cdv_Software_Entertainment=Cdv Software Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3d6_Games=3d6 Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emospark=Emospark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumroad=Gumroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quick_Off_The_Mark_Productions=Quick Off The Mark Productions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2i_Rete_Gas=2i Rete Gas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contship_Italia_Group=Contship Italia Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgreens_Boots_Alliance=Walgreens Boots Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhein-Flugzeugbau=Rhein-Flugzeugbau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vero_Insurance=Vero Insurance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masood_Textile_Mills=Masood Textile Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOGAS_Group=MOGAS Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_3_Telecom=Phase 3 Telecom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanningtons=Hanningtons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roularta_Media_Group=Roularta Media Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fransmart=Fransmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incubator_Games=Incubator Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironbark_Zinc=Ironbark Zinc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABOUTAsia_Travel=ABOUTAsia Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globo_plc=Globo plc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lystek=Lystek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyu_Media=Nyu Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colavita=Colavita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolzam=Kolzam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BB_Microlight=BB Microlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avio_Design=Avio Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezvani_Automotive_Designs=Rezvani Automotive Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anphabe.com=Anphabe.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquilair=Aquilair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Cupcakes=Twelve Cupcakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortiz_Gaming=Ortiz Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioTork=BioTork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auto_Europe=Auto Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3DLT=3DLT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CtrlS=CtrlS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_Gaming_Solutions=Genesis Gaming Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubimet=Ubimet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bede_Gaming=Bede Gaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Group=Dana Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_Training=Leap Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failbetter_Games=Failbetter Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mlekovita=Mlekovita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Tea=Joe Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnvera=Finnvera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talleres_Loring=Talleres Loring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latin_World_Entertainment=Latin World Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsons_Relocation=Robinsons Relocation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluesmart=Bluesmart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planview=Planview
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revaluate=Revaluate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CR_No_Guts_No_Glory=CR No Guts No Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airbridge_(ultralight_aircraft_manufacturer)=Airbridge (ultralight aircraft manufacturer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redback_Aviation=Redback Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trixy_Aviation_Products=Trixy Aviation Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Bits_Interactive=Fun Bits Interactive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomad_Goods=Nomad Goods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAZ_(studio)=NAZ (studio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basutoland_Ink=Basutoland Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groupe_Chantelle=Groupe Chantelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeopathy_Plus!=Homeopathy Plus!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotortec=Rotortec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodan_+_Fields=Rodan + Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Ranch=Hale Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BUT_(retailer)=BUT (retailer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_(company)=The One (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muteppou=Muteppou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Archery=Bear Archery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luxify=Luxify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_&_Flinders_Cruises=Bass & Flinders Cruises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lao_Asia_Pacific_Brewery=Lao Asia Pacific Brewery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernox=Fernox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruunshaab_Gamle_Papfabrik=Bruunshaab Gamle Papfabrik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotor_Flight_Dynamics=Rotor Flight Dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Priceline_Group=The Priceline Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StemCells,_Inc.=StemCells, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YU_Televentures=YU Televentures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_American_Rotorwerks=North American Rotorwerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niki_Rotor_Aviation=Niki Rotor Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecargo=Ecargo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Mercantile_Bancorp=Pacific Mercantile Bancorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primeira_Idade=Primeira Idade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mugen_Seiki=Mugen Seiki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layzell_Gyroplanes=Layzell Gyroplanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyro-Kopp-Ters=Gyro-Kopp-Ters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruff_'n'_Tumble_(clothing)=Ruff 'n' Tumble (clothing)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AutoGyro_GmbH=AutoGyro GmbH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harts_Local_Grocers=Harts Local Grocers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_Everard=Pick Everard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XtremeAir=XtremeAir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AerSale=AerSale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansford=Mansford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distar_Air=Distar Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viking_Aircraft=Viking Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Pacific_Brewery_Lanka=Asia Pacific Brewery Lanka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matahari_Hypermart=Matahari Hypermart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Aircraft=Just Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_Of_Freedom=Wings Of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrozzeria_Barbi=Carrozzeria Barbi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raceair_Designs=Raceair Designs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Plantations=United Plantations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AGS_Airports=AGS Airports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Store_Twenty_One=Store Twenty One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapanee_Aviation=Tapanee Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postmates=Postmates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_Flight=Custom Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Military_Bureau_of_Design_and_Technology=Central Military Bureau of Design and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belite_Aircraft=Belite Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_In_Leadership=Partners In Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Fund_for_Development_of_IT=State Fund for Development of IT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Text_Control=Text Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backcountry_Super_Cubs=Backcountry Super Cubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payoff,_Inc.=Payoff, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Tango=Team Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Busck_A/S=Arnold Busck A/S
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Dancer=Taiwan Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vericel=Vericel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duralex=Duralex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BRACE=BRACE
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Line_Health=Main Line Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Avions_Jean-Pierre_Marie=Les Avions Jean-Pierre Marie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OptiRTC=OptiRTC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Sky_Adventures=Green Sky Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roskilde_Forsyning=Roskilde Forsyning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AeroLites=AeroLites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Aerocraft=Warner Aerocraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everspark=Everspark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1-Page=1-Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thruster_Air_Services=Thruster Air Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Electric_DMS=Schneider Electric DMS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucampo_Pharmaceuticals=Sucampo Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wire_(software)=Wire (software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithlife_Corporation=Faithlife Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slyce=Slyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RenoNorden=RenoNorden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Cruiser=Cloud Cruiser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Channel_Master=Channel Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mac_Baren=Mac Baren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouvet_ASA=Bouvet ASA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Kors_(brand)=Michael Kors (brand)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Courrier_de_Floride=Le Courrier de Floride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorado_Software=Dorado Software
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrimony.com=Matrimony.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LendKey=LendKey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solenis=Solenis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummel_Aviation=Hummel Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Stone_-_The_Ski_Store=White Stone - The Ski Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecdesk=Tecdesk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sling_TV=Sling TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxcon_Aviation=Foxcon Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogoro=Gogoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roamler=Roamler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulupono_Initiative=Ulupono Initiative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havyard_Group=Havyard Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalaris=Zalaris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mighty_Corporation=Mighty Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auticon=Auticon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(Calendar)=Sunrise (Calendar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyleader=Skyleader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Films=Amber Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Airplane_Factory=The Airplane Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Dojo=Market Dojo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Aircraft=Paradise Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibis_Aircraft=Ibis Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannabis_Science_Inc.=Cannabis Science Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Marijuana,_Inc.=Medical Marijuana, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/37Games=37Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadiadwala_Grandson_Entertainment=Nadiadwala Grandson Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centre_for_Process_Innovation=Centre for Process Innovation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellamy's_Australia=Bellamy's Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbert_Aviation=Humbert Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_Co-op=Red River Co-op
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Energy=Ice Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Student_Housing_Co-operative=Birmingham Student Housing Co-operative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/OJD_France=OJD France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RJG_Inc.=RJG Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_Skis=Moment Skis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamant_Co.,_Ltd.=Adamant Co., Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radiant_Radish=The Radiant Radish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Crate=Japan Crate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_Renault=Dongfeng Renault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MainStay_Investments=MainStay Investments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deltec_Homes=Deltec Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_C._Marshall_Naval_Architect_Ltd.=Gregory C. Marshall Naval Architect Ltd.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Tea_Room=American Tea Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claussen_and_Claussen=Claussen and Claussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bresser_(corporation)=Bresser (corporation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillhouse_Capital_Group=Hillhouse Capital Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samachar_Bharti=Samachar Bharti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unipar_Carbocloro=Unipar Carbocloro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotogrinders=Rotogrinders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transfast=Transfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandis_India=Brandis India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ClearSign_Combustion=ClearSign Combustion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniface_(company)=Uniface (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperia_Online_Ltd=Imperia Online Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekolot=Ekolot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Fly_sro=Direct Fly sro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veeno=Veeno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorcin_Engineering_Company=Lorcin Engineering Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_Standards_Association=Japanese Standards Association
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Belgravia=Edge of Belgravia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Little_Trading_Co=Great Little Trading Co
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazelle_(internet_company)=Gazelle (internet company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icflix=Icflix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azpetrol=Azpetrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistle_Sports_Network=Whistle Sports Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Industries=Davis Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SpotHero=SpotHero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committee_Entertainment=Committee Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fashion_(website)=The Fashion (website)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Brews=Rock & Brews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MOD_Pizza=MOD Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agni_Motors=Agni Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CodeChef=CodeChef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MEGA_International_Srl.=MEGA International Srl.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shofur=Shofur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Co-operative_Travel_Management=Co-operative Travel Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Hughes_Engineering=Howard Hughes Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Aircraft_Kits=Australian Aircraft Kits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundance_Industries=Sundance Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JCT600_Ltd=JCT600 Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Produksi_Film_Negara=Produksi Film Negara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ATEC_v.o.s.=ATEC v.o.s.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usatine_Media=Usatine Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimpy=Crimpy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uplike=Uplike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patanjali_Ayurved=Patanjali Ayurved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayre_Acoustics=Ayre Acoustics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischer_Paper_Products=Fischer Paper Products
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claro_fair_trade=Claro fair trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Boquillas_Ranch=Little Boquillas Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looker_(Software)=Looker (Software)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipyourenemiesglitter.com=Shipyourenemiesglitter.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grain_Media=Grain Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compello=Compello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoneacre_Motor_Group=Stoneacre Motor Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panaramic_Entertainment=Panaramic Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fidelity_Printers_and_Refinery=Fidelity Printers and Refinery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwale_International_Sugar_Company_Limited=Kwale International Sugar Company Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M&S_Bank=M&S Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICI_Homes=ICI Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_Medicine=Foundation Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Rocket_Nation=Space Rocket Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gramedia_(bookstore)=Gramedia (bookstore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spud_Shed=Spud Shed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JetSmarter=JetSmarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argentren=Argentren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_Comedy=East India Comedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corredores_Ferroviarios=Corredores Ferroviarios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGuire_and_Hester=McGuire and Hester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmett/Furla/Oasis_Films=Emmett/Furla/Oasis Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunnan_Television=Yunnan Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Green_Men_Games=Little Green Men Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Ultralight_Aircraft=Apollo Ultralight Aircraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceylon_Biscuits_Limited=Ceylon Biscuits Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpi_Aviation=Alpi Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DigitalMania=DigitalMania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postal_Telegraph_Company=Postal Telegraph Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alisport=Alisport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energica_Motor_Company=Energica Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SPOTV=SPOTV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ig_Publishing=Ig Publishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Electric_Bordnetze=Sumitomo Electric Bordnetze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voltage_Pictures=Voltage Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panorama_Studios=Panorama Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stout_Risius_Ross=Stout Risius Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B3NET_Inc.=B3NET Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_+_Hoole=Harris + Hoole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_Holdings_Limited=Jubilee Holdings Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaChange_International=SeaChange International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/US_India_Business_Council=US India Business Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Wave_Rides=New Wave Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airsport=Airsport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Entertainment=Atlas Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telesta_Therapeutics=Telesta Therapeutics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_UK=Three UK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TJ_Taylor=TJ Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_&_Apel_Porzellan=Wagner & Apel Porzellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Ireland=Three Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildcraft=Wildcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HiFiMAN_Electronics=HiFiMAN Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Production_Automotive_Services=Production Automotive Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertime_Entertainment=Summertime Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_Monkeys=The Code Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Science_Youth_Forum_@_Singapore=International Science Youth Forum @ Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yieldmo=Yieldmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airo_Aviation=Airo Aviation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leibish_&_Co.=Leibish & Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatman_Films=Fatman Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ensygnia=Ensygnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanaria=Sanaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krossblade_Aerospace_Systems=Krossblade Aerospace Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_Film=Monsoon Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortech=Vortech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SNC-Lavalin=SNC-Lavalin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Star_Comics_Melbourne=All Star Comics Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Consulting=Team Consulting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transversal_Corporation=Transversal Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverbanks_Clinic=Riverbanks Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.A._Schiff_&_Associates=B.A. Schiff & Associates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sumitomo_Riko=Sumitomo Riko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrist-band.com=Wrist-band.com
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemp_&_Lauritzen=Kemp & Lauritzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidx=Bidx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airtel_India=Airtel India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IVI_Ryo_Corporation=IVI Ryo Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeadGenius=LeadGenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amouage=Amouage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higginbotham_Insurance_&_Financial_Services=Higginbotham Insurance & Financial Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakthi_Group=Sakthi Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calgary_Scientific_Inc=Calgary Scientific Inc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audimas=Audimas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Engineering=Teenage Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milacron=Milacron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Rath_Trombones=Michael Rath Trombones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefin_Robotics=Bluefin Robotics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanima_Bank=Sanima Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumari_Bank_Limited=Kumari Bank Limited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Cultivator=Urban Cultivator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nissin_Electric=Nissin Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_(appliance_company)=Atlas (appliance company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katz_Broadcasting=Katz Broadcasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalberg_Global_Development_Advisors=Dalberg Global Development Advisors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meru_Cabs=Meru Cabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natterbox=Natterbox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VRVis=VRVis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orgelbau_pirchner=Orgelbau pirchner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Collective=Rainbow Collective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracking_the_Wild=Tracking the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanadyne=Stanadyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EyeVerify=EyeVerify
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Forat=Bruce Forat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gojimo=Gojimo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgiato_Wheels=Forgiato Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Property_Company_of_Friends=Property Company of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datamyne=Datamyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Nova=Columbus Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Street_Partners=Charlotte Street Partners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galia_Lahav=Galia Lahav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PRA_Group=PRA Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri_Synergy=Tri Synergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Equipment_Holding=Aviation Equipment Holding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oerlikon_Leybold_Vacuum=Oerlikon Leybold Vacuum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widemex=Widemex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STEF=STEF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dribbble=Dribbble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IC_Group=IC Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DT_Group=DT Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Metals_Corp=Imperial Metals Corp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangtze_River_Pharmaceutical_Group=Yangtze River Pharmaceutical Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawley_Pharmaceuticals=Lawley Pharmaceuticals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orient_Electric=Orient Electric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ALDA_Events=ALDA Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Monkey_(company)=Space Monkey (company)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantia_Flexibles=Constantia Flexibles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Sportscopter=American Sportscopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayaba_Industry=Kayaba Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sony_Professional_Solutions=Sony Professional Solutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chino_corporation=Chino corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Urban_Road_Transport_Corporation=Kerala Urban Road Transport Corporation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heluva_Good!=Heluva Good!
