http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Farm=Animal Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modest_Proposal=A Modest Proposal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clockwork_Orange=A Clockwork Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plague=The Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fire_Upon_the_Deep=A Fire Upon the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Quiet_on_the_Western_Front=All Quiet on the Western Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wizard_of_Earthsea=A Wizard of Earthsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_I_a_Woman%3F_(book)=Ain't I a Woman? (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner_2:_The_Edge_of_Human=Blade Runner 2: The Edge of Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner_3:_Replicant_Night=Blade Runner 3: Replicant Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Factbook=The World Factbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_(J._G._Ballard_novel)=Crash (J. G. Ballard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Dune=Children of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapterhouse:_Dune=Chapterhouse: Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candide=Candide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmilla=Carmilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cider_House_Rules=The Cider House Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula=Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Quixote=Don Quixote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune_Messiah=Dune Messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_Te_Ching=Tao Te Ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin's_Dangerous_Idea=Darwin's Dangerous Idea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_in_Between=The Time in Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erewhon=Erewhon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchiridion_of_Epictetus=Enchiridion of Epictetus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial=The Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metamorphosis=The Metamorphosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_to_Choose=Free to Choose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahrenheit_451=Fahrenheit 451
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flambards=Flambards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Giles_of_Ham=Farmer Giles of Ham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaudy_Night=Gaudy Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Emperor_of_Dune=God Emperor of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_with_the_Wind=Gone with the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Turkey_Awards=The Golden Turkey Awards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Darkness=Heart of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holocaust_Industry=The Holocaust Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heretics_of_Dune=Heretics of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Huckleberry_Finn=Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Robot=I, Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmicomics=Cosmicomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe=Ivanhoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Got_His_Gun=Johnny Got His Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalevala=Kalevala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icehenge=Icehenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larousse_Gastronomique=Larousse Gastronomique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Microserfs=Microserfs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mein_Kampf=Mein Kampf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby-Dick=Moby-Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonfleet=Moonfleet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mere_Christianity=Mere Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manufacturing_Consent=Manufacturing Consent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuromancer=Neuromancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptonomicon=Cryptonomicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Oxford_American_Dictionary=New Oxford American Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Logo=No Logo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_English_Dictionary=Oxford English Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Stigmata_of_Palmer_Eldritch=The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Out_of_Joint=Time Out of Joint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_Free_Albemuth=Radio Free Albemuth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Androids_Dream_of_Electric_Sheep%3F=Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubik=Ubik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scanner_Darkly=A Scanner Darkly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Investigations=Philosophical Investigations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice=Pride and Prejudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Fire=Pale Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubaiyat_of_Omar_Khayyam=Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringworld=Ringworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendezvous_with_Rama=Rendezvous with Rama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_and_Sensibility=Sense and Sensibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaker_for_the_Dead=Speaker for the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troopers=Starship Troopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinners_in_the_Hands_of_an_Angry_God=Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuart_Little=Stuart Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_of_Perception=The Doors of Perception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Machine=The Time Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Origin_of_Species=On the Origin of Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shockwave_Rider=The Shockwave Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shining_(novel)=The Shining (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mort=Mort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractatus_Logico-Philosophicus=Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_the_Baskervilles=The Hound of the Baskervilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hobbit=The Hobbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Communist_Manifesto=The Communist Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_Cooperation=The Evolution of Cooperation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machinery_of_Freedom=The Machinery of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Computer_Contradictionary=The Computer Contradictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Divorce=The Great Divorce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Screwtape_Letters=The Screwtape Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Law=The Book of the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_for_Red_October=The Hunt for Red October
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debt_of_Honor=Debt of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cardinal_of_the_Kremlin=The Cardinal of the Kremlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel_in_the_Sky=Tunnel in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Culture=The Third Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problem_of_Pain=The Problem of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typee=Typee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mismeasure_of_Man=The Mismeasure of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bell_Curve=The Bell Curve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mythical_Man-Month=The Mythical Man-Month
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Picture_of_Dorian_Gray=The Picture of Dorian Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Computer_Programming=The Art of Computer Programming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_the_Decline_and_Fall_of_the_Roman_Empire=The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fountains_of_Paradise=The Fountains of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Courtier=The Book of the Courtier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeptical_Environmentalist=The Skeptical Environmentalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Gondoliers=The Silent Gondoliers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Flies=Lord of the Flies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Looking-Glass=Through the Looking-Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dispossessed=The Dispossessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Code=United States Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer_(Leiber_novel)=The Wanderer (Leiber novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2010:_Odyssey_Two=2010: Odyssey Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_World=Brave New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_Chronicles=The Martian Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Lost=Paradise Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Man=The Invisible Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illustrated_Man=The Illustrated Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Thousand_Leagues_Under_the_Sea=Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Aspidistra_Flying=Keep the Aspidistra Flying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illuminatus!_Trilogy=The Illuminatus! Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions'_Commentary_on_UNIX_6th_Edition,_with_Source_Code=Lions' Commentary on UNIX 6th Edition, with Source Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Sisyphus=The Myth of Sisyphus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good-Bye_to_All_That=Good-Bye to All That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Fair_(novel)=Vanity Fair (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cathedral_and_the_Bazaar=The Cathedral and the Bazaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_Patterns=Design Patterns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northanger_Abbey=Northanger Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Hunt=The Great Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_World=The Eye of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter's_Heart=Winter's Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crown_of_Swords=A Crown of Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_Eighty_Days=Around the World in Eighty Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grapes_of_Wrath=The Grapes of Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Green_Was_My_Valley=How Green Was My Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Audley's_Secret=Lady Audley's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_the_Damned=The Queen of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigi=Gigi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulliver's_Travels=Gulliver's Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_Purple=The Color Purple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Patient=The English Patient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Selfish_Gene=The Selfish Gene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert's_Rules_of_Order=Robert's Rules of Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forge_of_God=The Forge of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Music_(novel)=Blood Music (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_According_to_Garp=The World According to Garp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Bounty_(novel)=Mutiny on the Bounty (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mothman_Prophecies=The Mothman Prophecies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memory_of_Earth=The Memory of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixth_Column=Sixth Column
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Puppet_Masters=The Puppet Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_in_the_Willows=The Wind in the Willows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_(novel)=The Godfather (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Livingston_Seagull=Jonathan Livingston Seagull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunting_of_the_Snark=The Hunting of the Snark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Capitalism=Natural Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_After_Life_(book)=Life After Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Legend_(novel)=I Am Legend (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Mathematics_Comes_From=Where Mathematics Comes From
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(novel)=The Stranger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Ship_Galileo=Rocket Ship Galileo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_High_Castle=The Man in the High Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Cadet=Space Cadet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_This_Horizon=Beyond This Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starman_Jones=Starman Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Planets=Between Planets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podkayne_of_Mars=Podkayne of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_O=Story of O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeptic's_Dictionary=The Skeptic's Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Beast=The Star Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commentarii_de_Bello_Gallico=Commentarii de Bello Gallico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porgy_(novel)=Porgy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._No_(novel)=Dr. No (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andromeda_Strain=The Andromeda Strain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_Civilizations=Clash of Civilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Self_Controls_Its_Brain=How the Self Controls Its Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Out_in_Paris_and_London=Down and Out in Paris and London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Man=The Last Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transmigration_of_Timothy_Archer=The Transmigration of Timothy Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Gently's_Holistic_Detective_Agency=Dirk Gently's Holistic Detective Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steal_This_Book=Steal This Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonflight=Dragonflight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_Age=The Diamond Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Population_Bomb=The Population Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunchback_of_Notre-Dame=The Hunchback of Notre-Dame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland=Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_Wait_for_Last_Year=Now Wait for Last Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician's_Nephew=The Magician's Nephew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belgariad=The Belgariad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Malloreon=The Malloreon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements_of_Style=The Elements of Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patchwork_Girl_of_Oz=The Patchwork Girl of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Sail_Beyond_the_Sunset=To Sail Beyond the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_of_the_Galaxy=Citizen of the Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_the_Stars=Time for the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Star=Double Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Walks_Through_Walls=The Cat Who Walks Through Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Road=Glory Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_a_Strange_Land=Stranger in a Strange Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Fear_No_Evil=I Will Fear No Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Is_a_Harsh_Mistress=The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methuselah's_Children=Methuselah's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_A_User's_Manual=Life A User's Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dictionary_of_the_English_Language=A Dictionary of the English Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_(novel)=Ulysses (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Wizard_of_Oz=The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Eyre=Jane Eyre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuthering_Heights=Wuthering Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch-22=Catch-22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Crusoe=Robinson Crusoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_and_Present_Danger=Clear and Present Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salmon_of_Doubt=The Salmon of Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanotech_(anthology)=Nanotech (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dictionary_of_Modern_English_Usage=A Dictionary of Modern English Usage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Rackrent=Castle Rackrent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_(novel)=Emma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_and_the_Chocolate_Factory=Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Green_Gables=Anne of Green Gables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wasp_Factory=The Wasp Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espedair_Street=Espedair Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow_Road=The Crow Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consider_Phlebas=Consider Phlebas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inversions_(novel)=Inversions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1066_and_All_That=1066 and All That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ender's_Game=Ender's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flow_My_Tears,_the_Policeman_Said=Flow My Tears, the Policeman Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bored_of_the_Rings=Bored of the Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_(novel)=Friday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job:_A_Comedy_of_Justice=Job: A Comedy of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_in_the_Sky=Farmer in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Number_of_the_Beast_(novel)=The Number of the Beast (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolt_in_2100=Revolt in 2100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Planet_(novel)=Red Planet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Sold_the_Moon_(short_story_collection)=The Man Who Sold the Moon (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Hills_of_Earth_(short_story_collection)=The Green Hills of Earth (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assignment_in_Eternity=Assignment in Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation's_Edge=Foundation's Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_and_Earth=Foundation and Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caves_of_Steel=The Caves of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_to_Foundation=Prelude to Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Enough_for_Love=Time Enough for Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_into_Summer=The Door into Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Stones_(novel)=The Rolling Stones (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnham's_Freehold=Farnham's Freehold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maltese_Falcon_(novel)=The Maltese Falcon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_the_Sierra_Madre=The Treasure of the Sierra Madre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forsyte_Saga=The Forsyte Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funeral_in_Berlin=Funeral in Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billion-Dollar_Brain=Billion-Dollar Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kim_(novel)=Kim (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whit=Whit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostly_Harmless=Mostly Harmless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Son=Native Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Farewell_to_Arms=A Farewell to Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Women=Little Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imitation_of_Life_(novel)=Imitation of Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Command_(novel)=The Last Command (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_All_Flesh=The Way of All Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Adams_(novel)=Alice Adams (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodsworth_(novel)=Dodsworth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Horizon=Lost Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Mr._Chips=Goodbye, Mr. Chips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Mice_and_Men=Of Mice and Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishmael_(novel)=Ishmael (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Copperfield=David Copperfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childhood's_End=Childhood's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Prince=The Little Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Towers=The Two Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_King=The Return of the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Writing=On Writing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower_II:_The_Drawing_of_the_Three=The Dark Tower II: The Drawing of the Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower:_The_Gunslinger=The Dark Tower: The Gunslinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Stories=Six Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Different_Seasons=Different Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_(novella)=The Body (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower_III:_The_Waste_Lands=The Dark Tower III: The Waste Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower_IV:_Wizard_and_Glass=The Dark Tower IV: Wizard and Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyes_of_the_Dragon=The Eyes of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares_&_Dreamscapes=Nightmares & Dreamscapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Crew=Skeleton Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_in_Atlantis=Hearts in Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Shift_(book)=Night Shift (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Smoke=Blood and Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_Claiborne=Dolores Claiborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald's_Game=Gerald's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Loved_Tom_Gordon=The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Past_Midnight=Four Past Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Mile_(novel)=The Green Mile (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Walk=The Long Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solaris_(novel)=Solaris (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_U=The Big U
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Triffids=The Day of the Triffids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rape_of_Nanking_(book)=The Rape of Nanking (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Losses=Other Losses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Mr_Lewisham=Love and Mr Lewisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stardroppers=The Stardroppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limits_to_Growth=The Limits to Growth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Watchmaker=The Blind Watchmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie_(novel)=Carrie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Holes_and_Baby_Universes_and_Other_Essays=Black Holes and Baby Universes and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_History_of_Time=A Brief History of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watership_Down=Watership Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_the_Spy=Harriet the Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sleep=The Big Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones's_Diary=Bridget Jones's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moral_Politics_(book)=Moral Politics (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_of_the_Art=The State of the Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Player_of_Games=The Player of Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_to_Windward=Look to Windward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Use_of_Weapons=Use of Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excession=Excession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long,_and_Thanks_for_All_the_Fish=So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_Brighteyes=Eric Brighteyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choke_(novel)=Choke (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Friend_of_the_Earth=A Friend of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Lost_Time=In Search of Lost Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weirdstone_of_Brisingamen=The Weirdstone of Brisingamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Stain=The Human Stain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_at_Hanging_Rock_(novel)=Picnic at Hanging Rock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_the_Jury=I, the Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinks_...=Thinks ...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fisherman_of_the_Inland_Sea=A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Pinocchio=The Adventures of Pinocchio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_of_Wootton_Major=Smith of Wootton Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England,_England=England, England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune_(novel)=Dune (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_a_Dark_Background=Against a Dark Background
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feersum_Endjinn=Feersum Endjinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Like_That_(novel)=Just Like That (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Fox-Hunting_Man=Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Tom's_Cabin=Uncle Tom's Cabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beach_(novel)=The Beach (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Must_Advertise=Murder Must Advertise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_the_SubGenius=Book of the SubGenius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codex_Seraphinianus=Codex Seraphinianus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vicious_Circle=A Vicious Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_a_Mockingbird=To Kill a Mockingbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Go-Between=The Go-Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mildred_Pierce=Mildred Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Carol=A Christmas Carol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_History_(Pliny)=Natural History (Pliny)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_a_Boy_(novel)=About a Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Temptation_of_Christ=The Last Temptation of Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Lulu_Bett=Miss Lulu Bett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatland=Flatland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gulag_Archipelago=The Gulag Archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Crash=Snow Crash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_Puppy=Sick Puppy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zenda=The Prisoner of Zenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gatsby=The Great Gatsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Comedy_(novel)=The Human Comedy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Whom_the_Bell_Tolls=For Whom the Bell Tolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Eye_for_an_Eye:_The_Untold_Story_of_Jewish_Revenge_Against_Germans_in_1945=An Eye for an Eye: The Untold Story of Jewish Revenge Against Germans in 1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belgarath_the_Sorcerer=Belgarath the Sorcerer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Russia,_with_Love_(novel)=From Russia, with Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tombs_of_Atuan=The Tombs of Atuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coraline=Coraline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Omens=Good Omens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interview_with_the_Vampire=Interview with the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartarin_of_Tarascon=Tartarin of Tarascon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SS-GB=SS-GB
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnegans_Wake=Finnegans Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Lives=Brief Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_Liff=The Meaning of Liff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Suicides=The Virgin Suicides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Makes_Sammy_Run%3F=What Makes Sammy Run?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Razor's_Edge=The Razor's Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homage_to_Catalonia=Homage to Catalonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_World_and_Welcome_to_It=My World and Welcome to It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Solomon's_Mines=King Solomon's Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Spring=Silent Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babel-17=Babel-17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Languages_of_Pao=The Languages of Pao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Count_of_Monte_Cristo=The Count of Monte Cristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Cradle=Cat's Cradle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primal_Scream=The Primal Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Structure_and_Interpretation_of_Computer_Programs=Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excellent_Women=Excellent Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans_of_the_Sky=Orphans of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tess_of_the_d'Urbervilles=Tess of the d'Urbervilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Pimpernel=The Scarlet Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robe=The Robe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closing_of_the_American_Mind=The Closing of the American Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_and_Market=Power and Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirty-Nine_Steps=The Thirty-Nine Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walking_Tour_of_the_Shambles=A Walking Tour of the Shambles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_Warfare=Class Warfare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Air=Dead Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exorcist_(novel)=The Exorcist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Severed_Head=A Severed Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Up_for_Air=Coming Up for Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Spiritual_Machines=The Age of Spiritual Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Puppets=Shadow Puppets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Almanac=World Almanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Mars=The Road to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_trilogy=Mars trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regeneration_(novel)=Regeneration (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquest_of_Bread=The Conquest of Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whalestoe_Letters=The Whalestoe Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Leaves=House of Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_to_Remember_(book)=A Night to Remember (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Goddess=The White Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Bough=The Golden Bough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Disillusionment_in_Russia=My Disillusionment in Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoree=Restoree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_in_Yellow=The King in Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Roberts_(novel)=Mister Roberts (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auntie_Mame=Auntie Mame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_Gantry=Elmer Gantry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_and_Lovers=Sons and Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Kind_of_Science=A New Kind of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Great_Depression=America's Great Depression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(Palahniuk_novel)=Survivor (Palahniuk novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water-Babies,_A_Fairy_Tale_for_a_Land_Baby=The Water-Babies, A Fairy Tale for a Land Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle=The Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Guns,_Less_Crime=More Guns, Less Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ants=The Ants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quotations_from_Chairman_Mao_Tse-tung=Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_7_(novel)=Level 7 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victorian_Internet=The Victorian Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_World_Records=Guinness World Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince=The Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sounder=Sounder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_President's_Men=All the President's Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_(Asimov_novel)=Nemesis (Asimov novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lust_Lizard_of_Melancholy_Cove=The Lust Lizard of Melancholy Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_the_Sequined_Love_Nun=Island of the Sequined Love Nun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memory_of_Whiteness=The Memory of Whiteness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Tame_Gazelle=Some Tame Gazelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartet_in_Autumn=Quartet in Autumn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satyricon=Satyricon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_History_and_the_Last_Man=The End of History and the Last Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns,_Germs,_and_Steel=Guns, Germs, and Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Passage_to_India=A Passage to India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Room_with_a_View=A Room with a View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alas,_Babylon=Alas, Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_National_Formulary=British National Formulary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_and_Health_with_Key_to_the_Scriptures=Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Carrie=Sister Carrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Tourist=The Accidental Tourist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamb:_The_Gospel_According_to_Biff,_Christ's_Childhood_Pal=Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remains_of_the_Day=The Remains of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_and_Punishment=Crime and Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_Way_and_Other_Stories=The Martian Way and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Dark_Tea-Time_of_the_Soul=The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_God_Was_a_Woman=When God Was a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Wigan_Pier=The Road to Wigan Pier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etymologiae=Etymologiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damage_(Hart_novel)=Damage (Hart novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Earth=Imperial Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway_Children=The Railway Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Visions=Dangerous Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolat_(novel)=Chocolat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Road=The Ghost Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemary's_Baby_(novel)=Rosemary's Baby (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Perfect_Day=This Perfect Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_Brazil_(novel)=The Boys from Brazil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ego_and_Its_Own=The Ego and Its Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Genji=The Tale of Genji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amadis_de_Gaula=Amadis de Gaula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_and_Commander=Master and Commander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Daniel_Webster=The Devil and Daniel Webster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Eternity=The End of Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Ton_beau_de_Marot=Le Ton beau de Marot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newcomes=The Newcomes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heechee=Heechee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dorrit=Little Dorrit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anarchists=The Anarchists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Expectations=Great Expectations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_in_the_Hat=The Cat in the Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Called_Horse_(short_story)=A Man Called Horse (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Angels_Fear_to_Tread=Where Angels Fear to Tread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shulchan_Aruch=Shulchan Aruch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shame_(Rushdie_novel)=Shame (Rushdie novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight's_Children=Midnight's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent's_Last_Case=Trent's Last Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Libertine=I, Libertine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverley_(novel)=Waverley (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Lestat=The Vampire Lestat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_the_Body_Thief=The Tale of the Body Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memnoch_the_Devil=Memnoch the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farther_Adventures_of_Robinson_Crusoe=The Farther Adventures of Robinson Crusoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_120_Days_of_Sodom=The 120 Days of Sodom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walden_Two=Walden Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Peace=War and Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Beach_(novel)=On the Beach (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune_of_the_Rougons=The Fortune of the Rougons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Argent=L'Argent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crying_of_Lot_49=The Crying of Lot 49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_of_Shadows=Jack of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Body%3F=Whose Body?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clouds_of_Witness=Clouds of Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_Death=Unnatural Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpleasantness_at_the_Bellona_Club=The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Poison=Strong Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Red_Herrings=Five Red Herrings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_Tailors=The Nine Tailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_His_Carcase=Have His Carcase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busman's_Honeymoon=Busman's Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrones,_Dominations=Thrones, Dominations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_in_August=Light in August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consciousness_Explained=Consciousness Explained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Scientific_Discovery=The Logic of Scientific Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_the_Three_Kingdoms=Romance of the Three Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_in_the_Sea=The Dragon in the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination:_Void=Destination: Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipping_Star=Whipping Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dosadi_Experiment=The Dosadi Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transparent_Society=The Transparent Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poisoned_Chocolates_Case=The Poisoned Chocolates Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vurt=Vurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Food_Nation=Fast Food Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dice_Man=The Dice Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_the_Dice_Man=The Search for the Dice Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_Wim=Adventures of Wim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Karenina=Anna Karenina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Fidelity_(novel)=High Fidelity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_House_Mystery=The Red House Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamcatcher_(novel)=Dreamcatcher (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaves_of_Grass=Leaves of Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foucault's_Pendulum=Foucault's Pendulum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Bovary=Madame Bovary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang=Chitty-Chitty-Bang-Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oliver_Twist=Oliver Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Eden_(novel)=East of Eden (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_and_the_Sea=The Old Man and the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_Men=The Children of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_Who_Came_in_from_the_Cold=The Spy Who Came in from the Cold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_Is_a_Lonely_Hunter=The Heart Is a Lonely Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fixer_(novel)=The Fixer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Postman=The Postman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Opera=The Phantom of the Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_the_Orient_Express=Murder on the Orient Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_of_Serious_Drinking=A Night of Serious Drinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Liar=Billy Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wiki_Way=The Wiki Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Psycho=American Psycho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalimantaan=Kalimantaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_Ideas=The Future of Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_the_Sun=The City of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flare_(novel)=Flare (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_of_Light_and_Darkness=Creatures of Light and Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Handmaid's_Tale=The Handmaid's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlemarch=Middlemarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pearl_(novel)=The Pearl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barchester_Towers=Barchester Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_in_Havana=Our Man in Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Wind:_West_Wind=East Wind: West Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agenda_21=Agenda 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Claudius=I, Claudius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Island=Treasure Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray's_Anatomy=Gray's Anatomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steppenwolf_(novel)=Steppenwolf (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Encyclopedia=Columbia Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfinger_(novel)=Goldfinger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Volcano=Under the Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironweed_(novel)=Ironweed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl,_Interrupted=Girl, Interrupted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Gods=Small Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingo_(novel)=Jingo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Love=The Pursuit of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamagical_Themas=Metamagical Themas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonraker_(novel)=Moonraker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Night_Falls=Before Night Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie's_Choice_(novel)=Sophie's Choice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extended_Phenotype=The Extended Phenotype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_the_Jew=Season of the Jew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anxiety_of_Influence=The Anxiety of Influence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Plague=The White Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Urantia_Book=The Urantia Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilgrim's_Progress=The Pilgrim's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Santaroga_Barrier=The Santaroga Barrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Columbus=Goodbye, Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anatomy_of_Melancholy=The Anatomy of Melancholy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Storm_Rising=Red Storm Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Debris=God's Debris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Chatterley's_Lover=Lady Chatterley's Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorrows_of_Young_Werther=The Sorrows of Young Werther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Existentialism_and_Humanism=Existentialism and Humanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Tom_Jones,_a_Foundling=The History of Tom Jones, a Foundling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(Albert_Camus_novel)=The Fall (Albert Camus novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Hour_(novel)=The Golden Hour (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Earth=The Quiet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Third_Reich=Inside the Third Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Tollbooth=The Phantom Tollbooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Shock=Future Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Mental_Illness=The Myth of Mental Illness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred_and_One_Dalmatians=The Hundred and One Dalmatians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Philosophical_Investigation=A Philosophical Investigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tortilla_Curtain=The Tortilla Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fountainhead=The Fountainhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Cities=Invisible Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berserker_(Saberhagen)=Berserker (Saberhagen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Continent=The Last Continent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_Nymph_(novel)=The Constant Nymph (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contact_(novel)=Contact (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Devil's_Chaplain=A Devil's Chaplain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gods=American Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(novel)=Stardust (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_on_Fire:_How_Exporting_Free_Market_Democracy_Breeds_Ethnic_Hatred_and_Global_Instability=World on Fire: How Exporting Free Market Democracy Breeds Ethnic Hatred and Global Instability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_in_the_Stone=The Sword in the Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidereus_Nuncius=Sidereus Nuncius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necessary_Illusions=Necessary Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Mind=Children of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Slave=Time Slave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Chalice=The Silver Chalice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thus_Spoke_Zarathustra=Thus Spoke Zarathustra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaughterhouse-Five=Slaughterhouse-Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catcher_in_the_Rye=The Catcher in the Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Rose=The Name of the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_&_Dixon=Mason & Dixon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Member_of_the_Wedding=The Member of the Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burr_(novel)=Burr (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnificent_Obsession=Magnificent Obsession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V.=V.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samguk_Sagi=Samguk Sagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Records_of_the_Grand_Historian=Records of the Grand Historian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight_Moon=Goodnight Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictionary_of_American_Naval_Fighting_Ships=Dictionary of American Naval Fighting Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portnoy's_Complaint=Portnoy's Complaint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eugene_Onegin=Eugene Onegin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compilers:_Principles,_Techniques,_and_Tools=Compilers: Principles, Techniques, and Tools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbow_Room_(book)=Elbow Room (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Captain_Underpants=The Adventures of Captain Underpants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rowan=The Rowan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andromeda_(novel)=Andromeda (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_(book)=Leviathan (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecotopia=Ecotopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Seed=The Bad Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Tree_House_series=Magic Tree House series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turner_Diaries=The Turner Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Primitive:_The_New_Ecotopias=Future Primitive: The New Ecotopias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life,_the_Universe_and_Everything=Life, the Universe and Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meetings_with_Remarkable_Men=Meetings with Remarkable Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beelzebub's_Tales_to_His_Grandson=Beelzebub's Tales to His Grandson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Sawyer=The Adventures of Tom Sawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stupid_White_Men_...and_Other_Sorry_Excuses_for_the_State_of_the_Nation!=Stupid White Men ...and Other Sorry Excuses for the State of the Nation!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_and_Nothingness=Being and Nothingness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind's_I=The Mind's I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebble_in_the_Sky=Pebble in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dred:_A_Tale_of_the_Great_Dismal_Swamp=Dred: A Tale of the Great Dismal Swamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Democracy_Money_Can_Buy=The Best Democracy Money Can Buy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenant_of_Wildfell_Hall=The Tenant of Wildfell Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Canticle_for_Leibowitz=A Canticle for Leibowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Tungsten=Uncle Tungsten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Encyclopedia_of_Science_Fiction=The Encyclopedia of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schott's_Miscellany=Schott's Miscellany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ender's_Shadow=Ender's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Book_Encyclopedia=World Book Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cards_on_the_Table=Cards on the Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/777_and_Other_Qabalistic_Writings_of_Aleister_Crowley=777 and Other Qabalistic Writings of Aleister Crowley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickel_and_Dimed=Nickel and Dimed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gambler_(novel)=The Gambler (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(C._S._Forester_novel)=The General (C. S. Forester novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bell_Jar=The Bell Jar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jude_the_Obscure=Jude the Obscure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democracy_in_America=Democracy in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giver=The Giver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neanderthals,_Bandits_and_Farmers=Neanderthals, Bandits and Farmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Book=The Jungle Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Solitary_Grief=A Solitary Grief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pauper=The Prince and the Pauper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenocide=Xenocide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourcery=Sourcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Can't_Happen_Here=It Can't Happen Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brilliant_Career=My Brilliant Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Years_in_Tibet=Seven Years in Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanny_Hill=Fanny Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restaurant_at_the_End_of_the_Universe=The Restaurant at the End of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Personae=Sexual Personae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_Tragedy=The Birth of Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teenage_Liberation_Handbook=The Teenage Liberation Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare's_sonnets=Shakespeare's sonnets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_the_Project_Management_Body_of_Knowledge=A Guide to the Project Management Body of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebel_Angels=The Rebel Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macrolife=Macrolife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apologia_Pro_Vita_Sua=Apologia Pro Vita Sua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_We_Have_Faces=Till We Have Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moonstone=The Moonstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heidi=Heidi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Hideous_Strength=That Hideous Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Cold_Blood=In Cold Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_Matter=The Heart of the Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legacy_of_Heorot=The Legacy of Heorot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/VALIS=VALIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Beauty_Quartet=The Sleeping Beauty Quartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anabasis_(Xenophon)=Anabasis (Xenophon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_in_the_Blue=Arrow in the Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrible_Histories_(book_series)=Horrible Histories (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacking_Matter=Hacking Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigger:_An_Autobiography_by_Dick_Gregory=Nigger: An Autobiography by Dick Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Dialectical_Reason=Critique of Dialectical Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marathon_Man_(novel)=Marathon Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Velveteen_Rabbit=The Velveteen Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Sense_(pamphlet)=Common Sense (pamphlet)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Orders=Executive Orders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bias:_A_CBS_Insider_Exposes_How_the_Media_Distort_the_News=Bias: A CBS Insider Exposes How the Media Distort the News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consilience_(book)=Consilience (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_William=Just William
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Au_Bonheur_des_Dames=Au Bonheur des Dames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Jungle_Book=The Second Jungle Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absalom,_Absalom!=Absalom, Absalom!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brideshead_Revisited=Brideshead Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collector=The Collector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Solomon's_Carpet=King Solomon's Carpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_the_Apes_(novel)=Planet of the Apes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_House_at_Allington=The Small House at Allington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_and_Leaf=Tree and Leaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bungalow_Mystery=The Bungalow Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framley_Parsonage=Framley Parsonage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Google_Hacks=Google Hacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Ask_Alice=Go Ask Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Musketeers=The Three Musketeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Stories_(Salinger)=Nine Stories (Salinger)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susannah_of_the_Mounties=Susannah of the Mounties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prime_of_Miss_Jean_Brodie_(novel)=The Prime of Miss Jean Brodie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prozac_Nation=Prozac Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_the_Clouds=Death in the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halsbury's_Laws_of_England=Halsbury's Laws of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Affair_at_Styles=The Mysterious Affair at Styles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweep_(book_series)=Sweep (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypnerotomachia_Poliphili=Hypnerotomachia Poliphili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invincible=The Invincible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Dalloway=Mrs Dalloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_of_Economics=Principles of Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything's_Eventual=Everything's Eventual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pianist_(memoir)=The Pianist (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Murder=Sleeping Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Royale=Battle Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Tales=Unfinished Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_House=Crooked House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Andrews=Joseph Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Study_in_Scarlet=A Study in Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Finn=Phineas Finn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranford_(novel)=Cranford (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Limits=Beyond the Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_with_My_Aunt=Travels with My Aunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glue_(novel)=Glue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ann_Veronica=Ann Veronica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glimpses_of_World_History=Glimpses of World History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaravati_Kathalu=Amaravati Kathalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lord_Fauntleroy=Little Lord Fauntleroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expedition_of_Humphry_Clinker=The Expedition of Humphry Clinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lover_(Duras_novel)=The Lover (Duras novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorna_Doone=Lorna Doone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_and_the_Fury=The Sound and the Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phineas_Redux=Phineas Redux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duke's_Children=The Duke's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Deronda=Daniel Deronda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Princes_in_Amber=Nine Princes in Amber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courts_of_Chaos=The Courts of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_of_the_Unicorn=Sign of the Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Avalon=The Guns of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_of_Oberon=The Hand of Oberon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_and_the_Art_of_Motorcycle_Maintenance=Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_for_Fire=The Quest for Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Sex=The Joy of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadmarks=Roadmarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_Light=Lord of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mishnah_Berurah=Mishnah Berurah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BFG=The BFG
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tommyknockers=The Tommyknockers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchy_in_Action=Anarchy in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_West=Journey to the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/253_(novel)=253 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Boys_(novel)=Lost Boys (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_of_the_Five_Towns=Anna of the Five Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eustace_Diamonds=The Eustace Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainspotting_(novel)=Trainspotting (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Wives'_Tale=The Old Wives' Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Gas_(novel)=Laughing Gas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Grove_Dictionary_of_Music_and_Musicians=The New Grove Dictionary of Music and Musicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthem_(novella)=Anthem (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_(novel)=We (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Migraine_(book)=Migraine (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Remorse=Without Remorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democracy:_An_American_Novel=Democracy: An American Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_a_Nightingale=Ode to a Nightingale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Tulip=The Black Tulip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cujo=Cujo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Action=Human Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Joy_in_Heaven=More Joy in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universe_in_a_Nutshell=The Universe in a Nutshell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Dove=Lonesome Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warring_States_(novel)=Warring States (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice_Effect=The Practice Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_Museum_Is_Falling_Down=The British Museum Is Falling Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_Man=The History Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turn_of_the_Screw=The Turn of the Screw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Lieutenant's_Woman=The French Lieutenant's Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Hegemon=Shadow of the Hegemon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Either/Or=Either/Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frindle=Frindle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Family_and_Other_Animals=My Family and Other Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_a_Nobody=The Diary of a Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Caspian=Prince Caspian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion,_the_Witch_and_the_Wardrobe=The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_Instinct=The Language Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_Colors_(novel)=Primary Colors (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moveable_Feast=A Moveable Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_of_Roger_Ackroyd=The Murder of Roger Ackroyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A.B.C._Murders=The A.B.C. Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Theory_of_Justice=A Theory of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Chasm=Crossing the Chasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Euclid's_Elements=Euclid's Elements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Futurological_Congress=The Futurological Congress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela's_Ashes=Angela's Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_and_Lucinda=Oscar and Lucinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_(novel)=Zodiac (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jay's_Journal=Jay's Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Eyes_Were_Watching_God=Their Eyes Were Watching God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Earth_to_the_Moon=From the Earth to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underworld_(DeLillo_novel)=Underworld (DeLillo novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Pillars_of_Wisdom=Seven Pillars of Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oath=The Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Difference_Engine=The Difference Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testament_of_Youth=Testament of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_of_Athos=Ethan of Athos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Assassin=The Blind Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Harvest=Red Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mommie_Dearest=Mommie Dearest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Moved_My_Cheese%3F=Who Moved My Cheese?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_&_Golem,_Inc.=God & Golem, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Edgware_Dies=Lord Edgware Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Crack'd_from_Side_to_Side=The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Corelli's_Mandolin=Captain Corelli's Mandolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_New_Hampshire=The Hotel New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_(novel)=The Bridge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhalgren=Dhalgren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scar=The Scar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Trembling=Fear and Trembling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Comfort_Farm=Cold Comfort Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Household_Words=Household Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatter's_Castle=Hatter's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity's_Rainbow=Gravity's Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Venice=Death in Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effi_Briest=Effi Briest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddenbrooks=Buddenbrooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Jackal=The Day of the Jackal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egyptian=The Egyptian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Presumption_of_Death=A Presumption of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tenured_Professor=A Tenured Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumps_of_Doom=Trumps of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_the_Red_Chamber=Dream of the Red Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Wish_to_Inform_You_That_Tomorrow_We_Will_Be_Killed_with_Our_Families=We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nice_Work=Nice Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Mask=The Haunted Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Nikola_Tesla_patents=List of Nikola Tesla patents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Lunch=Naked Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattern_Recognition_(novel)=Pattern Recognition (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperation_(novel)=Desperation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gift_Upon_the_Shore=A Gift Upon the Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chrysalids=The Chrysalids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Goes_There%3F=Who Goes There?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Amber=Blood of Amber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sign_of_Chaos=Sign of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Motion=Strong Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_of_Shadows=Knight of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Chaos=Prince of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porno_(novel)=Porno (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Dictionary=Macquarie Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_of_the_Last_Tycoon=The Love of the Last Tycoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Me_the_Waltz=Save Me the Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_(novel)=It (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Candy=Angry Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Maurice_and_his_Educated_Rodents=The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permutation_City=Permutation City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fieldwork_(novel)=Fieldwork (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wee_Free_Men=The Wee Free Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_the_Sun=The Dark Side of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strata_(novel)=Strata (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Music_(novel)=Soul Music (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard_(Vonnegut_novel)=Bluebeard (Vonnegut novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Pitch=Fever Pitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_Good=How to Be Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderball_(novel)=Thunderball (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_Unbound=India Unbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_of_Compiler_Design=Principles of Compiler Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letter=The Scarlet Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Years_Before_the_Mast=Two Years Before the Mast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_G-String_Murders=The G-String Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alexandria_Quartet=The Alexandria Quartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Craddock=Mrs Craddock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideous_Kinky=Hideous Kinky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myra_Breckinridge=Myra Breckinridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_(novel)=Virginia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Only_Live_Twice_(novel)=You Only Live Twice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stand=The Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Golden_Gun_(novel)=The Man with the Golden Gun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Censored_Roger_Rabbit%3F=Who Censored Roger Rabbit?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_School_Bus_at_the_Waterworks=The Magic School Bus at the Waterworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_School_Bus_Lost_in_the_Solar_System=The Magic School Bus Lost in the Solar System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walden=Walden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_My_Girlfriend_and_I_Have_Argued_About=Things My Girlfriend and I Have Argued About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_for_Jeeves=Ring for Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Margin=Water Margin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Effect_(novel)=The Lazarus Effect (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Stone=The First Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblomov=Oblomov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diaspora_(novel)=Diaspora (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schild's_Ladder=Schild's Ladder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_City_(book)=Sex and the City (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_on_the_Links=The Murder on the Links
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_in_the_Garden_of_Good_and_Evil=Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hero_with_a_Thousand_Faces=The Hero with a Thousand Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mangy_Parrot=The Mangy Parrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Years_of_Rice_and_Salt=The Years of Rice and Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Protocol=The Fourth Protocol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Tom_Bombadil=The Adventures of Tom Bombadil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Eternity_Code=Artemis Fowl: The Eternity Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downsize_This!=Downsize This!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AP_Stylebook=AP Stylebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electric_Kool-Aid_Acid_Test=The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_Themselves=The Gods Themselves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte's_Web=Charlotte's Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Opinions_of_Tristram_Shandy,_Gentleman=The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadsby_(novel)=Gadsby (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howl's_Moving_Castle=Howl's Moving Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_(novel)=Joy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_of_Champions=Breakfast of Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Night=Mother Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Forest=The Forbidden Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_and_Mirrors_(story_collection)=Smoke and Mirrors (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Mary_Dunne=I Am Mary Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Evolves=Freedom Evolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Six_(novel)=Rainbow Six (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmine_(novel)=Jasmine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Madding_Crowd=Far from the Madding Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vineland=Vineland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallowe'en_Party=Hallowe'en Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Destiny_of_The_Mother_Church=The Destiny of The Mother Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Sun=Empire of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_and_the_Lying_Liars_Who_Tell_Them=Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_Code_of_Georgia_Annotated=Official Code of Georgia Annotated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Ahead_(Bill_Gates_book)=The Road Ahead (Bill Gates book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Storm=The Ice Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Obelisk=The Black Obelisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Comrades_(novel)=Three Comrades (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_John:_A_Book_About_Men=Iron John: A Book About Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imitation_of_Christ=The Imitation of Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forever_War=The Forever War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspects_of_Love_(novel)=Aspects of Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goal_(novel)=The Goal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi,_a_Life_in_the_Woods=Bambi, a Life in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_(Isaac_Asimov_novel)=Foundation (Isaac Asimov novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robots_and_Empire=Robots and Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Foundation=Second Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unsafe_at_Any_Speed=Unsafe at Any Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PiHKAL=PiHKAL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vicomte_of_Bragelonne:_Ten_Years_Later=The Vicomte of Bragelonne: Ten Years Later
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Years_After=Twenty Years After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_Run=Logan's Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girlfriend_in_a_Coma_(novel)=Girlfriend in a Coma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderings_of_Oisin=The Wanderings of Oisin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schindler's_Ark=Schindler's Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anarchist_Cookbook=The Anarchist Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reasons_and_Persons=Reasons and Persons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sparrow_(novel)=The Sparrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chariots_of_the_Gods%3F=Chariots of the Gods?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rabbit=Red Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Structure_of_Scientific_Revolutions=The Structure of Scientific Revolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sartoris=Sartoris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babbitt_(novel)=Babbitt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amerika_(novel)=Amerika (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farthest_Shore=The Farthest Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manual=The Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_American=The Quiet American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noli_me_tangere_(novel)=Noli me tangere (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feet_of_Clay_(novel)=Feet of Clay (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursbitch=Thursbitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quo_Vadis_(novel)=Quo Vadis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_Me=Join Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley's_Game=Ripley's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Tragedy=An American Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winesburg,_Ohio_(novel)=Winesburg, Ohio (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Happened=Something Happened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child's_History_of_England=A Child's History of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Theory_of_Employment,_Interest_and_Money=The General Theory of Employment, Interest and Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christine_(novel)=Christine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Express=Nova Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie-the-Pooh_(book)=Winnie-the-Pooh (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Portrait_of_the_Artist_as_a_Young_Man=A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Back_Your_Government=Take Back Your Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiasco_(novel)=Fiasco (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zizhi_Tongjian=Zizhi Tongjian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_I_Lay_Dying_(novel)=As I Lay Dying (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_of_Small_Things=The God of Small Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Tales_of_Space_and_Time=9 Tales of Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyrd_Sisters=Wyrd Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Superstition=Higher Superstition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicksilver_(novel)=Quicksilver (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacuum_Diagrams=Vacuum Diagrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_on_the_Mississippi=Life on the Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Wind=The Other Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_Fantastic=The Light Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour_of_Magic=The Colour of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Atom=Children of the Atom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Names=True Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Postman_Always_Rings_Twice_(novel)=The Postman Always Rings Twice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddhartha_(novel)=Siddhartha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_and_Empire=Foundation and Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equal_Rites=Equal Rites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guards!_Guards!=Guards! Guards!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramids_(novel)=Pyramids (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rights_of_Man=Rights of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Married_Love=Married Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Hawk=The Sea Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_and_Margarita=The Master and Margarita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disgrace_(novel)=Disgrace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_Discipline=The Lords of Discipline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engines_of_Creation=Engines of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Mistook_His_Wife_for_a_Hat=The Man Who Mistook His Wife for a Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Silent_Planet=Out of the Silent Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Floating_Admiral=The Floating Admiral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Thirty_Coffins=The Island of Thirty Coffins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric_(novel)=Eric (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sirens_of_Titan=The Sirens of Titan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Me!=Show Me!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Set_Free=The World Set Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Few_Remain=How Few Remain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perelandra=Perelandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragons_of_Eden=The Dragons of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teranesia=Teranesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growth_Fetish=Growth Fetish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road=On the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Search_for_Meaning=Man's Search for Meaning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_God_Little=Vernon God Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hero=The Last Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late,_Great_Planet_Earth=The Late, Great Planet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vile_Bodies=Vile Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgamesh_the_King=Gilgamesh the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Eterna=Roma Eterna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila:_An_Inquiry_into_Morals=Lila: An Inquiry into Morals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emerald_City_of_Oz=The Emerald City of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medea:_Harlan's_World=Medea: Harlan's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Door_into_Ocean=A Door into Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robber_Bride=The Robber Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarillo_de_Tormes=Lazarillo de Tormes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Locust=The Day of the Locust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Her_Majesty's_Secret_Service_(novel)=On Her Majesty's Secret Service (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mote_in_God's_Eye=The Mote in God's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Comics=Understanding Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orsinian_Tales=Orsinian Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egg_and_I=The Egg and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Pure_Reason=Critique of Pure Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persuasion_(novel)=Persuasion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stand_on_Zanzibar=Stand on Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubyfruit_Jungle=Rubyfruit Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Dragon=Fallen Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea-Wolf=The Sea-Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Zero=Count Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_Lisa_Overdrive=Mona Lisa Overdrive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_of_the_West=The Decline of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehanu=Tehanu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missionary_Position=The Missionary Position
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SCUM_Manifesto=SCUM Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glory_of_Their_Times=The Glory of Their Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curses,_Hexes_and_Spells=Curses, Hexes and Spells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plague_Dogs=The Plague Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Journal_of_the_Plague_Year=A Journal of the Plague Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moll_Flanders=Moll Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skellig=Skellig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokoro=Kokoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_an_Ordinary_Woman=Diary of an Ordinary Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Oz=The Road to Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Battle=The Last Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Funeral=After the Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She:_A_History_of_Adventure=She: A History of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burmese_Days=Burmese Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clergyman's_Daughter=A Clergyman's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Maker=Star Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_Piano_(novel)=Player Piano (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loved_One=The Loved One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Town_Like_Alice=A Town Like Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_Living=We the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrambles_in_the_Canadian_Rockies=Scrambles in the Canadian Rockies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_HARLIE_Was_One=When HARLIE Was One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Wild=The Call of the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_an_Unknown_Indian=The Autobiography of an Unknown Indian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Machine=The Soft Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddie_Woodlawn=Caddie Woodlawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Cody=Visions of Cody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germinal_(novel)=Germinal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Liaisons_dangereuses=Les Liaisons dangereuses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_First_Circle=In the First Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Havelaar=Max Havelaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_System_of_the_World_(novel)=The System of the World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_the_World_Without_Taking_Power=Change the World Without Taking Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Oecumene=The Golden Oecumene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Girl_in_Search_of_God=The Black Girl in Search of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketches_by_Boz=Sketches by Boz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singularity_Sky=Singularity Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americans_(photography)=The Americans (photography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Storm_(book)=The Perfect Storm (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marvelous_Land_of_Oz=The Marvelous Land of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozma_of_Oz=Ozma of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_(novel)=Prey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Woodman_of_Oz=The Tin Woodman of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackers_(anthology)=Hackers (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exegesis_of_Philip_K._Dick=The Exegesis of Philip K. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocannon's_World=Rocannon's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solar_System_and_Back=The Solar System and Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Universe=The Secret of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Coming_Home=Always Coming Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Earthsea=Tales from Earthsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Mohicans=The Last of the Mohicans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Rasselas,_Prince_of_Abissinia=The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_and_the_Wizard_in_Oz=Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_the_Foundation=Forward the Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_of_Duluoz=Vanity of Duluoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Confederacy_of_Dunces=A Confederacy of Dunces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona=Ramona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tik-Tok_of_Oz=Tik-Tok of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truce_at_Bakura=The Truce at Bakura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarecrow_of_Oz=The Scarecrow of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genius_and_the_Goddess=The Genius and the Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balance_Point=Balance Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Capital=The Old Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny's_Way=Destiny's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little,_Big=Little, Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timequake=Timequake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neverending_Story=The Neverending Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chosen_(Potok_novel)=The Chosen (Potok novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Campus_Murders=The Campus Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinkitink_in_Oz=Rinkitink in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godric_(novel)=Godric (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrowsmith_(novel)=Arrowsmith (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Princess_of_Oz=The Lost Princess of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phase_Space_(story_collection)=Phase Space (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Soviet_Encyclopedia=Great Soviet Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Baxter_novel)=Evolution (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Ships=The Time Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Beauty=Black Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackers:_Heroes_of_the_Computer_Revolution=Hackers: Heroes of the Computer Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vector_Prime=Vector Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Adversary=The Secret Adversary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thorn_Birds=The Thorn Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Oz=The Magic of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_and_the_Great_Glass_Elevator=Charlie and the Great Glass Elevator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasure_of_the_Text=The Pleasure of the Text
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inheritors_(Joseph_Conrad_and_Ford_Madox_Ford)=The Inheritors (Joseph Conrad and Ford Madox Ford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Pictures_(novel)=Moving Pictures (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinda_of_Oz=Glinda of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bicentennial_Man_and_Other_Stories=The Bicentennial Man and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bias_Against_Guns=The Bias Against Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Mankind=The Story of Mankind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Two_Moons=Walk Two Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Accomplishment=Human Accomplishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_You,_Mr._Rosewater=God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_the_Third_Reich=The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Soldier_(novel)=The Unknown Soldier (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Street_(novel)=Main Street (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misery_(novel)=Misery (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monk=The Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_by_Star=Star by Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Tabloid=American Tabloid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Adventures_of_Nils=The Wonderful Adventures of Nils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cold_Six_Thousand=The Cold Six Thousand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_These_Mean_Streets=Down These Mean Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_Business=Fifth Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Boy=Black Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustan_History=Augustan History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_and_the_Pillar=The City and the Pillar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai-Pan_(novel)=Tai-Pan (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Hears_a_Who!=Horton Hears a Who!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Salem's_Lot='Salem's Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_in_the_Life_of_Ivan_Denisovich=One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Dahlia_(novel)=The Black Dahlia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationalencyklopedin=Nationalencyklopedin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Man=Invisible Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Identity_(novel)=The Bourne Identity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Lucida_(book)=Camera Lucida (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_(book)=Night (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gripping_Hand=The Gripping Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwall_(novel)=Redwall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Peace=Forever Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_(novel)=Alaska (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Discipline=The Fifth Discipline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mill_on_the_Floss=The Mill on the Floss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullaby_(Palahniuk_novel)=Lullaby (Palahniuk novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Panic:_The_Official_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_Companion=Don't Panic: The Official Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythologies_(book)=Mythologies (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_for_Mars=The Case for Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Jim=Lucky Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dude,_Where's_My_Country%3F=Dude, Where's My Country?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They'd_Rather_Be_Right=They'd Rather Be Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Us,_The_Living:_A_Comedy_of_Customs=For Us, The Living: A Comedy of Customs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codex_Leicester=Codex Leicester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Connecticut_Yankee_in_King_Arthur's_Court=A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Menagerie=The Glass Menagerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolution_Gap=Absolution Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Angels_(novel)=Broken Angels (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coronation_(novel)=The Coronation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower_V:_Wolves_of_the_Calla=The Dark Tower V: Wolves of the Calla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Earth=The Good Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Garden=The Secret Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea,_the_Sea=The Sea, the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothel_in_Rosenstrasse=The Brothel in Rosenstrasse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Is_Room_Enough=Earth Is Room Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_of_Heaven=The Discovery of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Begotten_Daughter=Only Begotten Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prayer_for_Owen_Meany=A Prayer for Owen Meany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Present_Darkness=This Present Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elenium=The Elenium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tamuli=The Tamuli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Kings_(Dark_Sun)=Dragon Kings (Dark Sun)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oahspe:_A_New_Bible=Oahspe: A New Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolt_of_the_Cockroach_People=The Revolt of the Cockroach People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_of_a_Brown_Buffalo=Autobiography of a Brown Buffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1601_(Mark_Twain)=1601 (Mark Twain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Sun=The Naked Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Was_Thursday=The Man Who Was Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Simple_Plan_(novel)=A Simple Plan (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Four=The Sign of the Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Vodka=A History of Vodka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monsters_and_the_Critics,_and_Other_Essays=The Monsters and the Critics, and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell,_My_Lovely=Farewell, My Lovely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Goodbye_(novel)=The Long Goodbye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Once_and_Future_King=The Once and Future King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relic_(novel)=Relic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_in_the_Balance=Earth in the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayor_of_Casterbridge=The Mayor of Casterbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_Pi=Life of Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robots_of_Dawn=The Robots of Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Summer=The Dangerous Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_and_Revolution=The State and Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peril_at_End_House=Peril at End House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Old_Clock=The Secret of the Old Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Staircase=The Hidden Staircase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underground_History_of_American_Education=The Underground History of American Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Subtle_Knife=The Subtle Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medallions_(book)=Medallions (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_and_His_Boy=The Horse and His Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Stone_(Barry_Hughart)=The Story of the Stone (Barry Hughart)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mists_of_Avalon=The Mists of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Merlyn=The Book of Merlyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Daughter_of_the_Snows=A Daughter of the Snows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Eden=Martin Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Lady_of_the_Big_House=The Little Lady of the Big House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_the_Moon_(novel)=The Valley of the Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Rover=The Star Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Heel=The Iron Heel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Swim-Two-Birds=At Swim-Two-Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Startide_Rising=Startide Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rilla_of_Ingleside=Rilla of Ingleside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickwick_Papers=The Pickwick Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarantine_(Greg_Egan_novel)=Quarantine (Greg Egan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfume_(novel)=Perfume (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rama_II_(novel)=Rama II (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_to_Space=Prelude to Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Dolls=House of Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Exile=Planet of Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortress_Besieged=Fortress Besieged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Chair=The Silver Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_of_the_Dawn_Treader=The Voyage of the Dawn Treader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_Love=Geek Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hawk_Down_(book)=Black Hawk Down (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Illusions=City of Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malafrena=Malafrena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literary_Machines=Literary Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(Chopin_novel)=The Awakening (Chopin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_for_Israel=The Case for Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_of_Arms=Passage of Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_Mind=The Emperor's New Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Belisarius=Count Belisarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_God_(book)=City of God (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blithedale_Romance=The Blithedale Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Net=Under the Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Hound_and_the_World's_Pain=The War Hound and the World's Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Fall_Apart=Things Fall Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moneyball=Moneyball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_Done_Gone=The Wind Done Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Budd=Billy Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Rainbow_Six=Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual=Monster Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_House=Bleak House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_to_Terabithia_(novel)=Bridge to Terabithia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Liberation_(book)=Animal Liberation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlas_of_Middle-earth=The Atlas of Middle-earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Bird=The Painted Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourist_Season_(novel)=Tourist Season (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Emsworth_and_Others=Lord Emsworth and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigana=Tigana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_(novel)=Centennial (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_and_the_Black=The Red and the Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(Murakami_book)=Underground (Murakami book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pincher_Martin=Pincher Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocky=Chocky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Civilization_and_Its_Discontents=Civilization and Its Discontents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_Grey=Agnes Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Mickey_Mouse=Goodbye, Mickey Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Leopold's_Ghost=King Leopold's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stepford_Wives=The Stepford Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Child=The Fifth Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti-Ice=Anti-Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Giant=Shadow of the Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounter_with_Tiber=Encounter with Tiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Aurochs=Night of the Aurochs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars,_Like_Dust=The Stars, Like Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Trek_Encyclopedia=The Star Trek Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Barefoot_(book)=Dancing Barefoot (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swiss_Family_Robinson=The Swiss Family Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_and_the_Brain=Zen and the Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Learner=Slow Learner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Go=The Master of Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Dead_(novel)=The House of the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Luke=The Legend of Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_a_God_Unknown=To a God Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystic_River_(novel)=Mystic River (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey_Wrench_Gang=The Monkey Wrench Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual_II=Monster Manual II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiend_Folio=Fiend Folio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monstrous_Compendium=Monstrous Compendium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jin_Ping_Mei=Jin Ping Mei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_from_a_Top_Hat=Death from a Top Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autumn_of_the_Patriarch=The Autumn of the Patriarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyre_Affair=The Eyre Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Cat=I Am a Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_Perl=Learning Perl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_Perl=Programming Perl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swag_(novel)=Swag (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Handbook=Player's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_and_Sixpence=The Moon and Sixpence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Interpretation=Against Interpretation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illness_as_Metaphor=Illness as Metaphor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Master's_Guide=Dungeon Master's Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Say_It_with_Poison=Say It with Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Concentration=Camp Concentration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Man=The Whole Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverlock=Silverlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changing_Dream=The Changing Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matilda_(novel)=Matilda (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Positronic_Man=The Positronic Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deities_&_Demigods=Deities & Demigods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumanji_(short_story)=Jumanji (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TiHKAL=TiHKAL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Dad_Poor_Dad=Rich Dad Poor Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_(novel_series)=Ramona (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_No_More=Black No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wretched_of_the_Earth=The Wretched of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Currents_of_Space=The Currents of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation's_Fear=Foundation's Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_and_Chaos=Foundation and Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation's_Triumph=Foundation's Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Caliban=Isaac Asimov's Caliban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Inferno=Isaac Asimov's Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Utopia=Isaac Asimov's Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Robot=The Complete Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Dreams=Robot Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feast_of_the_Goat=The Feast of the Goat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rest_of_the_Robots=The Rest of the Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_a_Good_Book=Lost in a Good Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Civilization=The Story of Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_Argon=The Eye of Argon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Meetings=First Meetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Road_to_Socialism=Britain's Road to Socialism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Bead_Game=The Glass Bead Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Days_in_New_Crete=Seven Days in New Crete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Sexuality=The History of Sexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanic_Bible=The Satanic Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy_(novel)=The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanic_Verses=The Satanic Verses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactic_Pot-Healer=Galactic Pot-Healer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennifer_Government=Jennifer Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Pastoral=American Pastoral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_to_a_Sunless_Sea=Down to a Sunless Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undine_(novella)=Undine (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_the_Afternoon=Death in the Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegemony_or_Survival=Hegemony or Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grey_King=The Grey King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Yellow_Room=The Mystery of the Yellow Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Constant_Suicides=The Case of the Constant Suicides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Ventre_de_Paris=Le Ventre de Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Are_from_Mars,_Women_Are_from_Venus=Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_Who_Loved_Me_(novel)=The Spy Who Loved Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Assommoir=L'Assommoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_(novel)=Metropolitan (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hellbound_Heart=The Hellbound Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Children_and_It=Five Children and It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Dolls=Valley of the Dolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Christianity=The Rise of Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-PAX=K-PAX
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_(novel)=Them (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2061:_Odyssey_Three=2061: Odyssey Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3001:_The_Final_Odyssey=3001: The Final Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rama_Revealed=Rama Revealed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Mountains_of_Madness=At the Mountains of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maskerade=Maskerade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footfall=Footfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Lost_Tales=The Book of Lost Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shade's_Children=Shade's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonfire_of_the_Vanities=The Bonfire of the Vanities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapunzel=Rapunzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Moths_and_Men=Of Moths and Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Station_Zebra_(novel)=Ice Station Zebra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_of_India=The Discovery of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_Night_and_Sunday_Morning=Saturday Night and Sunday Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_Act=The Children Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobos_in_Paradise=Bobos in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo_Trilogy=Cairo Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(Niven_and_Pournelle_novel)=Inferno (Niven and Pournelle novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_of_San_Luis_Rey=The Bridge of San Luis Rey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Owl_Service=The Owl Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Opinion_(book)=Public Opinion (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Chance_to_See=Last Chance to See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unix-Haters_Handbook=The Unix-Haters Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baudolino=Baudolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_Little_Boy=The Ugly Little Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man-eaters_of_Tsavo=The Man-eaters of Tsavo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon-Haunted_World=The Demon-Haunted World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Moral_Sentiments=The Theory of Moral Sentiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_the_Woods=A Walk in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Country_of_Last_Things=In the Country of Last Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Codebreakers=The Codebreakers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Path_to_the_Nest_of_Spiders=The Path to the Nest of Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shikasta=Shikasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancing_Wu_Li_Masters=The Dancing Wu Li Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_and_Out_in_the_Magic_Kingdom=Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descent_of_Man,_and_Selection_in_Relation_to_Sex=The Descent of Man, and Selection in Relation to Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Out_of_Eden=River Out of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genome_(book)=Genome (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Like_Pumpkins=I Like Pumpkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Velvet=National Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bury_My_Heart_at_Wounded_Knee=Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Promised_You_a_Rose_Garden_(novel)=I Never Promised You a Rose Garden (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sum_of_All_Fears=The Sum of All Fears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Monkey_House=Welcome to the Monkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Dumb_Century=Our Dumb Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_(Huxley_novel)=Island (Huxley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Fresh=Something Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_of_Other_Days=The Light of Other Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Integral_Trees=The Integral Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Transformed=A World Transformed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Innocence=The Age of Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Liberal_Media%3F=What Liberal Media?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeys_of_Frodo=Journeys of Frodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Fire_and_Sword=With Fire and Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabriel=Sabriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amber_Spyglass=The Amber Spyglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyra's_Oxford=Lyra's Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tao_of_Pooh=The Tao of Pooh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Lightning=Summer Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddley_Walker=Riddley Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Aggression=On Aggression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/334_(novel)=334 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N_or_M%3F=N or M?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mist=The Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Dials_Mystery=The Seven Dials Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronia_the_Robber's_Daughter=Ronia the Robber's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canto_General=Canto General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Sematary=Pet Sematary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestarter_(novel)=Firestarter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caribbean_(novel)=Caribbean (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(King_novel)=Rage (King novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Regulators=The Regulators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Georges=The Two Georges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oryx_and_Crake=Oryx and Crake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_(novel)=Temple (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troll=The Troll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travels_of_Marco_Polo=The Travels of Marco Polo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Stunts_Private_Stories=Public Stunts Private Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Folded_Himself=The Man Who Folded Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Feathers=The Four Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Station_(novel)=Ice Station (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Mountain=The Magic Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_on_the_Drina=The Bridge on the Drina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_(novel)=The Castle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Monsters=Invisible Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_(novel)=Speak (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Your_Eyes_Only_(short_story_collection)=For Your Eyes Only (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley_Under_Water=Ripley Under Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Chimneys=The Secret of Chimneys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pelican_Brief=The Pelican Brief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unweaving_the_Rainbow=Unweaving the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basketball_Diaries=The Basketball Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practical_Ethics=Practical Ethics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Null-A=The World of Null-A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Arrow:_A_Tale_of_the_Two_Roses=The Black Arrow: A Tale of the Two Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interesting_Times=Interesting Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sherlock_Holmes=The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testimony_(book)=Testimony (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Saw_Poland_Betrayed=I Saw Poland Betrayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Unix_Programming=The Art of Unix Programming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Lives_with_Eric_and_Martin=Jenny Lives with Eric and Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spell_Sword=The Spell Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Judgment=Critique of Judgment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Reborn=The Dragon Reborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fires_of_Heaven=The Fires of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Rising=The Shadow Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1876_(novel)=1876 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Development_as_Freedom=Development as Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Curlews=Last of the Curlews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacker_Culture=Hacker Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaper_Man=Reaper Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogfather=Hogfather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_at_Arms=Men at Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief_of_Time=Thief of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vision_of_the_Anointed=The Vision of the Anointed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memoirs_of_Sherlock_Holmes=The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case-Book_of_Sherlock_Holmes=The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Culture_(book)=Free Culture (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Mr._Griffin=Killing Mr. Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemony_Snicket:_The_Unauthorized_Autobiography=Lemony Snicket: The Unauthorized Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interpretation_of_Dreams=The Interpretation of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Factor_(book)=The Human Factor (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Dragon's_Daughter=The Iron Dragon's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wrinkle_in_Time=A Wrinkle in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_Chaos=Lord of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_the_Leisure_Class=The Theory of the Leisure Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_(novel)=The Outsiders (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_and_the_Glory=The Power and the Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Affair=The End of the Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_the_Cosmos=The Life of the Cosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idiot=The Idiot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Your_Dreams=Tell Me Your Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doomsday_Conspiracy=The Doomsday Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altered_Carbon=Altered Carbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_on_the_Nile=Death on the Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_and_the_Kangaroo=Dot and the Kangaroo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artificial_Intelligence:_A_Modern_Approach=Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven-Per-Cent_Solution=The Seven-Per-Cent Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine_(comics)=Palestine (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Velvet_Glove_Cast_in_Iron=Like a Velvet Glove Cast in Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedic_Mathematics_(book)=Vedic Mathematics (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements_of_Typographic_Style=The Elements of Typographic Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shipping_News=The Shipping News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Nowhere=Nobody Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_for_Judas=A Time for Judas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_(short_story)=Waldo (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubliners=Dubliners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Elephant=The Fifth Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confusion=The Confusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manticore=The Manticore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Lights_(novel)=Northern Lights (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Discworld_II:_The_Globe=The Science of Discworld II: The Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Palace=Moon Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_in_the_Hat_Comes_Back=The Cat in the Hat Comes Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pratchett_Portfolio=The Pratchett Portfolio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independent_People=Independent People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Birds=Bridge of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_of_a_Portuguese_Nun=Letters of a Portuguese Nun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fashionable_Nonsense=Fashionable Nonsense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Good_and_Evil=Beyond Good and Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_There_God%3F_It's_Me,_Margaret.=Are You There God? It's Me, Margaret.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helter_Skelter_(book)=Helter Skelter (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_&_Demons=Angels & Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_Games_and_Economic_Behavior=Theory of Games and Economic Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Discworld=The Science of Discworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young,_Gay_and_Proud=Young, Gay and Proud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economics_in_One_Lesson=Economics in One Lesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrative_of_Arthur_Gordon_Pym_of_Nantucket=The Narrative of Arthur Gordon Pym of Nantucket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villette_(novel)=Villette (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shirley_(novel)=Shirley (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drowned_and_the_Saved=The Drowned and the Saved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Does_His_Bit=William Does His Bit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Trader_(book)=Rogue Trader (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_the_Law_of_the_Lord=Book of the Law of the Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_the_Standard_Oil_Company=The History of the Standard Oil Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmills_of_the_Gods=Windmills of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fooled_by_Randomness=Fooled by Randomness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Stanley=Flat Stanley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenmantle=Greenmantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Otranto=The Castle of Otranto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profiles_in_Courage=Profiles in Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_(book)=Sex (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_in_Socks=Fox in Socks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill,_the_Galactic_Hero=Bill, the Galactic Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Last_Bow=His Last Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metamorphosis_of_Prime_Intellect=The Metamorphosis of Prime Intellect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Three=Circle of Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cyberiad=The Cyberiad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_on_Earth_(novel)=Peace on Earth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decline_and_Fall=Decline and Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethan_Frome=Ethan Frome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Oleander=White Oleander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macroscope_(novel)=Macroscope (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cook's_Tour_(book)=A Cook's Tour (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_Beeton's_Book_of_Household_Management=Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachman_Books=The Bachman Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanark:_A_Life_in_Four_Books=Lanark: A Life in Four Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_Animal_(Aronson_book)=The Social Animal (Aronson book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Yankee=Team Yankee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_My_Destination=The Stars My Destination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fighting_Man_of_Mars=A Fighting Man of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_(John_Varley_novel)=Titan (John Varley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Folio=First Folio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel's_Tears=Rachel's Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rules_of_Attraction=The Rules of Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Capital=Reading Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Stories_from_a_Chinese_Studio=Strange Stories from a Chinese Studio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Client_(novel)=The Client (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_and_the_Stars=The City and the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorky_Park_(novel)=Gorky Park (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Dust=The Book of Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Stranger=The Mysterious Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Rocks=Beyond the Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portrait_of_a_Lady=The Portrait of a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_the_Mighty=Max the Mighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Practical_Reason=Critique of Practical Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verbal_Behavior=Verbal Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_and_Grow_Rich=Think and Grow Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Course_in_Miracles=A Course in Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devdas=Devdas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phenomenology_of_Spirit=The Phenomenology of Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Loyalty=The Price of Loyalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eragon=Eragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotham:_A_History_of_New_York_City_to_1898=Gotham: A History of New York City to 1898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Tide:_Onslaught=Dark Tide: Onslaught
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Tide:_Ruin=Dark Tide: Ruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Encyclopedia_of_New_York_City=The Encyclopedia of New York City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edible_Woman=The Edible Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Karamazov=The Brothers Karamazov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Complete=Code Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_of_Attack=Plan of Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_(novel)=Congo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents_of_Chaos:_Hero's_Trial=Agents of Chaos: Hero's Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agents_of_Chaos:_Jedi_Eclipse=Agents of Chaos: Jedi Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Backward=Looking Backward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Star_Fleet_Technical_Manual=Star Trek Star Fleet Technical Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches_Abroad=Witches Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_and_Ladies_(novel)=Lords and Ladies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostromo=Nostromo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_of_Lost_Plots=The Well of Lost Plots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovery_(novel)=Recovery (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Victory:_Conquest=Edge of Victory: Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Victory:_Rebirth=Edge of Victory: Rebirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Geographic_Names=Oregon Geographic Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brown's_School_Days=Tom Brown's School Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Book_in_the_Universe=The Last Book in the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Skilled_Gentlemen=Eight Skilled Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songs_of_Distant_Earth=The Songs of Distant Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slapstick_(novel)=Slapstick (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Open_Conspiracy=The Open Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_of_Gomrath=The Moon of Gomrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Blood_(novel)=Captain Blood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthborn=Earthborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flicker_(novel)=Flicker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthfall=Earthfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bless_You,_Dr._Kevorkian=God Bless You, Dr. Kevorkian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comics_and_Sequential_Art=Comics and Sequential Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Father_Christmas_Letters=The Father Christmas Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elidor=Elidor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freak_the_Mighty=Freak the Mighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childhood_(novel)=Childhood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Concord=Book of Concord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_at_Noon=Darkness at Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Edwin_Drood=The Mystery of Edwin Drood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Kill_(Grisham_novel)=A Time to Kill (Grisham novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Handful_of_Dust=A Handful of Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Cry_Wolf=Never Cry Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man,_Economy,_and_State=Man, Economy, and State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mauritius_Command=The Mauritius Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hat_Full_of_Sky=A Hat Full of Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surgeon's_Mate=The Surgeon's Mate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweat_(novel)=Sweat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Death=Sea of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/According_to_Mary_Magdalene=According to Mary Magdalene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insomnia_(novel)=Insomnia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_of_the_Sands=Captains of the Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violent_Land=The Violent Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Harvest=The Golden Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Field=Red Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bowels_of_Liberty=The Bowels of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherds_of_the_Night=Shepherds of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tent_of_Miracles_(novel)=Tent of Miracles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Deaths_of_Quincas_Wateryell=The Two Deaths of Quincas Wateryell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tereza_Batista:_Home_from_the_Wars=Tereza Batista: Home from the Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tieta=Tieta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_(Amado_novel)=Showdown (Amado novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Saints=The War of the Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_of_America_by_the_Turks=The Discovery of America by the Turks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpe_Jugulum=Carpe Jugulum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Failure_of_the_New_Economics=The Failure of the New Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Souls=Dead Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_of_the_Space_Beagle=The Voyage of the Space Beagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Conflict_of_Visions=A Conflict of Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angels_(science_fiction_novel)=Fallen Angels (science fiction novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_of_Chance=The Music of Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliette_(novel)=Juliette (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_and_the_Bomb=Johnny and the Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anubis_Gates=The Anubis Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icons_of_Evolution=Icons of Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vicar_of_Wakefield=The Vicar of Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elegant_Universe=The Elegant Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun,_with_Occasional_Music=Gun, with Occasional Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_People=The Bone People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Public_Health=Encyclopedia of Public Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_World=Animal World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_Machine=The Truth Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cloud_of_Unknowing=The Cloud of Unknowing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Guide_to_Middle-earth=The Complete Guide to Middle-earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Australian_Rock_and_Pop=Encyclopedia of Australian Rock and Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_(book)=The Witches (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sibley_Guide_to_Birds=The Sibley Guide to Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Algebraist=The Algebraist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_on_Glass=Walking on Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabetical_Africa=Alphabetical Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQ_and_the_Wealth_of_Nations=IQ and the Wealth of Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinker_Tailor_Soldier_Spy=Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Little_Black_Sambo=The Story of Little Black Sambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Doctor_Moreau=The Island of Doctor Moreau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nutmeg_of_Consolation=The Nutmeg of Consolation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Course_of_Pure_Mathematics=A Course of Pure Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Eggs_and_Ham=Green Eggs and Ham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bellmaker=The Bellmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Drum=The Tin Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_of_Twilight=Crossroads of Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Starship_from_Earth=The Last Starship from Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoring_the_Lost_Constitution=Restoring the Lost Constitution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Momo_(novel)=Momo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Dangerous_Game_(novel)=The Most Dangerous Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Waters=Many Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Froth_on_the_Daydream=Froth on the Daydream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drifters_(novel)=The Drifters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Wonders_(novel)=World of Wonders (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cay=The Cay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morvern_Callar=Morvern Callar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Side_of_Paradise=This Side of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_Hadrian=Memoirs of Hadrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Calculus_of_Angels=A Calculus of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generations_of_Winter=Generations of Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Path_of_Daggers=The Path of Daggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franny_and_Zooey=Franny and Zooey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spy_in_the_House_of_Love=A Spy in the House of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millennial_Project:_Colonizing_the_Galaxy_in_Eight_Easy_Steps=The Millennial Project: Colonizing the Galaxy in Eight Easy Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_Years_of_Solitude=One Hundred Years of Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanting_Seed=The Wanting Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_York_Trilogy=The New York Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Happiness=The Art of Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_in_Exile=Freedom in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Surprise_(novel)=HMS Surprise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Captain_(novel)=Post Captain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desolation_Island_(novel)=Desolation Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ionian_Mission=The Ionian Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune_of_War=The Fortune of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Side_of_the_World=The Far Side of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Like_Me=Black Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outline_of_History=The Outline of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Betrayal=The Great Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jailbird_(novel)=Jailbird (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reverse_of_the_Medal=The Reverse of the Medal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treason's_Harbour=Treason's Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_of_Marque=The Letter of Marque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_at_the_Mizzen=Blue at the Mizzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred_Days_(novel)=The Hundred Days (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Admiral=The Yellow Admiral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commodore_(novel)=The Commodore (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wine-Dark_Sea=The Wine-Dark Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_K._Mooney_Will_You_Please_Go_Now!=Marvin K. Mooney Will You Please Go Now!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarissa_Oakes=Clarissa Oakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Skulls=The Book of Skulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Wellville=The Road to Wellville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Dictionary=The Devil's Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_War,_Nights_of_Love=Days of War, Nights of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind's_Twelve_Quarters=The Wind's Twelve Quarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._R._R._Tolkien:_Artist_and_Illustrator=J. R. R. Tolkien: Artist and Illustrator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Ways_to_Forgiveness=Four Ways to Forgiveness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_dynamics=Business dynamics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Separate_Peace=A Separate Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unifying_Force=The Unifying Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthlight=Earthlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fall_of_Moondust=A Fall of Moondust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavier_Than_Heaven=Heavier Than Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagining_Numbers=Imagining Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Beginning=The Bad Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wide_Window=The Wide Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mutual_Friend=Our Mutual Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miserable_Mill=The Miserable Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reptile_Room=The Reptile Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Austere_Academy=The Austere Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ersatz_Elevator=The Ersatz Elevator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vile_Village=The Vile Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hostile_Hospital=The Hostile Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnivorous_Carnival=The Carnivorous Carnival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slippery_Slope=The Slippery Slope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grim_Grotto=The Grim Grotto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_a_Death_Foretold=Chronicle of a Death Foretold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icelander_(novel)=Icelander (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libra_(novel)=Libra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(Brin_novel)=Earth (Brin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasyon=Pasyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neon_Bible=The Neon Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers=The Borrowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Dubious_Battle=In Dubious Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Chairs=The Twelve Chairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Golden_Calf=The Little Golden Calf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Is_Down=The Moon Is Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_(novel)=The Twins (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_School=A Good School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Bliss=Mr. Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_and_Hengest=Finn and Hengest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Journey_(novel)=Dark Journey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_Lines:_Rebel_Dream=Enemy Lines: Rebel Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_German_Requiem_(novel)=A German Requiem (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Psychology=Quantum Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_Has_Landed=The Eagle Has Landed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Absolute_at_Large=The Absolute at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_Back=The Road Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_with_the_Newts=War with the Newts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Time_of_the_Butterflies=In the Time of the Butterflies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Success=The Law of Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Watch_(Discworld)=Night Watch (Discworld)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonesetter's_Daughter=The Bonesetter's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_100:_A_Ranking_of_the_Most_Influential_Persons_in_History=The 100: A Ranking of the Most Influential Persons in History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightfall_(Asimov_short_story_and_novel)=Nightfall (Asimov short story and novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_Than_Zero_(novel)=Less Than Zero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mischief=Black Mischief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Sex=The Second Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Was_Then,_This_Is_Now=That Was Then, This Is Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_a_Buick_8=From a Buick 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_in_a_Boat=Three Men in a Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1967:_The_Last_Good_Year=1967: The Last Good Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Te_of_Piglet=The Te of Piglet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Anarchism_or_Lifestyle_Anarchism=Social Anarchism or Lifestyle Anarchism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Tomorrows=Nine Tomorrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesus_Incident=The Jesus Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_(Voigt_novel)=Bad Girls (Voigt novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Mars=Moving Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_X=Soldier X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protestant_Ethic_and_the_Spirit_of_Capitalism=The Protestant Ethic and the Spirit of Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_River_Runs_Through_It_(novel)=A River Runs Through It (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_So_Foreign_and_Eight_More=A Place So Foreign and Eight More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Globalization_and_Its_Discontents=Globalization and Its Discontents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Alert_(novel)=Red Alert (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_(book)=The City (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_(book)=Sybil (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Religion_of_China:_Confucianism_and_Taoism=The Religion of China: Confucianism and Taoism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Severe_Mercy=A Severe Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard's_First_Rule=Wizard's First Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Lit_Only_by_Fire=A World Lit Only by Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bathgate=Billy Bathgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expanded_Psionics_Handbook=Expanded Psionics Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_August=The Guns of August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_Luck_Club_(novel)=The Joy Luck Club (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fried_Green_Tomatoes_at_the_Whistle_Stop_Cafe=Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Objectivist_Epistemology=Introduction to Objectivist Epistemology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_(novel)=Cradle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_of_the_High_Frontier=Kings of the High Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_Ark=Redemption Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scary_Sleepover=The Scary Sleepover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang=White Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Late_the_Sweet_Birds_Sang=Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Saxon_Attitudes=Anglo-Saxon Attitudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldest=Eldest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Free_(novel)=Forever Free (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo's_Egg=The Cuckoo's Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Postal=Going Postal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banana_Republicans=Banana Republicans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Roadside_Attraction=Another Roadside Attraction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_the_City_of_the_Saved...=Of the City of the Saved...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_War=The Book of the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Game_of_Thrones=A Game of Thrones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clash_of_Kings=A Clash of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Things_They_Carried=The Things They Carried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Storm_of_Swords=A Storm of Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Deepness_in_the_Sky=A Deepness in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notebook_(novel)=The Notebook (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_You_Always_Wanted_to_Know_About_Sex_(But_Were_Afraid_to_Ask)=Everything You Always Wanted to Know About Sex (But Were Afraid to Ask)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quasar,_Quasar,_Burning_Bright=Quasar, Quasar, Burning Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reach_for_Tomorrow=Reach for Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_Lines:_Rebel_Stand=Enemy Lines: Rebel Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor_(Star_Wars_novel)=Traitor (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Heretic:_Remnant=Force Heretic: Remnant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Heretic:_Refugee=Force Heretic: Refugee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_Heretic:_Reunion=Force Heretic: Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Prophecy=The Final Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Boy's_Life=This Boy's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(novel)=Millennium (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_History_(novel)=Making History (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradiso_(novel)=Paradiso (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Alone=Bowling Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_Love=Women in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ragwitch=The Ragwitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainbow=The Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundiver=Sundiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_than_Fiction:_True_Stories=Stranger than Fiction: True Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Shadows_of_the_Empire=Star Wars: Shadows of the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Earth=Journey to the Center of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betrothed_(Manzoni_novel)=The Betrothed (Manzoni novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redemption_of_Althalus=The Redemption of Althalus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Paradis_artificiels=Les Paradis artificiels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazzaville_Beach=Brazzaville Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wealth_of_Nations=The Wealth of Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_7_(novel)=Area 7 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callahan's_Crosstime_Saloon=Callahan's Crosstime Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Is_a_Racket=War Is a Racket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_of_Eastwick=The Witches of Eastwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melway=Melway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitol_(collection)=Capitol (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrup_(novel)=Syrup (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midwich_Cuckoos=The Midwich Cuckoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhenaten,_Dweller_in_Truth=Akhenaten, Dweller in Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faerie_Tale=Faerie Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abhorsen=Abhorsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lirael=Lirael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Owned_a_City=The Girl Who Owned a City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dynamical_Theory_of_the_Electromagnetic_Field=A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Ho,_Jeeves=Right Ho, Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totto-Chan:_The_Little_Girl_at_the_Window=Totto-Chan: The Little Girl at the Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Darkness=Green Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_Traces:_A_Secret_History_of_the_20th_Century=Lipstick Traces: A Secret History of the 20th Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stig_of_the_Dump=Stig of the Dump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rivan_Codex=The Rivan Codex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_After_God=Life After God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demian=Demian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spycatcher=Spycatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Crusade=The High Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_(Uris_novel)=Exodus (Uris novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mixture_of_Frailties=A Mixture of Frailties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notebooks_of_Malte_Laurids_Brigge=The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_House=Noble House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii_(novel)=Hawaii (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1632_(novel)=1632 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_in_Trouble_(story_collection)=William in Trouble (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Call_(novel)=Last Call (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q_(novel)=Q (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_as_in_Freedom=Free as in Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Spring=New Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Book_(Muammar_Gaddafi)=The Green Book (Muammar Gaddafi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Liberty=On Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_of_the_World=The Birthday of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruins_of_Adventure=Ruins of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giles_Goat-Boy=Giles Goat-Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intuitionist=The Intuitionist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_guide_culinaire=Le guide culinaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_and_Friends=Swami and Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Teacher=The English Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giving_Tree=The Giving Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanshawe_(novel)=Fanshawe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rob_Roy_(novel)=Rob Roy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_at_Pooh_Corner=The House at Pooh Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Angels_(novel)=Queen of Angels (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Acid_House=The Acid House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_Without_a_Key=The House Without a Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Parrot=The Chinese Parrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_That_Curtain=Behind That Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Camel=The Black Camel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Chan_Carries_On=Charlie Chan Carries On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper_of_the_Keys=Keeper of the Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_Lawyer=The Street Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obliquity_(book)=Obliquity (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaway_Jury=The Runaway Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histories_(Herodotus)=Histories (Herodotus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_and_Time=Being and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polgara_the_Sorceress=Polgara the Sorceress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilium_(novel)=Ilium (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Council=Iron Council
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Lonelyhearts=Miss Lonelyhearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Ass=The Golden Ass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Were_Warriors=Once Were Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Over_Water=Night Over Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Moore_Is_a_Big_Fat_Stupid_White_Man=Michael Moore Is a Big Fat Stupid White Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raptor_Red=Raptor Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Chuzzlewit=Martin Chuzzlewit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_the_Philosophical_Sciences=Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Saucers_Are_Real=The Flying Saucers Are Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Records_of_the_Three_Kingdoms=Records of the Three Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower_VI:_Song_of_Susannah=The Dark Tower VI: Song of Susannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perdido_Street_Station=Perdido Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Hyperion_(novel)=The Fall of Hyperion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melmoth_the_Wanderer=Melmoth the Wanderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Dip_(novel)=Skinny Dip (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Book_of_Twentieth_Century_English_Verse=The Oxford Book of Twentieth Century English Verse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singularity_Is_Near=The Singularity Is Near
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar's_Poker=Liar's Poker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonsong=Dragonsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_from_the_Edge=Postcards from the Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronoliths=The Chronoliths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Rise_(novel)=High Rise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Like_a_Whale=Almost Like a Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_School=The Little School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atrocity_Exhibition=The Atrocity Exhibition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiley's_People=Smiley's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Salad_Oil_Swindle=Great Salad Oil Swindle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabet_of_Thorn=Alphabet of Thorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Watership_Down=Tales from Watership Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheltering_Sky=The Sheltering Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Ass_Saw_the_Angel=And the Ass Saw the Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_Girl_(novel_series)=Gossip Girl (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_One_(novel)=The Power of One (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Open_Society_and_Its_Enemies=The Open Society and Its Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_for_Chameleons=Music for Chameleons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridges_of_Madison_County=The Bridges of Madison County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuleika_Dobson=Zuleika Dobson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Journey_in_Other_Worlds=A Journey in Other Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatterland=Flatterland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Lighthouse=To the Lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_the_Rain_King=Henderson the Rain King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_in_Samarra=Appointment in Samarra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_the_Rabbi_Slept_Late=Friday the Rabbi Slept Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_(Dostoyevsky_novel)=Demons (Dostoyevsky novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timescape=Timescape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Vermeer=Chasing Vermeer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Feast_for_Crows=A Feast for Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Computer_Game_Design=The Art of Computer Game Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_for_Ecstasy=E for Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abarat=Abarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie's_World=Sophie's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Syn:_A_Tale_of_the_Romney_Marsh=Doctor Syn: A Tale of the Romney Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Corbett,_Space_Cadet=Tom Corbett, Space Cadet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commitments_(novel)=The Commitments (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paddy_Clarke_Ha_Ha_Ha=Paddy Clarke Ha Ha Ha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Life_(book)=Wonderful Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Shall_Know_Our_Velocity=You Shall Know Our Velocity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Shannara=The Sword of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_Night=Summer of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Glass_(Douglas_Coupland_book)=City of Glass (Douglas Coupland book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elfstones_of_Shannara=The Elfstones of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waves=The Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Island=The Mysterious Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Chronicle_of_Barset=The Last Chronicle of Barset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_of_America=Emperor of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_(novel)=Nana (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Return=The Happy Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wishsong_of_Shannara=The Wishsong of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_King_of_Shannara=First King of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Stops_for_No_Mouse=Time Stops for No Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnaby_Rudge=Barnaby Rudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Curiosity_Shop=The Old Curiosity Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Shores=Ancient Shores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Four_(novel)=The Big Four (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worm_Ouroboros=The Worm Ouroboros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Year_Round=All the Year Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun_(novel)=Rising Sun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_Season=Glory Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Serfdom=The Road to Serfdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Angels=The Killer Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishing_Moon=Wishing Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_Chronicles=The Edge Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lathe_of_Heaven=The Lathe of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(Conan_Doyle_novel)=The Lost World (Conan Doyle novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander's_Bridge=Alexander's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cartoon_History_of_the_Universe=The Cartoon History of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg_(novel)=Petersburg (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raw_Spirit=Raw Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systemantics=Systemantics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiroshima_(book)=Hiroshima (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Loves_of_a_She-Devil=The Life and Loves of a She-Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Torts=The King of Torts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_at_Point_Zero=Woman at Point Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notable_American_Women=Notable American Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S.A._(trilogy)=U.S.A. (trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_of_the_Dove=The Wings of the Dove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassadors=The Ambassadors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Is_the_Night=Tender Is the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Soldier=The Good Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Bowl=The Golden Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Tell_It_on_the_Mountain_(novel)=Go Tell It on the Mountain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Agent=The Secret Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Mormonism=Encyclopedia of Mormonism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Assassin=Royal Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin's_Quest=Assassin's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin's_Apprentice=Assassin's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Invasion=The Divine Invasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasp_(novel)=Wasp (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Void=A Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amusing_Ourselves_to_Death=Amusing Ourselves to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazing_Adventures_of_Kavalier_&_Clay=The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tik-Tok_(novel)=Tik-Tok (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times=Hard Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderick_(novel)=Roderick (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard=The Leopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dalkey_Archive=The Dalkey Archive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbearable_Lightness_of_Being=The Unbearable Lightness of Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Boys=Wonder Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Options_(novel)=Options (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_Flying_(novel)=Fear of Flying (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle's_Conquest=The Eagle's Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Kills=Winter Kills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_Underground=Notes from Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Then:_From_Coney_Island_to_Here=Now and Then: From Coney Island to Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bear_and_the_Dragon=The Bear and the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_158-Pound_Marriage=The 158-Pound Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Beirut_to_Jerusalem=From Beirut to Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilvish,_the_Damned=Dilvish, the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Shift_(novel)=Red Shift (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herzog_(novel)=Herzog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_(novel)=The Business (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_First_Strike=Halo: First Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_The_Fall_of_Reach=Halo: The Fall of Reach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_The_Flood=Halo: The Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mahdi=The Mahdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Media:_The_Extensions_of_Man=Understanding Media: The Extensions of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchy,_State,_and_Utopia=Anarchy, State, and Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Thin_Air=Into Thin Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_and_the_Dead=The Naked and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parade's_End=Parade's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moviegoer=The Moviegoer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropic_of_Cancer_(novel)=Tropic of Cancer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Human_Bondage=Of Human Bondage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Comes_for_the_Archbishop=Death Comes for the Archbishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_High_Wind_in_Jamaica_(novel)=A High Wind in Jamaica (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_for_Mr_Biswas=A House for Mr Biswas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bend_in_the_River=A Bend in the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoop_(novel)=Scoop (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Heroic_Failures=The Book of Heroic Failures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Sargasso_Sea=Wide Sargasso Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magus_(novel)=The Magus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragtime_(novel)=Ragtime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Jim=Lord Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_of_Ibn_Fattouma=The Journey of Ibn Fattouma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Steel_Was_Tempered=How the Steel Was Tempered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_and_First_Men=Last and First Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vril=Vril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honourable_Schoolboy=The Honourable Schoolboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ethical_Slut=The Ethical Slut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Junction=Up the Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canary_Trainer=The Canary Trainer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Half=The Dark Half
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Peter_Rabbit=The Tale of Peter Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_Ruby=Programming Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Coming_of_Steve_Jobs=The Second Coming of Steve Jobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chamber_(novel)=The Chamber (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reality_Dysfunction=The Reality Dysfunction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine_Nights=Cocaine Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_World=The Crystal World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_Island=Concrete Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Burnt-Out_Case=A Burnt-Out Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune:_House_Corrino=Dune: House Corrino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune:_House_Harkonnen=Dune: House Harkonnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summons=The Summons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needful_Things=Needful Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stingray_Shuffle=The Stingray Shuffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Lozana:_The_Lusty_Andalusian_Woman=Portrait of Lozana: The Lusty Andalusian Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Celestina=La Celestina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Jest=Infinite Jest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Wobegon_Days=Lake Wobegon Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_in_All_Directions=Infinite in All Directions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic,_Inc.=Magic, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_&_Magic,_Inc.=Waldo & Magic, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl_(novel)=Artemis Fowl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Arctic_Incident=Artemis Fowl: The Arctic Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papillon_(book)=Papillon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Vaiden=Kate Vaiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_(novel)=The Search (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ground_Beneath_Her_Feet=The Ground Beneath Her Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linguistic_Imperialism=Linguistic Imperialism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayduke_Lives=Hayduke Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_God=The House of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Worlds_Collide=When Worlds Collide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_You_Forever=Love You Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_the_Blue_Dolphins=Island of the Blue Dolphins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiln_People=Kiln People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poisonwood_Bible=The Poisonwood Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wapshot_Chronicle=The Wapshot Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angle_of_Repose=Angle of Repose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_the_Heart=The Death of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Mirth=The House of Mirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Ami=Bel Ami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_(world)=Titan (world)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_of_Arts=The Bachelor of Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilith_(novel)=Lilith (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grief_Observed=A Grief Observed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charterhouse_of_Parma=The Charterhouse of Parma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_the_Castaways=In Search of the Castaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Is_Rising_Sequence=The Dark Is Rising Sequence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_(novel)=Lincoln (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Historical_Relation_of_the_Island_Ceylon=An Historical Relation of the Island Ceylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SSN_(novel)=SSN (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triggerfish_Twist=Triggerfish Twist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Roadkill=Florida Roadkill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_New_Eve=The Passion of New Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex_(novel)=Middlesex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_Alice_B._Toklas=The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1982,_Janine=1982, Janine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firewall_(Henning_Mankell_novel)=Firewall (Henning Mankell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_John=Odd John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirius_(novel)=Sirius (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curious_Incident_of_the_Dog_in_the_Night-Time=The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospital_Station=Hospital Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zazie_in_the_Metro=Zazie in the Metro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Enchanted=Ella Enchanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Flowers=The Blue Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romance_of_Atlantis=Romance of Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_(book)=Naked (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_Talk_Pretty_One_Day=Me Talk Pretty One Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orcs_and_Goblins_(Warhammer)=Orcs and Goblins (Warhammer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_of_Texas=Handbook of Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_in_the_Art_of_Archery=Zen in the Art of Archery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Armand=The Vampire Armand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dharma_Bums=The Dharma Bums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Cowgirls_Get_the_Blues_(novel)=Even Cowgirls Get the Blues (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bed-Sitting_Room_(play)=The Bed-Sitting Room (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_(book)=Boy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_and_the_Giant_Peach=James and the Giant Peach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Kiss_(book)=Kiss Kiss (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphere_(novel)=Sphere (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triton_(novel)=Triton (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_Space=Revelation Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasm_City=Chasm City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_(novel)=Diary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Global_Trap=The Global Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyton_Place_(novel)=Peyton Place (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Alexanderplatz=Berlin Alexanderplatz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_You_Can_Save_Mankind=Only You Can Save Mankind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_and_the_Dead=Johnny and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heather_Has_Two_Mommies=Heather Has Two Mommies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Psionics_Handbook=The Complete Psionics Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_After_Cacciato=Going After Cacciato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vice_Versa_(novel)=Vice Versa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Geisha=Memoirs of a Geisha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human,_All_Too_Human=Human, All Too Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antichrist_(book)=The Antichrist (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindness_(novel)=Blindness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bat_(novel)=The Bat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redbreast=The Redbreast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Star=The Devil's Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Supremacy=The Bourne Supremacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Littles=The Littles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewster's_Millions=Brewster's Millions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_(novel)=City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eats,_Shoots_&_Leaves=Eats, Shoots & Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_a_President=The Death of a President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_Book=The Code Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawksbill_Station=Hawksbill Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monstrous_Manual=Monstrous Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Book_of_Oz=The Royal Book of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mist_(novel)=Mist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Puzzle_Palace=The Puzzle Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Midnight=The Other Side of Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_As_She_Is_Spoke=English As She Is Spoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia's_Kitchen_Wisdom=Julia's Kitchen Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Treatises_of_Government=Two Treatises of Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Rama=The Garden of Rama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slan=Slan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water-Method_Man=The Water-Method Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Triffids=The Night of the Triffids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Subterraneans=The Subterraneans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristessa=Tristessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Warrior=The Woman Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanditon=Sanditon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Susan=Lady Susan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight_Mister_Tom=Goodnight Mister Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justine_(Sade)=Justine (Sade)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterexamples_in_Topology=Counterexamples in Topology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godmakers_(novel)=The Godmakers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Forces=Market Forces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando:_A_Biography=Orlando: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellstrom's_Hive=Hellstrom's Hive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_Have_Not=To Have and Have Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfit_for_Command=Unfit for Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesdays_with_Morrie=Tuesdays with Morrie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shardik=Shardik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Woodman_(novel)=Tin Woodman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answered_Prayers:_The_Unfinished_Novel=Answered Prayers: The Unfinished Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_and_Generals_(novel)=Gods and Generals (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Notes=American Notes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Tis='Tis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White-Jacket=White-Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Games=Patriot Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Wheel=Beneath the Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Places=Changing Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_World:_An_Academic_Romance=Small World: An Academic Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death's_Domain=Death's Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Botany_of_Desire=The Botany of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lost_Lady=A Lost Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_British_Coup=A Very British Coup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Writes_to_the_Colonel=No One Writes to the Colonel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_Nickleby=Nicholas Nickleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Partner=The Partner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skipping_Christmas=Skipping Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fevre_Dream=Fevre Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpleasant_Profession_of_Jonathan_Hoag=The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_(novel)=The Firm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Balance=A Fine Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Watch_(Lukyanenko_novel)=Night Watch (Lukyanenko novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cobweb_(novel)=The Cobweb (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interface_(novel)=Interface (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipping_the_Velvet=Tipping the Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_Sub_Rosa=Roma Sub Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkover_Landfall=Darkover Landfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormqueen!=Stormqueen!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Area_of_Darkness=An Area of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pompeii_(novel)=Pompeii (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Light_in_the_Attic=A Light in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reliance_of_the_Traveller=Reliance of the Traveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruny_Surin=Bruny Surin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Fortress=Digital Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkmistress!=Hawkmistress!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Destruction_of_the_European_Jews=The Destruction of the European Jews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_River=Slow River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Beatles_Recording_Sessions=The Complete Beatles Recording Sessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simple_Art_of_Murder=The Simple Art of Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Owl=The Blind Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Opal_Deception=Artemis Fowl: The Opal Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Doctrine=The Secret Doctrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prague_(novel)=Prague (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_of_the_Guardians=Star of the Guardians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudstreet=Cloudstreet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow=The Hollow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origins_of_Totalitarianism=The Origins of Totalitarianism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_of_Dreams=Knife of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Explosion=The Great Explosion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_Sea,_Under_Stone=Over Sea, Under Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune:_The_Butlerian_Jihad=Dune: The Butlerian Jihad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_to_Rebellion=Rise to Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer's_Hammer=Lucifer's Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Abides=Earth Abides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_OK,_You're_OK=I'm OK, You're OK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune:_The_Machine_Crusade=Dune: The Machine Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova's_Chinese_Restaurant=Casanova's Chinese Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_on_the_Dole=Love on the Dole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_of_Changes=A Time of Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downward_to_the_Earth=Downward to the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancestor's_Tale=The Ancestor's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Death_Ground=In Death Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shiva_Option=The Shiva Option
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moment_in_Peking=Moment in Peking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Circus_of_Physics=The Flying Circus of Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Heroes=Girl Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holes_(novel)=Holes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biographical_Dictionary_of_the_Extreme_Right_Since_1890=Biographical Dictionary of the Extreme Right Since 1890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Things_Done=Getting Things Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_City_of_the_Jedi=The Lost City of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notebooks_of_Lazarus_Long=The Notebooks of Lazarus Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchymist's_Cat=The Alchymist's Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_Papers=The Enemy Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pillars_of_Creation=The Pillars of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_Found_in_a_Bathtub=Memoirs Found in a Bathtub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursuit_of_the_House-Boat=Pursuit of the House-Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollyanna=Pollyanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigger_Heaven=Nigger Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragonbone_Chair=The Dragonbone Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonfly:_NASA_and_the_Crisis_Aboard_Mir=Dragonfly: NASA and the Crisis Aboard Mir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Varley_Reader=The John Varley Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magician_(novel)=Magician (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruel_Sea_(novel)=The Cruel Sea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpet_People=The Carpet People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Inside=The World Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uplift_War=The Uplift War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Female_Man=The Female Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crux_Ansata=Crux Ansata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Gebelawi=Children of Gebelawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demi-Gods_and_Semi-Devils=Demi-Gods and Semi-Devils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Ishmael=My Ishmael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Lion=Paper Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideas_Have_Consequences=Ideas Have Consequences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggars_in_Spain=Beggars in Spain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_of_the_Red_Night=Cities of the Red Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune:_The_Battle_of_Corrin=Dune: The Battle of Corrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persistence_of_Memory=Persistence of Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandelion_Wine=Dandelion Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Warriors=Generation Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chocolate_War=The Chocolate War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SilverFin=SilverFin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concepts_of_Modern_Mathematics=Concepts of Modern Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolving_the_Alien=Evolving the Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Hunger=The House of Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Do_You_Care_What_Other_People_Think%3F=What Do You Care What Other People Think?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marble_Faun=The Marble Faun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polar_Express=The Polar Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_and_the_Dark=The Light and the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descartes'_Error=Descartes' Error
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_(novel)=Hoot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_Me,_Ultima=Bless Me, Ultima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titan_(Baxter_novel)=Titan (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gemini_Contenders=The Gemini Contenders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dune_Encyclopedia=The Dune Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Food_of_the_Gods_and_How_It_Came_to_Earth=The Food of the Gods and How It Came to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Passant=George Passant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exploits_of_Sherlock_Holmes=The Exploits of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Vision_controversy=Fatal Vision controversy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Further_Disillusionment_in_Russia=My Further Disillusionment in Russia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Greenwood_Tree=Under the Greenwood Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Remedies=Desperate Remedies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pair_of_Blue_Eyes=A Pair of Blue Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Native=The Return of the Native
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Geometry=Turtle Geometry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Blood=Wise Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Suzie_Wong=The World of Suzie Wong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_of_the_Purple_Sage=Riders of the Purple Sage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragondrums=Dragondrums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Light=Virtual Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idoru=Idoru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evasion_(book)=Evasion (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwood_Farm=Blackwood Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifteen_Decisive_Battles_of_the_World=The Fifteen Decisive Battles of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Under_the_Sun=Evil Under the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcerer's_Apprentice_(book)=Sorcerer's Apprentice (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raw_and_the_Cooked=The Raw and the Cooked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Shot=Moon Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Under_Water=Horse Under Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neutronium_Alchemist=The Neutronium Alchemist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_God=The Naked God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airframe_(novel)=Airframe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sneetches_and_Other_Stories=The Sneetches and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unusual_Angle=An Unusual Angle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evelina=Evelina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mardi=Mardi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sputnik_Sweetheart=Sputnik Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oroonoko=Oroonoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Flicka=My Friend Flicka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Planet_Called_Treason=A Planet Called Treason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guide=The Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_a_New_Machine=The Soul of a New Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omoo=Omoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hurrah=The Last Hurrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ebony_Tower=The Ebony Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_Nearly_Everything=A Short History of Nearly Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monstrous_Regiment_(novel)=Monstrous Regiment (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plot_Against_America=The Plot Against America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Poppins_Opens_the_Door=Mary Poppins Opens the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_(Lem_novel)=Eden (Lem novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_European_Dream=The European Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringworld's_Children=Ringworld's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biographia_Literaria=Biographia Literaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imajica=Imajica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frankenfood_Myth=The Frankenfood Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motorcycle_Diaries_(book)=The Motorcycle Diaries (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comanche_Moon=Comanche Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_of_the_Apes=Tarzan of the Apes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower_VII:_The_Dark_Tower=The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andalite_Chronicles=The Andalite Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception_Point=Deception Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surely_You're_Joking,_Mr._Feynman!=Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Time_of_Cholera=Love in the Time of Cholera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gai-Jin=Gai-Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammonite_(novel)=Ammonite (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rite_of_Passage_(novel)=Rite of Passage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloody_Chamber=The Bloody Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Abramelin=The Book of Abramelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Among_Equals_(novel)=First Among Equals (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopussy_and_The_Living_Daylights=Octopussy and The Living Daylights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrilling_Cities=Thrilling Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fungus_the_Bogeyman=Fungus the Bogeyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Down_Staircase=Up the Down Staircase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_revolutionibus_orbium_coelestium=De revolutionibus orbium coelestium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summons_to_Memphis=A Summons to Memphis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_at_the_End_of_This_Book:_Starring_Lovable,_Furry_Old_Grover=The Monster at the End of This Book: Starring Lovable, Furry Old Grover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_Reawakens=The Beast Reawakens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coma_(novel)=Coma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_humani_corporis_fabrica=De humani corporis fabrica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphinx_(novel)=Sphinx (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_St._Louis_(book)=The Spirit of St. Louis (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_(Cook_novel)=Fever (Cook novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godplayer_(novel)=Godplayer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindbend_(novel)=Mindbend (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaffir_Boy=Kaffir Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_to_Manzanar=Farewell to Manzanar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Princess_of_Mars=A Princess of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentimental_Education=Sentimental Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faceless_Killers=Faceless Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Who_Whispers=He Who Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crooked_Hinge=The Crooked Hinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Canticle=Blood Canticle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Much_Obliged,_Jeeves=Much Obliged, Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Documents=Book of Documents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthly_Powers=Earthly Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamers_(novel_series)=The Dreamers (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(Faulkner_novel)=Sanctuary (Faulkner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Wallpaper=The Yellow Wallpaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightshade_(novel)=Nightshade (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hero_of_Our_Time=A Hero of Our Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versed=Versed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Hands_with_the_Devil_(book)=Shake Hands with the Devil (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_in_Full=A Man in Full
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackwater_Lightship=The Blackwater Lightship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Strange_&_Mr_Norrell=Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Don=The Last Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gutenberg_Galaxy=The Gutenberg Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manual_of_the_Planes=Manual of the Planes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_A_to_Z=Disney A to Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Doon=National Lampoon's Doon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_the_Cheese=I Am the Cheese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_&_Fire=Frost & Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Defender_of_Camelot=The Last Defender of Camelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manna_from_Heaven=Manna from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Legion_(Zelazny_collection)=My Name Is Legion (Zelazny collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unicorn_Variations=Unicorn Variations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Cooking=The Joy of Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpathian_Castle=The Carpathian Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wag_the_Dog_(novel)=Wag the Dog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_Fishing_in_America=Trout Fishing in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Died_with_a_Felafel_in_His_Hand=He Died with a Felafel in His Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leucippe_and_Clitophon=Leucippe and Clitophon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Visits=Autumn Visits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sun_(Edward_Abbey_novel)=Black Sun (Edward Abbey novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenya_Mountain=Kenya Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleepwalkers=The Sleepwalkers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janus:_A_Summing_Up=Janus: A Summing Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_on_a_Tower=Two on a Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woodlanders=The Woodlanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Playground=God's Playground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Policeman=The Third Policeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Book_of_Communism=The Black Book of Communism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Banner_of_Heaven=Under the Banner of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_Eden=West of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Bred_in_the_Bone=What's Bred in the Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Pale_Horse=On a Pale Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_Shine_Down=The Stars Shine Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dombey_and_Son=Dombey and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half_Gallon_Quarter_Acre_Pavlova_Paradise=The Half Gallon Quarter Acre Pavlova Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Europe_Underdeveloped_Africa=How Europe Underdeveloped Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dark_Places_(book)=My Dark Places (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Boleyn_Girl=The Other Boleyn Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forty_Days_of_Musa_Dagh=The Forty Days of Musa Dagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Frisby_and_the_Rats_of_NIMH=Mrs. Frisby and the Rats of NIMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vathek=Vathek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Dream_(novel)=Requiem for a Dream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Black_Hill=On the Black Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_with_Charley=Travels with Charley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imzadi=Imzadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moor's_Last_Sigh=The Moor's Last Sigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadonshchina=Zadonshchina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_Bloodbath=Disco Bloodbath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypso_(novel)=Apocalypso (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Snow=Spring Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seduction_of_the_Innocent=Seduction of the Innocent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Antiquarian=The Modern Antiquarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Down,_Moses_(short_story_collection)=Go Down, Moses (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sigma_Protocol=The Sigma Protocol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keepers_of_the_House=The Keepers of the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Past_Human=Half Past Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantida_(novel)=Atlantida (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thanatos_Syndrome=The Thanatos Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strandloper_(novel)=Strandloper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Reality=The Road to Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plantae_Asiaticae_Rariores=Plantae Asiaticae Rariores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_of_God=The Mind of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greene_Murder_Case=The Greene Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canary_Murder_Case=The Canary Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop_Murder_Case=The Bishop Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarab_Murder_Case=The Scarab Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kennel_Murder_Case=The Kennel Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kidnap_Murder_Case=The Kidnap Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Murder_Case=The Winter Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gracie_Allen_Murder_Case=The Gracie Allen Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orthodoxy_(book)=Orthodoxy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Athena=Black Athena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advise_and_Consent=Advise and Consent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Planets=Two Planets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concept_of_Mind=The Concept of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Really_Great_Whangdoodles=The Last of the Really Great Whangdoodles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tao_of_Physics=The Tao of Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribes_of_Redwall_Otters=Tribes of Redwall Otters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Man's_Bluff:_The_Untold_Story_of_American_Submarine_Espionage=Blind Man's Bluff: The Untold Story of American Submarine Espionage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_of_Lochnagar=The Old Man of Lochnagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line_of_Beauty=The Line of Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smoke_Ring_(novel)=The Smoke Ring (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_in_My_Pocket_Like_Grains_of_Sand=Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_of_the_Squinting_Windows=Valley of the Squinting Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_of_Tears=Stone of Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard's_Spots=The Leopard's Spots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mordant's_Need=Mordant's Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wind_in_the_Door=A Wind in the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Patrol=The Long Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherland=Netherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinking_with_Fists=Blinking with Fists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Time=The Big Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Loves=The Four Loves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Juror=The Last Juror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpist_in_the_Wind=Harpist in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islandia_(novel)=Islandia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardens_of_the_Moon=Gardens of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Megalithic_European=The Megalithic European
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schismatrix=Schismatrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malazan_Book_of_the_Fallen=Malazan Book of the Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hating_America:_The_New_World_Sport=Hating America: The New World Sport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Ember=The City of Ember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_at_Lilac_Inn=The Mystery at Lilac Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Tree=The Hollow Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthworks_(novel)=Earthworks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_American_Novel_(Roth)=The Great American Novel (Roth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Force_Rising=Dark Force Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heir_to_the_Empire=Heir to the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celestine_Prophecy=The Celestine Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abolition_of_Man=The Abolition of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Locked_Room=The Locked Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel's_Command=The Angel's Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaways_of_the_Flying_Dutchman=Castaways of the Flying Dutchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Golden_Shadow=City of Golden Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuvia,_Maid_of_Mars=Thuvia, Maid of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_(Lynne_Cheney_novel)=Sisters (Lynne Cheney novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Band_Could_Be_Your_Life=Our Band Could Be Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Soldier=The New Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_of_Eden=Fires of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Nostradamus!=Hey Nostradamus!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Discworld_III:_Darwin's_Watch=The Science of Discworld III: Darwin's Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Little_Pigs=Five Little Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermediate_Perl=Intermediate Perl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Son_(novel)=Seventh Son (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Madder_(novel)=Rose Madder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupert_of_Hentzau=Rupert of Hentzau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Humane_Interface=The Humane Interface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tono-Bungay=Tono-Bungay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evidence_of_Things_Not_Seen=The Evidence of Things Not Seen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaters_of_the_Dead=Eaters of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clan_of_the_Cave_Bear=The Clan of the Cave Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Cases_Suggestive_of_Reincarnation=Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ill-Made_Knight=The Ill-Made Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonville_(novel)=Boonville (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Solomon_(novel)=Song of Solomon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betrayal_of_America=The Betrayal of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discipline_and_Punish=Discipline and Punish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Princess_Osra=The Heart of Princess Osra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genetics_and_the_Origin_of_Species=Genetics and the Origin of Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadside_Picnic=Roadside Picnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Teeth=White Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Uncle_Oswald=My Uncle Oswald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy's_Life_(novel)=Boy's Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dog_(novel)=Red Dog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_500_Hats_of_Bartholomew_Cubbins=The 500 Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Ship=The Death Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twits=The Twits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George's_Marvellous_Medicine=George's Marvellous Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esio_Trot=Esio Trot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vicar_of_Nibbleswicke=The Vicar of Nibbleswicke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yargo_(novel)=Yargo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_Trap=Cobra Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lions_of_Al-Rassan=The Lions of Al-Rassan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unsuitable_Job_for_a_Woman=An Unsuitable Job for a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cunning_Man=The Cunning Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpius_(novel)=Scorpius (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amateur_Marriage=The Amateur Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crabwalk=Crabwalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mossflower=Mossflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(book)=Into the Wild (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Tremain=Johnny Tremain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Brocktree=Lord Brocktree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_the_Warrior=Martin the Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Believer=The True Believer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binary_(novel)=Binary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_Chaos_(book)=Lords of Chaos (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_from_Yesteryear=Voyage from Yesteryear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Engines=Mortal Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commanding_Heights=The Commanding Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyeless_in_Gaza_(novel)=Eyeless in Gaza (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payasos_en_la_lavadora=Payasos en la lavadora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator's_Gold=Predator's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Dimensional_Man=One-Dimensional Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Far_Can_You_Go%3F=How Far Can You Go?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Hatches_the_Egg=Horton Hatches the Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonseed_(novel)=Moonseed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sickness_Unto_Death=The Sickness Unto Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origins_of_Virtue=The Origins of Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Spock=I Am Spock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbath's_Theater=Sabbath's Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Black_Mountains=People of the Black Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Thomas_(novel)=Odd Thomas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune:_House_Atreides=Dune: House Atreides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House-Boat_on_the_Styx=A House-Boat on the Styx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Society_of_the_Spectacle=The Society of the Spectacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emeka=Emeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ficciones=Ficciones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_Rising=Hannibal Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Priestess=Hitler's Priestess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teeth_of_the_Tiger=The Teeth of the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stupidest_Angel=The Stupidest Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Voyage_II:_Destination_Brain=Fantastic Voyage II: Destination Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_on_a_Scandal=Notes on a Scandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle_of_the_Werewolf=Cycle of the Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kreutzer_Sonata=The Kreutzer Sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Intelligent_Machines=The Age of Intelligent Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_from_Nowhere=News from Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Templar_(The_Saint)=Knight Templar (The Saint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10%25_Solution_for_a_Healthy_Life=The 10% Solution for a Healthy Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream-Quest_of_Unknown_Kadath=The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Planted_Trees=The Man Who Planted Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_of_Deception=Cloak of Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climbing_Mount_Improbable=Climbing Mount Improbable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_House_(novel)=Black House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Source_(novel)=The Source (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudsplitter=Cloudsplitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsignor_Quixote=Monsignor Quixote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Writer=The Ghost Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_(novel)=Politics (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_America_(book)=Made in America (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sociobiology:_The_New_Synthesis=Sociobiology: The New Synthesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_and_the_Carpet=The Phoenix and the Carpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sartor_Resartus=Sartor Resartus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Basic_Eight=The Basic Eight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_of_a_Yogi=Autobiography of a Yogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Play=Rules of Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Pine_(books)=Lone Pine (books)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_This_August=Not This August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warlock_of_Firetop_Mountain=The Warlock of Firetop Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridget_Jones:_The_Edge_of_Reason=Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropic_of_Capricorn_(novel)=Tropic of Capricorn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumbles_from_the_Grave=Grumbles from the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Glas=Doctor Glas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog_of_Flanders=A Dog of Flanders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_in_His_Labyrinth=The General in His Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdsong_(novel)=Birdsong (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Fairy_Tales_of_Hermann_Hesse=The Complete Fairy Tales of Hermann Hesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Princess=A Little Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_on_the_Milk_Carton=The Face on the Milk Carton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_History_of_the_Kelly_Gang=True History of the Kelly Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Noise_(novel)=White Noise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Ayn_Rand=The Early Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Japed=The Man Who Japed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grantville_Gazette=The Grantville Gazette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spire=The Spire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warchild_(Lowachee_novel)=Warchild (Lowachee novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Wander_Boy=Lucky Wander Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Patients=Five Patients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coyote_Kings_of_the_Space-Age_Bachelor_Pad=The Coyote Kings of the Space-Age Bachelor Pad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Country=Snow Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Fear=The Valley of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Mortem=Past Mortem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Quiet_Flows_the_Don=And Quiet Flows the Don
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Days_of_the_Condor=Six Days of the Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Imaginary_Beings=Book of Imaginary Beings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Cauldron_(novel)=The Black Cauldron (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Wood_(novel)=Norwegian Wood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_(The_Book)=America (The Book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlwind_(novel)=Whirlwind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_Criticism=Anatomy of Criticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Park=Dream Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(Maugham_novel)=The Magician (Maugham novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pattern_Language=A Pattern Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silas_Marner=Silas Marner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Juan_Tenorio=Don Juan Tenorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Penny_More,_Not_a_Penny_Less=Not a Penny More, Not a Penny Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treccani=Treccani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_Grace=Alias Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Bette=Cousin Bette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hipster_Handbook=The Hipster Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Charlotte_Simmons=I Am Charlotte Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhenaten:_Son_of_the_Sun=Akhenaten: Son of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love_(novella)=First Love (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatshepsut:_Daughter_of_Amun=Hatshepsut: Daughter of Amun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Confession=A Confession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural=The Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_Time_(novel)=Story Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Patchwork_Planet=A Patchwork Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_of_Dr._Lao=The Circus of Dr. Lao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Horror=The Amityville Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fist_of_God=The Fist of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltos_(Rice_novel)=Taltos (Rice novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Empire=Naked Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pillars_of_the_Earth=The Pillars of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Fold=Blood of the Fold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_of_the_Fire=Soul of the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_the_Winds=Temple of the Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_(novel)=The Professor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Spirits=The House of the Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirette_on_the_High_Wire=Mirette on the High Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_People_You_Meet_in_Heaven=The Five People You Meet in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Intelligence=On Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_and_More_(book)=Everything and More (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shantaram_(novel)=Shantaram (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roots:_The_Saga_of_an_American_Family=Roots: The Saga of an American Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_Street=Miguel Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinky_Bill=Blinky Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_(novel)=Loving (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Rat_(Clavell_novel)=King Rat (Clavell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Your_Scattered_Bodies_Go=To Your Scattered Bodies Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Riverboat=The Fabulous Riverboat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Design=The Dark Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_the_South=The Guns of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_of_Our_Discontent=The Winter of Our Discontent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_from_Nowhere=The Wind from Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Grand_Meaulnes=Le Grand Meaulnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Island_(novel)=Bear Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Gate_(Vikram_Seth_novel)=The Golden Gate (Vikram Seth novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abramowitz_and_Stegun=Abramowitz and Stegun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smithsonian_Institution_(novel)=The Smithsonian Institution (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Elk_Speaks=Black Elk Speaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_Last_Son_of_Krypton=Superman: Last Son of Krypton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_Monday=Miracle Monday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchantment_(novel)=Enchantment (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadwork=Roadwork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glamorama=Glamorama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_African_in_Greenland=An African in Greenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_October_Country=The October Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thousand_Orcs=The Thousand Orcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Drow=The Lone Drow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_Modesty=Pieces of Modesty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Galatea=La Galatea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objectivism:_The_Philosophy_of_Ayn_Rand=Objectivism: The Philosophy of Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anandamath=Anandamath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway_Series=The Railway Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora_(novel)=Pandora (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lest_Darkness_Fall=Lest Darkness Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feminine_Mystique=The Feminine Mystique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantasies_of_Robert_A._Heinlein=The Fantasies of Robert A. Heinlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Story_of_Henry_Sugar_and_Six_More=The Wonderful Story of Henry Sugar and Six More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Experiment_with_Time=An Experiment with Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pyramid_(Kadare)=The Pyramid (Kadare)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Master=The Golden Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas,_My_Brother=Judas, My Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sab_(novel)=Sab (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_South_Pacific=Tales of the South Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smyth_Report=Smyth Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_of_the_Phoenix=The Flight of the Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_Samuel_Johnson=Life of Samuel Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchet_(novel)=Hatchet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_filibusterismo=El filibusterismo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armor_(novel)=Armor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skylark_of_Space=The Skylark of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omeros=Omeros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Card=The Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brethren_(novel)=The Brethren (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Wild_Things_Are=Where the Wild Things Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Old_Shades=These Old Shades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Varieties_of_Religious_Experience=The Varieties of Religious Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prize:_The_Epic_Quest_for_Oil,_Money,_and_Power=The Prize: The Epic Quest for Oil, Money, and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley_Under_Ground=Ripley Under Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrative_of_the_Life_of_Frederick_Douglass,_an_American_Slave=Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incidents_in_the_Life_of_a_Slave_Girl=Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Government_(textbook)=American Government (textbook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Sunrise=Iron Sunrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_to_Judgment=Rush to Judgment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminal_Man=The Terminal Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf's_Hour=The Wolf's Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Settling_Accounts:_Drive_to_the_East=Settling Accounts: Drive to the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Settling_Accounts:_Return_Engagement=Settling Accounts: Return Engagement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weapon_Shops_of_Isher=The Weapon Shops of Isher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Essays_on_the_Theory_of_Sexuality=Three Essays on the Theory of Sexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_Account_of_the_Destruction_of_the_Indies=A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance,_Rebellion,_and_Death=Resistance, Rebellion, and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Children=Wise Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pioneers_(novel)=The Pioneers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_(Maguire_novel)=Wicked (Maguire novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hocus_Pocus_(novel)=Hocus Pocus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadeye_Dick=Deadeye Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Story=Dream Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compass_Rose=The Compass Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Might_Is_Right=Might Is Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Notebook=The Devil's Notebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_Pakistan=A Short History of Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ars_Amatoria=Ars Amatoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers_and_Sons_(novel)=Fathers and Sons (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_the_Ripper:_The_Final_Solution=Jack the Ripper: The Final Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Minus_Ten=Zero Minus Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_He_Hollers_Let_Him_Go=If He Hollers Let Him Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosses_from_an_Old_Manse=Mosses from an Old Manse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow-Image,_and_Other_Twice-Told_Tales=The Snow-Image, and Other Twice-Told Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabric_of_the_Cosmos=The Fabric of the Cosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unlocking_the_Air_and_Other_Stories=Unlocking the Air and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Open_Doors=A Million Open Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_on_the_English=Letters on the English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Meister's_Apprenticeship=Wilhelm Meister's Apprenticeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond:_The_Authorized_Biography_of_007=James Bond: The Authorized Biography of 007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Sun=Colonel Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantastes=Phantastes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snake's_Pass=The Snake's Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Shore=The Unknown Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Per_Fine_Ounce=Per Fine Ounce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Month_in_the_Country_(novel)=A Month in the Country (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Man,_Poor_Man=Rich Man, Poor Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Planet_(novel)=Dinosaur Planet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meeting_of_Minds=Meeting of Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Things_Work=The Way Things Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_of_Venus=Carson of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Land=The Night Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Fear=State of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mouse_That_Roared=The Mouse That Roared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushing_to_Paradise=Rushing to Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Elves=Blood of Elves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_(novel)=Rebecca (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Poops=Everyone Poops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawing_Down_the_Moon_(book)=Drawing Down the Moon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religion_Explained=Religion Explained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithful_(book)=Faithful (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_of_Farewell=Stone of Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Green_Angel_Tower=To Green Angel Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_Smugglers=The Diamond Smugglers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Miller=Daisy Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Christmas_Pageant_Ever=The Best Christmas Pageant Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ada_or_Ardor:_A_Family_Chronicle=Ada or Ardor: A Family Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Obsession=Prime Obsession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idlewild_(novel)=Idlewild (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Losers=Beautiful Losers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogg_(novel)=Hogg (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Adventures=Oriental Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sula_(novel)=Sula (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloved_(novel)=Beloved (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Leopold's_Soliloquy=King Leopold's Soliloquy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_in_the_Bedroom=Philosophy in the Bedroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peace_War=The Peace War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_in_Realtime=Marooned in Realtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haroun_and_the_Sea_of_Stories=Haroun and the Sea of Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_for_the_Perplexed=A Guide for the Perplexed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Licence_Renewed=Licence Renewed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Special_Services=For Special Services
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmonia_Sacra=Harmonia Sacra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icebreaker_(novel)=Icebreaker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Role_of_Honour=Role of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Lives_for_Ever=Nobody Lives for Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Deals,_Mr._Bond=No Deals, Mr. Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Principles_of_Political_Economy_and_Taxation=On the Principles of Political Economy and Taxation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dalek_Factor=The Dalek Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win,_Lose_or_Die=Win, Lose or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brokenclaw=Brokenclaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Barbarossa=The Man from Barbarossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_is_Forever=Death is Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Send_Flowers=Never Send Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SeaFire=SeaFire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/COLD_(novel)=COLD (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facts_of_Death=The Facts of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Time_to_Kill=High Time to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DoubleShot=DoubleShot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Dream_of_Dying=Never Dream of Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Red_Tattoo=The Man with the Red Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facundo=Facundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambushers=The Ambushers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silencers=The Silencers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_in_Jeans=Crusade in Jeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Smilla's_Feeling_for_Snow=Miss Smilla's Feeling for Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocents_Abroad=The Innocents Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Stormfield's_Visit_to_Heaven=Captain Stormfield's Visit to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roughing_It=Roughing It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Blood=Oxford Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ways_of_Seeing=Ways of Seeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Dance_(novel)=Ghost Dance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figures_of_Earth=Figures of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chimes=The Chimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cricket_on_the_Hearth=The Cricket on the Hearth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22A%22_Is_for_Alibi="A" Is for Alibi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Status_Anxiety=Status Anxiety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Strogoff=Michael Strogoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunes_of_War_(novel_series)=Fortunes of War (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Church_of_Satan_(book)=The Church of Satan (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_(novel)=Voices (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjour_Tristesse=Bonjour Tristesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prison_Diary=A Prison Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianetics:_The_Evolution_of_a_Science=Dianetics: The Evolution of a Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Peyton_Place=Return to Peyton Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Standard_Tribe=Eastern Standard Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_Bug_Variations=The Gold Bug Variations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkness_Beckons=The Darkness Beckons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golem_(Gustav_Meyrink_novel)=The Golem (Gustav Meyrink novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_from_the_Sun=The Wind from the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Sky=The Other Side of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_White_Hart=Tales from the White Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_(novel)=Timeline (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_in_Advance=Time in Advance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danse_Macabre_(book)=Danse Macabre (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practical_Demonkeeping=Practical Demonkeeping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Condor_Heroes=The Return of the Condor Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Red_Fern_Grows=Where the Red Fern Grows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sovereign_State=The Sovereign State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang_the_Drum_Slowly=Bang the Drum Slowly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Southpaw=The Southpaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortilla_Flat=Tortilla Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sunday_at_the_Pool_in_Kigali=A Sunday at the Pool in Kigali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celebrated_Cases_of_Judge_Dee=Celebrated Cases of Judge Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long_a_Letter=So Long a Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Crisis=The American Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Tadeusz=Pan Tadeusz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racists_(novel)=Racists (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostwritten=Ghostwritten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_(book)=Runaway (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Frontier=The Dark Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Will_Jesus_Bring_the_Pork_Chops%3F=When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tom_Thomson_Mystery=The Tom Thomson Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recipes_for_Disaster=Recipes for Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endymion_(Disraeli_novel)=Endymion (Disraeli novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_as_Will_and_Representation=The World as Will and Representation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Barton=Mary Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewish_War=The Jewish War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stories_of_Vladimir_Nabokov=The Stories of Vladimir Nabokov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagombo_Snuff_Box=Bagombo Snuff Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabokov's_Congeries=Nabokov's Congeries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(Nabokov_novel)=The Gift (Nabokov novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triss=Triss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_Your_Mouth=Watch Your Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conscience_of_a_Conservative=The Conscience of a Conservative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinded_by_the_Right=Blinded by the Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republican_Noise_Machine=The Republican Noise Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Anita_Hill=The Real Anita Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Growth_and_Form=On Growth and Form
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush's_Brain=Bush's Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_the_Matter_with_Kansas%3F=What's the Matter with Kansas?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Laws_of_Massachusetts=General Laws of Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R_Is_for_Rocket=R Is for Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wicked_This_Way_Comes_(novel)=Something Wicked This Way Comes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Carnival_(short_story_collection)=Dark Carnival (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Apples_of_the_Sun=The Golden Apples of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zoot_Suit_Murders=The Zoot Suit Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stupids=The Stupids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberation_by_Oppression=Liberation by Oppression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Wiseguy=The Way of the Wiseguy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_at_Shadow_Ranch=The Secret at Shadow Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyes_of_Heisenberg=The Eyes of Heisenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Babylon=Hollywood Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Families_and_How_to_Survive_Them=Families and How to Survive Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popcorn_(novel)=Popcorn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Book_(novel)=Doomsday Book (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrinths=Labyrinths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Sweet_Sickness=This Sweet Sickness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Brain=The Green Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melancholy_Death_of_Oyster_Boy_&_Other_Stories=The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy & Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Peregrine_Pickle=The Adventures of Peregrine Pickle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ain't_Nobody's_Business_If_You_Do=Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Sky=Land of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Supposedly_Fun_Thing_I'll_Never_Do_Again=A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blighted_Life=A Blighted Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Ships=The Long Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_at_the_Villa=Up at the Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelor_Girl=The Bachelor Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Was_Born_in_Exile=God Was Born in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taggerung=The Taggerung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlfox=Marlfox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattimeo=Mattimeo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_the_Lonesome_October=A Night in the Lonesome October
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_II=Mao II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sign_of_Saturn=Under the Sign of Saturn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Hills_of_Africa=Green Hills of Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Day_(book)=The Longest Day (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben-Hur:_A_Tale_of_the_Christ=Ben-Hur: A Tale of the Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_American_Girl_(novel)=All American Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_and_Secret_Show=The Great and Secret Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everville=Everville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_of_Always=The Thief of Always
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaveworld=Weaveworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariel_of_Redwall=Mariel of Redwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Qaeda:_Casting_a_Shadow_of_Terror=Al-Qaeda: Casting a Shadow of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophie_Zoologique=Philosophie Zoologique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guoyu_(book)=Guoyu (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Author,_Author_(novel)=Author, Author (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_New_York=The Saint in New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balzac_and_the_Little_Chinese_Seamstress=Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emile,_or_On_Education=Emile, or On Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Willing_Flesh=The Willing Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_and_the_Green=The Red and the Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pearls_of_Lutra=The Pearls of Lutra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_When_We_Were_Grownups=Back When We Were Grownups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black-Body_Theory_and_the_Quantum_Discontinuity,_1894-1912=Black-Body Theory and the Quantum Discontinuity, 1894-1912
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_falsche_Buch=Das falsche Buch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unofficial_Football_World_Championships=Unofficial Football World Championships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_in_Darkness=Boy in Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimstone_(Preston_and_Child_novel)=Brimstone (Preston and Child novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Tiger=Ride the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affirmative_Action_Around_the_World=Affirmative Action Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_My_Travels=Notes from My Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Foster=Ellen Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrents_of_Spring=Torrents of Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gormenghast_(novel)=Gormenghast (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Alone=Titus Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Folding_Star=The Folding Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swimming_Pool_Library=The Swimming Pool Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer,_Detective=Tom Sawyer, Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tree_Grows_in_Brooklyn_(novel)=A Tree Grows in Brooklyn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Geste=Beau Geste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Dead=Tales of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occult_Chemistry=Occult Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Years=The Green Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Pittsburgh=The Mysteries of Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Sky_(novel)=The Big Sky (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cambridge_History_of_English_and_American_Literature=The Cambridge History of English and American Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reivers=The Reivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Live_Now=The Way We Live Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Box_of_Delights=The Box of Delights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backwards_(novel)=Backwards (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enigma_of_Arrival=The Enigma of Arrival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasmagoriana=Fantasmagoriana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond_and_Moonraker=James Bond and Moonraker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Bond,_The_Spy_Who_Loved_Me=James Bond, The Spy Who Loved Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Crush_(novel)=Orange Crush (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutation_(novel)=Mutation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Splinter_Cell_(novel)=Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Overboard=Saint Overboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Essay_Concerning_Human_Understanding=An Essay Concerning Human Understanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Red_Gate_Farm=The Secret of Red Gate Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Basilisk_Station=On Basilisk Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Among_Enemies=Honor Among Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Short_Victorious_War=The Short Victorious War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flag_in_Exile=Flag in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Eye_(novel)=Cat's Eye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_the_Iron_Mills=Life in the Iron Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eberron_Campaign_Setting=Eberron Campaign Setting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honor_of_the_Queen=The Honor of the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leo_Africanus_(novel)=Leo Africanus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_a_Communist=I Married a Communist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Volcano_Lover=The Volcano Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_America_(novel)=In America (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Sing_the_Body_Electric_(short_story_collection)=I Sing the Body Electric (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_of_Dishonor=Field of Dishonor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Enemy_Hands=In Enemy Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantic_Manifesto=The Romantic Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Titan=Star Trek: Titan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratner's_Star=Ratner's Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugitives_and_Refugees=Fugitives and Refugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_of_Honor=Echoes of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_of_Victory=Ashes of Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_Honor=War of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabinet_of_Curiosities=The Cabinet of Curiosities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collapse:_How_Societies_Choose_to_Fail_or_Succeed=Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_124C_41+=Ralph 124C 41+
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Asimov=The Early Asimov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquarium_(Suvorov)=Aquarium (Suvorov)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amsterdam_(novel)=Amsterdam (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gilded_Age:_A_Tale_of_Today=The Gilded Age: A Tale of Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Condor_Heroes=The Legend of the Condor Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aleph_(short_story_collection)=The Aleph (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bulgari_Connection=The Bulgari Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Templar_Revelation=The Templar Revelation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Diary=The Clue in the Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Discworld=The Art of Discworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_the_Earth=Letters from the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaman's_Crossing=Shaman's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire$=Vampire$
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_of_Girls_and_Women=Lives of Girls and Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Do_You_Think_You_Are%3F_(book)=Who Do You Think You Are? (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Progress_of_Love=The Progress of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_the_Lark=The Song of the Lark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Face=The Naked Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kingdom_of_Dreams=A Kingdom of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Diaries=The Stone Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Magic=Ship of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elective_Affinities=Elective Affinities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamandastron=Salamandastron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Say_Nothing_of_the_Dog=To Say Nothing of the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bean_Trees=The Bean Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Honor=More Than Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_of_Honor=Worlds of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changer_of_Worlds=Changer of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Service_of_the_Sword=The Service of the Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_of_Slaves=Crown of Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_Saganami=The Shadow of Saganami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece_of_Cake_(novel)=Piece of Cake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uncomfortable_Dead=The Uncomfortable Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flanimals=Flanimals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Atlantyk=Trans-Atlantyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borstal_Boy=Borstal Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tideland=Tideland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meditations=Meditations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mediterranean_Caper=The Mediterranean Caper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raft_(novel)=Raft (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timelike_Infinity=Timelike Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_to_Sing=Learning to Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisterhood_is_Powerful=Sisterhood is Powerful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genesis_Flood=The Genesis Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kite_Runner=The Kite Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_of_Angels=Rage of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sands_of_Time_(Sheldon_novel)=The Sands of Time (Sheldon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matarese_Circle=The Matarese Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_Trouble_and_Influence_People=How to Make Trouble and Influence People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metahistory=Metahistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink_(book)=Blink (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concluding=Concluding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camouflage_(novel)=Camouflage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_(Rousseau)=Confessions (Rousseau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_to_Eden=Exit to Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infernal_Desire_Machines_of_Doctor_Hoffman=The Infernal Desire Machines of Doctor Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_of_Seven_Stars=The Jewel of Seven Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Gandolfo=The Road to Gandolfo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_John_Wyndham=The Best of John Wyndham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Somewhere_(book)=Somebody Somewhere (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Man_in_Rome_(novel)=The First Man in Rome (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprised_by_Joy=Surprised by Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simulacron-3=Simulacron-3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_Force=Phoenix Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakkety_Tam=Rakkety Tam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadhouse_Gates=Deadhouse Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Chains=House of Chains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Tides=Midnight Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughters_of_the_Moon=Daughters of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_Ice=Memories of Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bonehunters=The Bonehunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crippled_God_(novel)=The Crippled God (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_of_Dreams=Dust of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toll_the_Hounds=Toll the Hounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkness_That_Comes_Before=The Darkness That Comes Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poison_Belt=The Poison Belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Myriad_Ways=All the Myriad Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Sherlock_Holmes=The Return of Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_in_Bronze=Woman in Bronze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodily_Harm_(novel)=Bodily Harm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Oracle=Lady Oracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Before_Man=Life Before Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_of_Mac_(book)=The Cult of Mac (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Shepherd_(novel)=The Good Shepherd (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Way_of_Deception=By Way of Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin's_Black_Box=Darwin's Black Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Morning_Glory=One for the Morning Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stations_of_the_Tide=Stations of the Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polysyllabic_Spree=The Polysyllabic Spree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blank_Slate=The Blank Slate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_to_the_French=Death to the French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonlance_Adventures=Dragonlance Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greyhawk_Adventures=Greyhawk Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Sawyer_Abroad=Tom Sawyer Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_for_the_Oaks=War for the Oaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Eden_(novel)=The Garden of Eden (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marabou_Stork_Nightmares=Marabou Stork Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_for_World_Is_Forest=The Word for World Is Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwinia_(novel)=Darwinia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_on_Trial=Darwin on Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis:_The_Antediluvian_World=Atlantis: The Antediluvian World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Chocolate_(novel)=Blood and Chocolate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisky_Galore_(novel)=Whisky Galore (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liberators_(Suvorov)=The Liberators (Suvorov)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Legacy_(novel)=The Bourne Legacy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_East=Journey to the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcissus_and_Goldmund=Narcissus and Goldmund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Law_Reports=Commonwealth Law Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winds_of_War=The Winds of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Voyage:_Live_Long_Enough_to_Live_Forever=Fantastic Voyage: Live Long Enough to Live Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard-Boiled_Wonderland_and_the_End_of_the_World=Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind-Up_Bird_Chronicle=The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_My_Melancholy_Whores=Memories of My Melancholy Whores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maia_(novel)=Maia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravans_(novel)=Caravans (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Power_(novel)=Absolute Power (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_of_Laura=The Original of Laura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatterglass=Shatterglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nausea_(novel)=Nausea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Magic,_Nights_of_War=Days of Magic, Nights of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kidnapped_(novel)=Kidnapped (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Reason_(novel)=The Age of Reason (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_New_Version=Chinese New Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airport_(novel)=Airport (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartlett's_Familiar_Quotations=Bartlett's Familiar Quotations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Wall:_A_Tale_of_the_Abhorsen_and_Other_Stories=Across the Wall: A Tale of the Abhorsen and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Ivan_Ilyich=The Death of Ivan Ilyich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_12.30_from_Croydon=The 12.30 from Croydon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Fall_of_Night=Against the Fall of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Justice_of_Roosting_Chickens=On the Justice of Roosting Chickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazz_(novel)=Jazz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jitterbug_Perfume=Jitterbug Perfume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fargo_Rock_City=Fargo Rock City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Solitaire=Desert Solitaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_(novel)=Kitchen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Wish_(novel)=Death Wish (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Camenzind=Peter Camenzind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Mosquitoes_Buzz_in_People's_Ears=Why Mosquitoes Buzz in People's Ears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_King=The High King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_a_Young_Girl=The Diary of a Young Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gathering_Blue=Gathering Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messenger_(novel)=Messenger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Ecology,_Spirituality=Sex, Ecology, Spirituality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomeritis=Boomeritis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strategic_Negotiations=Strategic Negotiations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veronika_Decides_to_Die=Veronika Decides to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songlines=The Songlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Watermelon_Sugar=In Watermelon Sugar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kraken_Wakes=The Kraken Wakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_from_an_Institution=Pictures from an Institution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Listerdale_Mystery=The Listerdale Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristoi_(novel)=Aristoi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Soviet_Army=Inside the Soviet Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prometheus_Deception=The Prometheus Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loamhedge=Loamhedge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Iron=The Castle of Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_of_Serpents=Wall of Serpents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_Forever=The Day of Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermilion_Sands=Vermilion Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passport_to_Eternity=Passport to Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myths_of_the_Near_Future=Myths of the Near Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systema_Naturae=Systema Naturae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bounds_of_Sense=The Bounds of Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_It_to_Psmith=Leave It to Psmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Avonlea=Anne of Avonlea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne's_House_of_Dreams=Anne's House of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_the_Island=Anne of the Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Windy_Poplars=Anne of Windy Poplars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Ingleside=Anne of Ingleside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Klingon_Dictionary=The Klingon Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Napoleon_of_Notting_Hill=The Napoleon of Notting Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chainfire=Chainfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_Dark=Sons of the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butter_Battle_Book=The Butter Battle Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Light,_Star_Bright_(book)=Star Light, Star Bright (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delphine_(novel)=Delphine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Distant_Mirror=A Distant Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accidental_Empires=Accidental Empires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Few_Quick_Ones=A Few Quick Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_and_Economics=Race and Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Win_(book)=You Can't Win (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_(novel)=Nova (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridlinked=Gridlinked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Win_Friends_and_Influence_People=How to Win Friends and Influence People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amber_Room_(novel)=The Amber Room (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_at_the_End_of_Time=The World at the End of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stones_Are_Hatching=The Stones Are Hatching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Cub=Devil's Cub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Dave_Gorman%3F=Are You Dave Gorman?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosicrucian_Cosmo-Conception=The Rosicrucian Cosmo-Conception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florante_at_Laura=Florante at Laura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_in_the_Fire=Secrets in the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimes_of_Freedom:_The_Politics_of_Bob_Dylan's_Art=Chimes of Freedom: The Politics of Bob Dylan's Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_World_(novel)=The Burning World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Approaches=Eastern Approaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Game_of_Hide_and_Seek=A Game of Hide and Seek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstellar_Pig=Interstellar Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Futures_of_Tycho=The Green Futures of Tycho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Mole_and_the_Weapons_of_Mass_Destruction=Adrian Mole and the Weapons of Mass Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pat_the_Bunny=Pat the Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Way_for_Ducklings=Make Way for Ducklings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug-Jargal=Bug-Jargal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toilers_of_the_Sea=Toilers of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninety-Three=Ninety-Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Laughs=The Man Who Laughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Day_of_a_Condemned_Man=The Last Day of a Condemned Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_Came_a_Spider=Along Came a Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discworld_Mapp=The Discworld Mapp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Enfants_Terribles=Les Enfants Terribles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alienist=The Alienist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zami:_A_New_Spelling_of_My_Name=Zami: A New Spelling of My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gender_Trouble=Gender Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oranges_Are_Not_the_Only_Fruit=Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giovanni's_Room=Giovanni's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coquette=The Coquette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primal_Urge=The Primal Urge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Spacewoman=Memoirs of a Spacewoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Men=Ten Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_on_the_Half-Shell=Venus on the Half-Shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Caves=The Secret of the Caves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Two_Worlds=Man of Two Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_Glass=Tower of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_(Gardner_Dozois_novel)=Strangers (Gardner Dozois novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callahan's_Lady=Callahan's Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commitment_Hour=Commitment Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Lincoln=The Real Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyote_Blue=Coyote Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Defence_of_Masochism=A Defence of Masochism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggars_Ride=Beggars Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Design_(book)=Intelligent Design (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Iron=Age of Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broker=The Broker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg_Chronicle=Nuremberg Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphereland=Sphereland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Midshipman_Hornblower=Mr. Midshipman Hornblower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieutenant_Hornblower=Lieutenant Hornblower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblower_and_the_Hotspur=Hornblower and the Hotspur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_River_and_into_the_Trees=Across the River and into the Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Person's_Book_of_Words=Superior Person's Book of Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pigman=The Pigman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_on_Earth=Now and on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junkie_(novel)=Junkie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkheart=Inkheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observations_on_the_Feeling_of_the_Beautiful_and_Sublime=Observations on the Feeling of the Beautiful and Sublime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Is_a_Lonely_Business=Death Is a Lonely Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonzero:_The_Logic_of_Human_Destiny=Nonzero: The Logic of Human Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece_by_Piece_(book)=Piece by Piece (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discworld_Companion=The Discworld Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racso_and_the_Rats_of_NIMH=Racso and the Rats of NIMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westward_Ho!_(novel)=Westward Ho! (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackeyes=Blackeyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_and_Man_at_Yale=God and Man at Yale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonar_Kella=Sonar Kella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_of_Winn-Dixie=Because of Winn-Dixie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Goblin=The Princess and the Goblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Zixi_of_Ix=Queen Zixi of Ix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sand_Child=The Sand Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfolks=Superfolks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hole_in_Space=A Hole in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counterfeit_Man=The Counterfeit Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Meridian=Blood Meridian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Pretty_Horses_(novel)=All the Pretty Horses (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codex_Astensis=Codex Astensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchard_Keeper=The Orchard Keeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titan_(novel)=The Titan (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Desert_and_Wilderness=In Desert and Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Inventions:_The_Autobiography_of_Nikola_Tesla=My Inventions: The Autobiography of Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_God=Child of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suttree=Suttree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossing_(McCarthy_novel)=The Crossing (McCarthy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_of_the_Plain=Cities of the Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravelstein=Ravelstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giaour=The Giaour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthiban_Kanavu=Parthiban Kanavu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delusion_and_Dream_in_Jensen's_Gradiva=Delusion and Dream in Jensen's Gradiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_the_Finzi-Continis=The Garden of the Finzi-Continis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_Tree=The Summer Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_with_Lichen=Trouble with Lichen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchen_Confidential_(book)=Kitchen Confidential (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outward_Urge=The Outward Urge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Beginners_(novel)=Absolute Beginners (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_and_Hell_(essay)=Heaven and Hell (essay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cup_of_Gold=Cup of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q-Squared=Q-Squared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Atlas_(novel)=Cloud Atlas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naomi_(novel)=Naomi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S_Is_for_Space=S Is for Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paladin_of_Souls=Paladin of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exercises_in_Style=Exercises in Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Bede=Adam Bede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuns_and_Soldiers=Nuns and Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firewing=Firewing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_History=Living History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_Limbaugh_Is_a_Big_Fat_Idiot_and_Other_Observations=Rush Limbaugh Is a Big Fat Idiot and Other Observations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Heartbreaking_Work_of_Staggering_Genius=A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splinter_of_the_Mind's_Eye=Splinter of the Mind's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Hungry_Caterpillar=The Very Hungry Caterpillar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_to_Great=Good to Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_(Cook_novel)=Terminal (Cook novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memorial=The Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seize_the_Day_(novel)=Seize the Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Sisters=Summer Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Zone=End Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Day_(Ford_novel)=Independence Day (Ford novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester_and_the_Magic_Pebble=Sylvester and the Magic Pebble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney:_Hollywood's_Dark_Prince=Walt Disney: Hollywood's Dark Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Book_Dictionary=World Book Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hype_about_Hydrogen=The Hype about Hydrogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lovely_Bones=The Lovely Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_to_Earth=Expedition to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short,_Sharp_Shock=A Short, Sharp Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Nelson's_Death_Rat!=Mike Nelson's Death Rat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Unfinished_Voyage_of_Jack_Aubrey=The Final Unfinished Voyage of Jack Aubrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_Miss_Jane_Pittman=The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vortex_(novel)=The Vortex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Crap_Artist=Confessions of a Crap Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_My_Cult=Join My Cult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginian_(novel)=The Virginian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_(novel)=Queer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunar_Park=Lunar Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Remembrance=War and Remembrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrible_Trilogy=The Borrible Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_over_Innsmouth=The Shadow over Innsmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lair_of_the_White_Worm=The Lair of the White Worm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untouched_by_Human_Hands=Untouched by Human Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Stars=Time and Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Eminence=Grey Eminence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/View_from_a_Height=View from a Height
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_and_the_Brotherhood=The Book and the Brotherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Alley=Nightmare Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Range=The Deep Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnation_Alley=Damnation Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtain_(novel)=Curtain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Widow_for_One_Year=A Widow for One Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looking_Glass_War=The Looking Glass War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunches_in_Bunches=Hunches in Bunches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Lick_30_Tigers_Today!_and_Other_Stories=I Can Lick 30 Tigers Today! and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_an_English_Opium-Eater=Confessions of an English Opium-Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Efuru=Efuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Again,_Dangerous_Visions=Again, Dangerous Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Loathing_on_the_Campaign_Trail_'72=Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcast_of_Redwall=Outcast of Redwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_the_Dead_(novel)=Isle of the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_(novel)=The Truth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Plants=The Secret Life of Plants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sands_of_Mars=The Sands of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Rabinowitz=Dorothy Rabinowitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oregon_Experiment=The Oregon Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simulacra_and_Simulation=Simulacra and Simulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptation_and_Natural_Selection=Adaptation and Natural Selection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Miso_Soup=In the Miso Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/69_(novel)=69 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Executioner's_Song=The Executioner's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rice=Black Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armies_of_the_Night=The Armies of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_in_the_Lake=The Lady in the Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playback_(novel)=Playback (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Light_(novel)=White Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Scorpion=The House of the Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_House_(novel)=The Lake House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Grub_Street=New Grub Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_City=The Crystal City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovery_from_Cults=Recovery from Cults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Story=The Children's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wall_of_the_Sky,_the_Wall_of_the_Eye=The Wall of the Sky, the Wall of the Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wish_List_(novel)=The Wish List (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supernaturalist=The Supernaturalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchman's_Creek_(novel)=Frenchman's Creek (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrinth_of_Evil=Labyrinth of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisterhood_of_the_Traveling_Pants_(novel)=The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchy_in_the_Age_of_Dinosaurs=Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snapping:_America's_Epidemic_of_Sudden_Personality_Change=Snapping: America's Epidemic of Sudden Personality Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crome_Yellow=Crome Yellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberalism_Is_a_Mental_Disorder=Liberalism Is a Mental Disorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Tracy_Beaker=The Story of Tracy Beaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Pandas_and_People=Of Pandas and People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturday_(novel)=Saturday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Years_of_Merlin=The Lost Years of Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Laughter_and_Forgetting=The Book of Laughter and Forgetting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joke_(novel)=The Joke (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twyborn_Affair=The Twyborn Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Mind_Works=How the Mind Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pocketful_of_Rye=A Pocketful of Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republic_(Plato)=The Republic (Plato)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songs_of_Bilitis=The Songs of Bilitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_You_Feel_Anything_When_I_Do_This%3F=Can You Feel Anything When I Do This?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cement_Garden=The Cement Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitten_(novel)=Bitten (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_the_Later_Han=Book of the Later Han
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_and_the_Theory_of_Games=Evolution and the Theory of Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_of_Byzantium=Agent of Byzantium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Freaks_(book)=Jesus Freaks (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Boy_(novel)=Boy Meets Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rule_of_Four=The Rule of Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_by_Moonlight_(novel)=Journey by Moonlight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_a_Rock_and_a_Hard_Place_(book)=Between a Rock and a Hard Place (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monica's_Story=Monica's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Method=Against Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_in_Our_Genes=Not in Our Genes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archangel_(Harris_novel)=Archangel (Harris novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_Level_Handbook=Epic Level Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ships_of_Earth=The Ships of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_and_the_City=The Town and the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_Alone=How to Be Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love,_Last_Rites=First Love, Last Rites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zathura=Zathura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marrow_of_Tradition=The Marrow of Tradition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Is_Singing=The Grass Is Singing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_from_Tomorrow=Ten from Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminal_Beach=The Terminal Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Waves=The Sound of Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Bertram's_Hotel=At Bertram's Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alcoholics=The Alcoholics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charmed_Life_(novel)=Charmed Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Necklace=The Queen's Necklace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grain_of_Wheat=A Grain of Wheat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Notting_Hill_Mystery=The Notting Hill Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Camp_of_the_Saints=The Camp of the Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Century_of_Dishonor=A Century of Dishonor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Home_at_the_End_of_the_World=A Home at the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenilworth_(novel)=Kenilworth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Dealers=The Death Dealers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarka_the_Otter=Tarka the Otter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anansi_Boys=Anansi Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluke,_or,_I_Know_Why_the_Winged_Whale_Sings=Fluke, or, I Know Why the Winged Whale Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fallon_Blood=The Fallon Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twenty-One_Balloons=The Twenty-One Balloons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_(Palahniuk_novel)=Haunted (Palahniuk novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_House_(novel)=Hell House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radix_(novel)=Radix (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Afraid_of_the_Dark%3F_(novel)=Are You Afraid of the Dark? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Books_of_Blood=Books of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Munchausen=Mr. Munchausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minister's_Wooing=The Minister's Wooing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Angels:_The_Strange_and_Terrible_Saga_of_the_Outlaw_Motorcycle_Gangs=Hell's Angels: The Strange and Terrible Saga of the Outlaw Motorcycle Gangs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anil's_Ghost=Anil's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_a_Witch=Son of a Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarantula_(Bob_Dylan_book)=Tarantula (Bob Dylan book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larry's_Party=Larry's Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilderness_Tips=Wilderness Tips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudd'nhead_Wilson=Pudd'nhead Wilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_a_Dog=Heart of a Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holcroft_Covenant=The Holcroft Covenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferdydurke=Ferdydurke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essays_(Montaigne)=Essays (Montaigne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Sisters=The Seven Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_Broker=The Power Broker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tiger_for_Malgudi=A Tiger for Malgudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Banyan_Tree_and_Other_Stories=Under the Banyan Tree and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protector_(novel)=Protector (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_and_the_Seal=The Sign and the Seal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2001:_A_Space_Odyssey_(novel)=2001: A Space Odyssey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintersmith=Wintersmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shall_Wear_Midnight=I Shall Wear Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peshawar_Lancers=The Peshawar Lancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Origins_of_the_Fifth_Amendment=Origins of the Fifth Amendment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_the_Cloud=The Edge of the Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flambards_in_Summer=Flambards in Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Starr,_Space_Ranger=David Starr, Space Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dad's_Nuke=Dad's Nuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Starr_and_the_Big_Sun_of_Mercury=Lucky Starr and the Big Sun of Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Starr_and_the_Moons_of_Jupiter=Lucky Starr and the Moons of Jupiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Starr_and_the_Rings_of_Saturn=Lucky Starr and the Rings of Saturn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Starr_and_the_Pirates_of_the_Asteroids=Lucky Starr and the Pirates of the Asteroids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Starr_and_the_Oceans_of_Venus=Lucky Starr and the Oceans of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanic_Witch=The Satanic Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_(Viktor_Suvorov_book)=Suicide (Viktor Suvorov book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_of_Venus=Delta of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_in_the_Merde=A Year in the Merde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Ferdinand=The Story of Ferdinand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantoms_(novel)=Phantoms (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Humphrey's_Clock=Master Humphrey's Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starfighters_of_Adumar=Starfighters of Adumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Are_Hungry=How We Are Hungry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Redwall_Feast=The Great Redwall Feast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banglapedia=Banglapedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefox_(novel)=Firefox (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Swiftly_Tilting_Planet=A Swiftly Tilting Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperion_(Simmons_novel)=Hyperion (Simmons novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feeling_Good_Handbook=The Feeling Good Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heir_Apparent_(novel)=Heir Apparent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Island_(novel)=Penguin Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_History=The Secret History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Friend=The Little Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob's_Room=Jacob's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_(Mario_Puzo_novel)=The Family (Mario Puzo novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_of_Thunder,_Hear_My_Cry=Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cultures_of_Vision=Cultures of Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tailchaser's_Song=Tailchaser's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascension_Factor=The Ascension Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Before_Time=Not Before Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw_of_Torn=The Outlaw of Torn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_du_Lac=Hotel du Lac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Female_Eunuch=The Female Eunuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Jackals=The New Jackals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panzerschlachten=Panzerschlachten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apes_of_God=The Apes of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panzer_Leader_(book)=Panzer Leader (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhushala=Madhushala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_Charles_Darwin=The Autobiography of Charles Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perennial_Philosophy=The Perennial Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend_Sinister_(novel)=Bend Sinister (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dying_Sun=The Dying Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_the_ABA=Murder at the ABA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judge_and_His_Hangman=The Judge and His Hangman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wish_for_Wings_That_Work=A Wish for Wings That Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Station_(novel)=Way Station (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Wind_(Cussler_novel)=Black Wind (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naturalist_on_the_River_Amazons=The Naturalist on the River Amazons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Place_in_Nature=Man's Place in Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilgrim's_Regress=The Pilgrim's Regress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Let_Me_Go_(novel)=Never Let Me Go (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivagamiyin_Sapatham=Sivagamiyin Sapatham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richleighs_of_Tantamount=The Richleighs of Tantamount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moving_Finger=The Moving Finger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fictional_Guide_to_Scotland=A Fictional Guide to Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Where_Science_Meets_Imagination=Star Wars: Where Science Meets Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleachers_(novel)=Bleachers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testament=The Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Painted_House=A Painted House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expression_of_the_Emotions_in_Man_and_Animals=The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Black=The Woman in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smiling,_Proud_Wanderer=The Smiling, Proud Wanderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Minnow_Pea=Ella Minnow Pea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfacing_(novel)=Surfacing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Man=The Mad Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Encyclopedia_of_the_Social_Sciences=International Encyclopedia of the Social Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geological_Evidences_of_the_Antiquity_of_Man=Geological Evidences of the Antiquity of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pavane_(novel)=Pavane (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrillas_(novel)=Guerrillas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feed_(Anderson_novel)=Feed (Anderson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possession_(Byatt_novel)=Possession (Byatt novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah,_Plain_and_Tall=Sarah, Plain and Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demolished_Man=The Demolished Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer's_Slammers=Hammer's Slammers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Case_of_Conscience=A Case of Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motion_of_Light_in_Water=The Motion of Light in Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Lake=Blind Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(novel)=Resurrection (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Distinction=La Distinction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Must_Die=The King Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Yellow_Raft_in_Blue_Water=A Yellow Raft in Blue Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons_Uncensored_Family_Album=The Simpsons Uncensored Family Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katherine_(novel)=Katherine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_This_Furnace=Out of This Furnace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brief_Interviews_with_Hideous_Men=Brief Interviews with Hideous Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Blue_Train=The Mystery of the Blue Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wisdom_of_Crowds=The Wisdom of Crowds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Life_of_Chairman_Mao=The Private Life of Chairman Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Maze_(novel)=The Man in the Maze (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Fear_(novel)=Mortal Fear (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domestic_Manners_of_the_Americans=Domestic Manners of the Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Short_Stories_of_Ernest_Hemingway=The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_of_Darkness=The Angel of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Khyber_Rifles=King of the Khyber Rifles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worlds_of_Robert_A._Heinlein=The Worlds of Robert A. Heinlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songmaster=Songmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabal_(novella)=Cabal (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Short-Wave_Mystery=The Short-Wave Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priestess_of_Avalon=Priestess of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_Avalon=Lady of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarissa=Clarissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remembering_the_Kanji_and_Remembering_the_Hanzi=Remembering the Kanji and Remembering the Hanzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Asher_Lev=My Name Is Asher Lev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_House=The Forest House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godwhale=The Godwhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_at_the_Edge_of_the_World=Dancing at the Edge of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fengshen_Yanyi=Fengshen Yanyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angels_(Myers_novel)=Fallen Angels (Myers novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Threshold_of_Hope=Crossing the Threshold of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clotel=Clotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancy's_Mysterious_Letter=Nancy's Mysterious Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Velvet_Mask=The Clue of the Velvet Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medium_Is_the_Massage=The Medium Is the Massage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Room!_Make_Room!=Make Room! Make Room!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ragged-Trousered_Philanthropists=The Ragged-Trousered Philanthropists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecological_Genetics_(book)=Ecological Genetics (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler:_Red_Tide=Chandler: Red Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_on_the_Cutting-Room_Floor=The Face on the Cutting-Room Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Monkey_Trial=The Great Monkey Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_World_Problems_and_Human_Potential=Encyclopedia of World Problems and Human Potential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_of_the_Blind=Country of the Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songs_of_the_Kings=The Songs of the Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confessions_of_Nat_Turner=The Confessions of Nat Turner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrud_(novel)=Gertrud (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Country_(novel)=Another Country (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt's_Gift=Humboldt's Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minima_Moralia=Minima Moralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Damned=The Book of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo!=Lo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damage_Done_(book)=The Damage Done (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_in_Heaven=Pigs in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatterpoint=Shatterpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Atlantis=New Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good-bye,_Chunky_Rice=Good-bye, Chunky Rice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guenevere,_Queen_of_the_Summer_Country=Guenevere, Queen of the Summer Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraordinary_Popular_Delusions_and_the_Madness_of_Crowds=Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Trembling_(novel)=Fear and Trembling (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malice_Aforethought=Malice Aforethought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Man_(novel)=The Iron Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antarctica_(novel)=Antarctica (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafka_on_the_Shore=Kafka on the Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_Spy=A Perfect Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Prince=Dragon Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Languages_of_Africa=The Languages of Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tandia=Tandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Dark_(Wilton_Katz_novel)=Out of the Dark (Wilton Katz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(Gemmell_novel)=Legend (Gemmell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Death_in_the_Family=A Death in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kane_and_Abel_(novel)=Kane and Abel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Sandorf=Mathias Sandorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shop_Talk=Shop Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extremely_Loud_and_Incredibly_Close=Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_the_Flowers=Our Lady of the Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Illuminated=Everything Is Illuminated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Souls_of_Black_Folk=The Souls of Black Folk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hot_Zone=The Hot Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_in_the_Net=Islands in the Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Signs_of_Rain=Forty Signs of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Through_Slaughter=Coming Through Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z_for_Zachariah=Z for Zachariah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Mr_Quin=The Mysterious Mr Quin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Mansions=Green Mansions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner_4:_Eye_and_Talon=Blade Runner 4: Eye and Talon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Standfast=Mr Standfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limes_inferior=Limes inferior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commodore=The Commodore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Hornblower=Lord Hornblower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteen_Gun_Salute=The Thirteen Gun Salute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syntactic_Structures=Syntactic Structures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Daniel_(novel)=The Book of Daniel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nectar_in_a_Sieve=Nectar in a Sieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Exit_to_Brooklyn=Last Exit to Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Official_Preppy_Handbook=The Official Preppy Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Hero=Stephen Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lesson_Before_Dying=A Lesson Before Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Jedi=I, Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eschatology:_Death_and_Eternal_Life=Eschatology: Death and Eternal Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Cross-eyed_Lefty_from_Tula_and_the_Steel_Flea=The Tale of Cross-eyed Lefty from Tula and the Steel Flea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Soil=From the Soil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Horses=Runaway Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coalescent=Coalescent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Faust_(novel)=Jack Faust (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_the_Stars=Number the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_on_the_Galactic_Railroad=Night on the Galactic Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmopolis_(novel)=Cosmopolis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Encyclopedia_of_Fantasy=The Encyclopedia of Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Computer_That_Said_Steal_Me=The Computer That Said Steal Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duplicate=The Duplicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Air=Free Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Liberalism=Political Liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Shark_Hunt=The Great Shark Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Gursky_Was_Here=Solomon Gursky Was Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Clifford=Paul Clifford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Performing_Flea=Performing Flea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_(novel)=Scarecrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvil_of_Stars=Anvil of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drowned_World=The Drowned World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Reader's_Manifesto=A Reader's Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Diary=Berlin Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thud!=Thud!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_of_Mars=The Gods of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warlord_of_Mars=The Warlord of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestiges_of_the_Natural_History_of_Creation=Vestiges of the Natural History of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifty_Worst_Films_of_All_Time=The Fifty Worst Films of All Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnabout_(novel)=Turnabout (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusalka_(book)=Rusalka (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Valley=Rainbow Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_at_War=Zen at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slander:_Liberal_Lies_About_the_American_Right=Slander: Liberal Lies About the American Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harvey_Girls_(novel)=The Harvey Girls (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialectic_of_Enlightenment=Dialectic of Enlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Belly_of_the_Beast=In the Belly of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artemis_Fowl_Files=The Artemis Fowl Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bluest_Eye=The Bluest Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yvgenie=Yvgenie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernevog=Chernevog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Horses=The Valley of Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Eyes=Tiger Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_of_Angels=Knowledge of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mammoth_Hunters=The Mammoth Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eine_Billion_Dollar=Eine Billion Dollar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intermere=Intermere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_God,_This_Is_Anna=Mister God, This Is Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identity_(novel)=Identity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plains_of_Passage=The Plains of Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shelters_of_Stone=The Shelters of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Uses_of_the_Knife=Three Uses of the Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woken_Furies=Woken Furies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Kathmandu=Escape from Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Journey=The Long Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Train_Robbery_(novel)=The Great Train Robbery (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electronic_Life=Electronic Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Hearts_(novel)=Random Hearts (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unadulterated_Cat=The Unadulterated Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_to_Think_That_I_Saw_It_on_Mulberry_Street=And to Think That I Saw It on Mulberry Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shampoo_Planet=Shampoo Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_a_Big_Country=Notes from a Big Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Dream_(novel)=An American Dream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_from_One_End_Street=The Family from One End Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Night's_Gene=A Midsummer Night's Gene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Nation_(book)=The Savage Nation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_of_the_Christmas_Pudding=The Adventure of the Christmas Pudding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_Dogs_(novel)=Sleeping Dogs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_a_Boy=Of a Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Sassy_Tree=Cold Sassy Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Honour_of_Katharina_Blum=The Lost Honour of Katharina Blum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_in_the_Dark=Voyage in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_to_Power=Coming to Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_a_Satanist=The Secret Life of a Satanist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Doctor_Dolittle=The Story of Doctor Dolittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Friends=Absolute Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiloh_(Naylor_novel)=Shiloh (Naylor novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_Crossing_(book)=Washington's Crossing (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Fall_Down_(Robert_Cormier_novel)=We All Fall Down (Robert Cormier novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Lake=The Glass Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Regiment_(novel)=Sharpe's Regiment (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyages_of_Doctor_Dolittle=The Voyages of Doctor Dolittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consider_the_Lobster=Consider the Lobster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Hidden=Among the Hidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Tiger=Moon Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coins_in_the_Fountain_(novel)=Coins in the Fountain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gitanjali=Gitanjali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Falling_on_Cedars=Snow Falling on Cedars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Boys=Rocket Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pale_View_of_Hills=A Pale View of Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetrabiblos=Tetrabiblos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Vanishes=The Elephant Vanishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showdown_(Flynn_novel)=Showdown (Flynn novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle's_Zoo=Doctor Dolittle's Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle's_Garden=Doctor Dolittle's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle_in_the_Moon=Doctor Dolittle in the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_and_Damned=The Beautiful and Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_War=The Good War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Than_Life=Better Than Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moving_Target=The Moving Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiles_(play)=Exiles (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Fire=Wings of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tao_of_Programming=The Tao of Programming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Buddy=Nobody's Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Pompeii=The Last Days of Pompeii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_of_Loneliness=The Well of Loneliness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Sword_and_Dragon_Saber=The Heaven Sword and Dragon Saber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Folly=Dead Man's Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle's_Return=Doctor Dolittle's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle_and_the_Secret_Lake=Doctor Dolittle and the Secret Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrows_of_the_Queen=Arrows of the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oaken_Throne=The Oaken Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Rhulain=High Rhulain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Death_in_Shanghai=Life and Death in Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today's_Chinese_Version=Today's Chinese Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Journey_(novel)=The Longest Journey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drowning_Pool=The Drowning Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_of_Women_(Singh_novel)=The Company of Women (Singh novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argument_About_Basia=Argument About Basia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Onion_Field=The Onion Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeward_Bound_(Turtledove_novel)=Homeward Bound (Turtledove novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Open_the_Head=Breaking Open the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Pavilions=The Far Pavilions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prehistory_of_The_Far_Side=The Prehistory of The Far Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valerie_and_Her_Week_of_Wonders=Valerie and Her Week of Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunters_of_Dune=Hunters of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandworms_of_Dune=Sandworms of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Known_World=The Known World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygmalion_(play)=Pygmalion (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Recollections_of_Joan_of_Arc=Personal Recollections of Joan of Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Man_Jeeves=My Man Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_of_Gravity=Mission of Gravity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inimitable_Jeeves=The Inimitable Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archangel_(Shinn_novel)=Archangel (Shinn novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humiliated_and_Insulted=Humiliated and Insulted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicide:_A_Year_on_the_Killing_Streets=Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Stories_of_Arthur_C._Clarke=The Collected Stories of Arthur C. Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_of_Age_in_Samoa=Coming of Age in Samoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminal_Experiment=The Terminal Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ribbajack=The Ribbajack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual_III=Monster Manual III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Master's_Guide_II=Dungeon Master's Guide II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remembering_Babylon=Remembering Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three-Arched_Bridge=The Three-Arched Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Gold=Blood and Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fads_and_Fallacies_in_the_Name_of_Science=Fads and Fallacies in the Name of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Doll=The Lonely Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_Benjamin_Franklin=The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry,_the_Beloved_Country=Cry, the Beloved Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Blood=Roman Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Flowers=The War of the Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Against_the_Chtorr=The War Against the Chtorr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Queen_(Vinge_novel)=The Snow Queen (Vinge novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Funhouse=Lost in the Funhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cakes_and_Ale=Cakes and Ale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trumpet_of_the_Swan=The Trumpet of the Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_Colours=Theory of Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_(novel_series)=Warriors (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_to_the_Game=Invitation to the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napalm_and_Silly_Putty=Napalm and Silly Putty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Source_of_Magic=The Source of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Roogna=Castle Roogna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Mare=Night Mare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Lover=Zombie Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yon_Ill_Wind=Yon Ill Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Her_Panties=The Color of Her Panties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Question_Quest=Question Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Blythe=This Is Blythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atonement_(novel)=Atonement (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chris_Crawford_on_Game_Design=Chris Crawford on Game Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoon_River_Anthology=Spoon River Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Some_People_Die=The Way Some People Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Civil_War:_Army_vs._Navy=A Civil War: Army vs. Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masks_of_the_Illuminati=Masks of the Illuminati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_Treasure=The Tower Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Tasted_Shapes=The Man Who Tasted Shapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Affairs_(novel)=Foreign Affairs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_at_Rest=Rabbit at Rest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Is_Rich=Rabbit Is Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Made_of_Dawn=House Made of Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Sadness=The Edge of Sadness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Palomino_Molero%3F=Who Killed Palomino Molero?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scions_of_Shannara=The Scions of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter's_Tale_(novel)=Winter's Tale (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing's_Sacred_(book)=Nothing's Sacred (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On,_Jeeves=Carry On, Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Maggot=A Maggot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bag_of_Bones=Bag of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colorado_Kid=The Colorado Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_I_Am_Not_a_Muslim=Why I Am Not a Muslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomacy_(book)=Diplomacy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_the_Jubilee=Bring the Jubilee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_World=Lord of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Right's_Trip=Divine Right's Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unintended_Consequences_(novel)=Unintended Consequences (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lexus_and_the_Olive_Tree=The Lexus and the Olive Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freakonomics=Freakonomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stray_(novel)=Stray (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Fields_(novel)=London Fields (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_of_Lammermoor=The Bride of Lammermoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ourika=Ourika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_Earth=The Call of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talisman_(Scott_novel)=The Talisman (Scott novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talisman_(King_and_Straub_novel)=The Talisman (King and Straub novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_See_Every_Bird_on_Earth=To See Every Bird on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Apprentice=The Good Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_of_Charon=The Ring of Charon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brehms_Tierleben=Brehms Tierleben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_of_the_Fallen=Faith of the Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_She_Was_Good=When She Was Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_on_the_Door=The Mark on the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Years_of_Adventure=30 Years of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orange_Book:_Reclaiming_Liberalism=The Orange Book: Reclaiming Liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incompetence_(novel)=Incompetence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Brown_Suit=The Man in the Brown Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_of_Stepanchikovo=The Village of Stepanchikovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Rotten=Something Rotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Acres=A Thousand Acres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Common_Future=Our Common Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redburn=Redburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Key=The Glass Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarajevo_Tango=Sarajevo Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Guardian_of_Everness=Last Guardian of Everness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Robert=Petit Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_on_Rye=Ham on Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Civilizing_Process=The Civilizing Process
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief's_Journal=The Thief's Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners_of_Power=Prisoners of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Posthumous_Memoirs_of_Bras_Cubas=The Posthumous Memoirs of Bras Cubas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowned_Ammet=Drowned Ammet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny,_the_Champion_of_the_World=Danny, the Champion of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_Contract=The Social Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violent_Bear_It_Away=The Violent Bear It Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_in_the_Machine=The Ghost in the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverthorn_(novel)=Silverthorn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Darkness_at_Sethanon=A Darkness at Sethanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Happy_Death=A Happy Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Islam_Today=The Trouble with Islam Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Story_of_Ah_Q=The True Story of Ah Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Dune=The Road to Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anita_and_Me=Anita and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disciples=The Disciples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_It_Off_Lady=Sleep It Off Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Happened_to_Nancy=It Happened to Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_the_Day_Before=The Island of the Day Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_Singer=The Wind Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_of_the_Mastery=Slaves of the Mastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firesong=Firesong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darth_Maul:_Saboteur=Darth Maul: Saboteur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grave_(novel)=The Grave (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody's_All-American=Everybody's All-American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_(novel)=Monkey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_Inside=Dying Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Secret_Garden=My Secret Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Man_Is_Hard_to_Find=A Good Man Is Hard to Find
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desolation_Angels_(novel)=Desolation Angels (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peaceable_Kingdom:_An_American_Saga=The Peaceable Kingdom: An American Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_War:_American_Front=The Great War: American Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Wears_Prada_(novel)=The Devil Wears Prada (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_in_the_Twentieth_Century=Paris in the Twentieth Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Trigger_I:_The_Final_Secret_of_the_Illuminati=Cosmic Trigger I: The Final Secret of the Illuminati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Life=The Science of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mists_of_Everness=Mists of Everness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Requiem_(short_story)=Deutsches Requiem (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Crimes_and_Misdemeanors:_The_Case_Against_Bill_Clinton=High Crimes and Misdemeanors: The Case Against Bill Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_Mango_Street=The House on Mango Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_Lessons=Breathing Lessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Circle_(novel)=Perfect Circle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_Dreams=Marianne Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Talk_to_a_Liberal_(If_You_Must)=How to Talk to a Liberal (If You Must)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rum_Diary_(novel)=The Rum Diary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushiel's_Dart=Kushiel's Dart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treason:_Liberal_Treachery_from_the_Cold_War_to_the_War_on_Terrorism=Treason: Liberal Treachery from the Cold War to the War on Terrorism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeeves_in_the_Offing=Jeeves in the Offing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/States_and_Social_Revolutions=States and Social Revolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diviners=The Diviners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slouching_Towards_Bethlehem=Slouching Towards Bethlehem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antiquary=The Antiquary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onward_Muslim_Soldiers=Onward Muslim Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_of_the_Ninth=The Eagle of the Ninth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lantern_Bearers_(Sutcliff_novel)=The Lantern Bearers (Sutcliff novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Fools_(Porter_novel)=Ship of Fools (Porter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Empire:_Blood_and_Iron=American Empire: Blood and Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facts_Behind_the_Helsinki_Roccamatios=The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_White_Boys=Dirty White Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_the_West=The Rise of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Storey_Mountain=The Seven Storey Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England,_Their_England=England, Their England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_(novel)=Bloom (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbow_Room_(short_story_collection)=Elbow Room (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stories_of_John_Cheever=The Stories of John Cheever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_of_Hill_House=The Haunting of Hill House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyrbyggja_saga=Eyrbyggja saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Pope=Hitler's Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutan:_A_Visual_Odyssey_Across_the_Last_Himalayan_Kingdom=Bhutan: A Visual Odyssey Across the Last Himalayan Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Fate=Man's Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellarion_the_Fortunate=Bellarion the Fortunate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Chalion=The Curse of Chalion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Design_Revolution=The Design Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Denial_of_Death=The Denial of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthday_Letters=Birthday Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Circle=The Inner Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bookseller_of_Kabul=The Bookseller of Kabul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Circle_(novel)=The Inner Circle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_God=The Garden of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Islamic_Tolerance=The Myth of Islamic Tolerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Lagoon_(novel)=The Blue Lagoon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_They_Killed_My_Father=First They Killed My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basket_Case_(novel)=Basket Case (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam_and_Dhimmitude:_Where_Civilizations_Collide=Islam and Dhimmitude: Where Civilizations Collide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_8th_Habit=The 8th Habit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moralia=Moralia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switch_Bitch=Switch Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Memoirs_and_Confessions_of_a_Justified_Sinner=The Private Memoirs and Confessions of a Justified Sinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Niggers_of_America=White Niggers of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specter_of_the_Past=Specter of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_of_the_Future=Vision of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Not_Me%3F_(novel)=Why Not Me? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_File_on_H.=The File on H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Grey=Vivian Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expedition_(book)=Expedition (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlowe's_Guide_to_Extraterrestrials=Barlowe's Guide to Extraterrestrials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodsucking_Fiends=Bloodsucking Fiends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tietam_Brown=Tietam Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_the_Future=Winning the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_Man_(Hemon_novel)=Nowhere Man (Hemon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gremlins=The Gremlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastwatch:_The_Redemption_of_Christopher_Columbus=Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weight_of_Water=The Weight of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(Vidal_novel)=Empire (Vidal novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaubert's_Parrot=Flaubert's Parrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Hope=Killing Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Baby_Squad=The Baby Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(memoir)=Lucky (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Haunted_House_and_Other_Short_Stories=A Haunted House and Other Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorba_the_Greek=Zorba the Greek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Doom=Masters of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Replay_(Grimwood_novel)=Replay (Grimwood novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrick_(novel)=Merrick (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_Jihad=Lipstick Jihad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tao_of_Zen=The Tao of Zen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Gang_(novel)=Our Gang (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipstick_Jungle_(novel)=Lipstick Jungle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Flat=The World Is Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdict_of_Twelve=Verdict of Twelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Exalted_Deeds=Book of Exalted Deeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_in_History_and_Tradition=Abraham in History and Tradition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disclosure_(novel)=Disclosure (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Many_Colored_Days=My Many Colored Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Mannering=Guy Mannering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_New_Sun=The Book of the New Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Knives=Night of Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minty_Alley=Minty Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Soldiers=Ghost Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Further_Adventures_of_The_Joker=The Further Adventures of The Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_News_from_Another_Star=Strange News from Another Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_(novel)=Thomas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleabee's_Fortune=Fleabee's Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Portal=The Dark Portal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Prison=The Crystal Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Reckoning=The Final Reckoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside,_Outside=Inside, Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons_and_Philosophy:_The_D'oh!_of_Homer=The Simpsons and Philosophy: The D'oh! of Homer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filth_(novel)=Filth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlett_(Ripley_novel)=Scarlett (Ripley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Species_Plantarum=Species Plantarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deterring_Democracy=Deterring Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_What%3F=Guess What?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Lost_His_Face=The Boy Who Lost His Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Drummer_Girl=The Little Drummer Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Warburton=Will Warburton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedi_Search=Jedi Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Godmother=Scary Godmother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_(Hesse)=Poems (Hesse)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sentimental_Journey_Through_France_and_Italy=A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancers_at_the_End_of_Time=The Dancers at the End of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Apprentice=Dark Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Rider_(novel)=Dragon Rider (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Plateaus=A Thousand Plateaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Moon's_Incredible_Book_of_Hypnotism=Molly Moon's Incredible Book of Hypnotism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrel_Fever=Barrel Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deptford_Mice_Almanack=The Deptford Mice Almanack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Company=The White Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_an_Advertising_Man=Confessions of an Advertising Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ties_That_Bind_(novel)=The Ties That Bind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ties_That_Bind_(Star_Wars)=The Ties That Bind (Star Wars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Fire_(anthology)=Ring of Fire (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Caesar=American Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_John_Lennon=The Lives of John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inequality_Reexamined=Inequality Reexamined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft:_Lord_of_the_Clans=Warcraft: Lord of the Clans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft:_Day_of_the_Dragon=Warcraft: Day of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_in_a_Haystack=Dinosaur in a Haystack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Amulet=The Story of the Amulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_(novel)=Heroes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaynab_(novel)=Zaynab (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Europaea=Flora Europaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tramp_Royale=Tramp Royale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Sister=The Little Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parineeta=Parineeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_to_Eliza=Journal to Eliza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Traveler's_Wife=The Time Traveler's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_on_the_Synthesis_of_Form=Notes on the Synthesis of Form
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Titanic!=Raise the Titanic!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvie_and_Bruno=Sylvie and Bruno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_at_War=Bush at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft:_Of_Blood_and_Honor=Warcraft: Of Blood and Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bright_Shining_Lie=A Bright Shining Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dianetics:_The_Modern_Science_of_Mental_Health=Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft:_The_Last_Guardian=Warcraft: The Last Guardian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wren_&_Martin=Wren & Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Belief:_Essays_on_Life_and_Art=My Belief: Essays on Life and Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom's_Midnight_Garden=Tom's Midnight Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Bun=Plum Bun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stone_for_Danny_Fisher=A Stone for Danny Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Mortality=Old Mortality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superfudge=Superfudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_a_Fourth_Grade_Nothing=Tales of a Fourth Grade Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Silver_Rain=The Lonely Silver Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Symbol=The Lost Symbol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Kicked_Pigs=The Boy Who Kicked Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_Truth=The Nature of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warcraft:_War_of_the_Ancients_Trilogy=Warcraft: War of the Ancients Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Water=The Color of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time's_Eye_(novel)=Time's Eye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enormous_Crocodile=The Enormous Crocodile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_History%3F=What Is History?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier,_Ask_Not=Soldier, Ask Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yertle_the_Turtle_and_Other_Stories=Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_the_Places_You'll_Go!=Oh, the Places You'll Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridlock_(novel)=Gridlock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnno=Johnno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_at_the_Vicarage=The Murder at the Vicarage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanatorium_Under_the_Sign_of_the_Hourglass=Sanatorium Under the Sign of the Hourglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Legend_of_Montrose=A Legend of Montrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reader=The Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_D.C._(novel)=Washington, D.C. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Hillary=The Truth About Hillary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marching_Through_Georgia_(novel)=Marching Through Georgia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outbreak_(novel)=Outbreak (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_on_the_Bummel=Three Men on the Bummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad_Cypress=Sad Cypress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Council_of_Wyrms=Council of Wyrms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Men=Little Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Sword_(novel)=By the Sword (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Dreams=Animal Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Forever=The Truth About Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complicity_(novel)=Complicity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_the_Cliff=The House on the Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Chums=The Missing Chums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Old_Mill=The Secret of the Old Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shore_Road_Mystery=The Shore Road Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_for_Hidden_Gold=Hunting for Hidden Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Cabin_Island=The Mystery of Cabin Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Airport_Mystery=The Great Airport Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happened_at_Midnight=What Happened at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_the_Clock_Ticked=While the Clock Ticked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footprints_under_the_Window=Footprints under the Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Harbor_Mystery=The Hidden Harbor Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinister_Signpost=The Sinister Signpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Figure_in_Hiding=A Figure in Hiding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Warning=The Secret Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twisted_Claw=The Twisted Claw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Flying_Express=The Mystery of the Flying Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearing_Floor=The Disappearing Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flickering_Torch_Mystery=The Flickering Torch Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Broken_Blade=The Clue of the Broken Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melted_Coins=The Melted Coins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Panel=The Secret Panel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Freighter=The Phantom Freighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josephine_Mutzenbacher=Josephine Mutzenbacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Skull_Mountain=The Secret of Skull Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Crooked_Arrow=The Sign of the Crooked Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Lost_Tunnel=The Secret of the Lost Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wailing_Siren_Mystery=The Wailing Siren Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Wildcat_Swamp=The Secret of Wildcat Swamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crisscross_Shadow=The Crisscross Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Feather_Mystery=The Yellow Feather Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hooded_Hawk_Mystery=The Hooded Hawk Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Embers=The Clue in the Embers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Pirates'_Hill=The Secret of Pirates' Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_at_Devil's_Paw=The Mystery at Devil's Paw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Chinese_Junk=The Mystery of the Chinese Junk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Desert_Giant=Mystery of the Desert Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Screeching_Owl=The Clue of the Screeching Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viking_Symbol_Mystery=The Viking Symbol Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Aztec_Warrior=The Mystery of the Aztec Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Fort=The Haunted Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Spiral_Bridge=The Mystery of the Spiral Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Agent_on_Flight_101=The Secret Agent on Flight 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arctic_Patrol_Mystery=The Arctic Patrol Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masked_Monkey=The Masked Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shattered_Helmet=The Shattered Helmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_on_Vampire_Trail=Danger on Vampire Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bombay_Boomerang=The Bombay Boomerang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Hissing_Serpent=The Clue of the Hissing Serpent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Caravan=The Mysterious Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firebird_Rocket=The Firebird Rocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_Pyramid=The Jungle Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witchmaster's_Key=The Witchmaster's Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sting_of_the_Scorpion=The Sting of the Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Daisy_(novel)=Princess Daisy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Illusions=The Book of Illusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cart_and_Cwidder=Cart and Cwidder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champions_of_the_Force=Champions of the Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_Playing_Before_a_Statue_of_Hercules=Children Playing Before a Statue of Hercules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedians_(novel)=The Comedians (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_(novel)=The Citadel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantastic_Mr_Fox=Fantastic Mr Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streets_of_Laredo=Streets of Laredo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Walk=Dead Man's Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ring_of_Endless_Light=A Ring of Endless Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephants_Can_Remember=Elephants Can Remember
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_Midlothian=The Heart of Midlothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Boys=The Birthday Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Sacred_Thing=The Fifth Sacred Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Salt=The Price of Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Trigger_II:_Down_to_Earth=Cosmic Trigger II: Down to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Trigger_III:_My_Life_After_Death=Cosmic Trigger III: My Life After Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libris_Mortis=Libris Mortis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walls_Came_Tumbling_Down=The Walls Came Tumbling Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prometheus_Rising=Prometheus Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illuminati_Papers=The Illuminati Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father's_Glory=My Father's Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunstorm_(novel)=Sunstorm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father's_Dragon=My Father's Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Where_You_Are_Sitting_Now=Right Where You Are Sitting Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Inquisition=The New Inquisition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destined_to_Witness=Destined to Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmer_and_the_Dragon=Elmer and the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dominica_Story=The Dominica Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vendor_of_Sweets=The Vendor of Sweets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_(Sword_of_Truth)=Phantom (Sword of Truth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arm_of_the_Starfish=The Arm of the Starfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Feathers=Without Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Peerage=The Complete Peerage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao:_The_Unknown_Story=Mao: The Unknown Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_for_the_Philologists=Songs for the Philologists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Cinque's_Consolation=Joe Cinque's Consolation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Lie_with_Statistics=How to Lie with Statistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Wanderers=The Time Wanderers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redundancy_of_Courage=The Redundancy of Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Book_of_Chemistry_Experiments=The Golden Book of Chemistry Experiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(Negri_and_Hardt_book)=Empire (Negri and Hardt book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankuthimmana_Kagga=Mankuthimmana Kagga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_on_Wheels=Fear on Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problems_of_Philosophy=The Problems of Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Cloud=The Black Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Poems=New Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Walk_to_Freedom=Long Walk to Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sailor_Who_Fell_from_Grace_with_the_Sea=The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_Single_Girl=Sex and the Single Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Bob_Speaks=Silent Bob Speaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Western_Philosophy=A History of Western Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Loyal_Character_Dancer=A Loyal Character Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_My_Experiments_with_Truth=The Story of My Experiments with Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lajja=Lajja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minpins=The Minpins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigeon_English=Pigeon English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Sex=The First Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_(novel)=Voyage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_(novel)=Postcards (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca's_Tale=Rebecca's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derailed_(novel)=Derailed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sexual_Life_of_Catherine_M.=The Sexual Life of Catherine M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seabiscuit:_An_American_Legend=Seabiscuit: An American Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Destruction_of_Dresden=The Destruction of Dresden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fool's_Progress=The Fool's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Feather=The White Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Things=Poor Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_(novel)=Space (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Leather=Something Leather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_Maker=A History Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Scout_Handbook=Boy Scout Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Chronicles_of_Druss_the_Legend=The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Deceit=Day of Deceit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Liar's_Autobiography=A Liar's Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Ateneu=O Ateneu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaki_Mafia=Khaki Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(Ken_Dryden)=The Game (Ken Dryden)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre:_or,_The_Ambiguities=Pierre: or, The Ambiguities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debt_of_Bones=Debt of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Secrets_of_the_Ya-Ya_Sisterhood=Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastering_the_Art_of_French_Cooking=Mastering the Art of French Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moosewood_Cookbook=Moosewood Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle_Night=Oracle Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Virtue=After Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Hand=The Fourth Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_Alexander=The Nature of Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Short_Sun=The Book of the Short Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Long_Sun=The Book of the Long Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Hemlock=Fire and Hemlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nursery_%22Alice%22=The Nursery "Alice"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Education:_A_Book_of_Dreams=My Education: A Book of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bliss_(novel)=Bliss (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Beyond_Zebra!=On Beyond Zebra!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wampeters,_Foma_and_Granfalloons=Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletch_Won=Fletch Won
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Office_(novel)=Post Office (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_(novel)=Mexico (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_David's_Heart=Searching for David's Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taras_Bulba=Taras Bulba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politically_Incorrect_Guide_to_Islam_(And_the_Crusades)=The Politically Incorrect Guide to Islam (And the Crusades)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Design_Inference=The Design Inference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerhead_Ranch_Motel=Hammerhead Ranch Motel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadillac_Beach=Cadillac Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torpedo_Juice_(novel)=Torpedo Juice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Plus=Man Plus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Mars=Rainbow Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clansman:_An_Historical_Romance_of_the_Ku_Klux_Klan=The Clansman: An Historical Romance of the Ku Klux Klan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_the_Runestaff=The History of the Runestaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antic_Hay=Antic Hay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Incest=House of Incest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Blue_Good-by=The Deep Blue Good-by
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Days=The Final Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Arcane=Complete Arcane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_in_the_Air=The War in the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Science=The Gay Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Philosopher's_Stone=Indiana Jones and the Philosopher's Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perks_of_Being_a_Wallflower=The Perks of Being a Wallflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbo_Jumbo_(novel)=Mumbo Jumbo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Terrorist=American Terrorist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Flame_of_Queen_Loana=The Mysterious Flame of Queen Loana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_on_the_Mountain_(Abbey_novel)=Fire on the Mountain (Abbey novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonathan_Troy=Jonathan Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_Cowboy=The Brave Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_News_(novel)=Good News (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_on_the_Mountain_(book)=Fire on the Mountain (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Over_Easy=The Big Over Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Latin_Dictionary=A Latin Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_of_London_Plan=County of London Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Woods=In the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_in_Lisbon=The Night in Lisbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrill-Power_Overload=Thrill-Power Overload
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Life_with_Woodpecker=Still Life with Woodpecker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinds'_Feet_on_High_Places=Hinds' Feet on High Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Morning_Star=Son of the Morning Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_g_Factor:_The_Science_of_Mental_Ability=The g Factor: The Science of Mental Ability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Virgil=The Death of Virgil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_of_Byzantium_(novel)=Anna of Byzantium (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reveries_of_a_Solitary_Walker=Reveries of a Solitary Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sittaford_Mystery=The Sittaford Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Eagle_and_Swastika=Beyond Eagle and Swastika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Rush_(novel)=Sugar Rush (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Mobs=Smart Mobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songbook_(Nick_Hornby_book)=Songbook (Nick Hornby book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chancellor_Manuscript=The Chancellor Manuscript
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Everywhere_and_Other_Extraordinary_Visions=Out of the Everywhere and Other Extraordinary Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_of_Stars=Crown of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Songs_of_an_Old_Primate=Star Songs of an Old Primate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_Light-Years_from_Home=Ten Thousand Light-Years from Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Soldiers=The Virgin Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Key_to_Uncle_Tom's_Cabin=A Key to Uncle Tom's Cabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchcraft_Today=Witchcraft Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Through_the_Needle's_Eye=Alice Through the Needle's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_People_Who_Are_Screwing_Up_America=100 People Who Are Screwing Up America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bunker_(book)=The Bunker (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gammage_Cup=The Gammage Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_and_June=Henry and June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Sea_Will_Tell=And the Sea Will Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Relativity_of_Wrong=The Relativity of Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle-Master_of_Hed=The Riddle-Master of Hed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_from_the_Enchanter=The Flight from the Enchanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dain_Curse=The Dain Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_Safari_Man=Crocodile Safari Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_480=The 480
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Prophet=Red Prophet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce_Invalids_Home_from_Hot_Climates=Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Next_Time=The Fire Next Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_with_Death=Appointment with Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Dream=The Iron Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dance_with_Dragons=A Dance with Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang:_A_Journey_in_North_Korea=Pyongyang: A Journey in North Korea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Men_in_London=Last Men in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Design_Programs=How to Design Programs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_I_Find_You=Until I Find You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_and_Alone=Under and Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_II_(book)=Legends II (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindstar_Rising=Mindstar Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quantum_Murder=A Quantum Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nano_Flower=The Nano Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Fever=Blood Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle_of_the_Sands=The Riddle of the Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Girl=The Italian Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skipping_Towards_Gomorrah=Skipping Towards Gomorrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_This_House_on_Fire=Set This House on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_But_the_Truth_(novel)=Nothing But the Truth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Without_Glory=Power Without Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titus_Groan=Titus Groan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floor_Games=Floor Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_(book)=Legends (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zodiac_(book)=Zodiac (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_End_of_the_Ocean=The Deep End of the Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_S._Mouse=Ralph S. Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasher=Lasher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Family=It Takes a Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Is_in_the_Heart=America Is in the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jill_the_Reckless=Jill the Reckless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Empire:_The_Center_Cannot_Hold=American Empire: The Center Cannot Hold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Star_Called_Henry=A Star Called Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steps_to_an_Ecology_of_Mind=Steps to an Ecology of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Bees=The Secret Life of Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_Traps_and_Pitfalls=C Traps and Pitfalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_of_the_Golden_Pavilion=The Temple of the Golden Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida_Statutes=Florida Statutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_My_Cow%3F=Where's My Cow?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_a_Small_Island=Notes from a Small Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Eye_(book)=The Third Eye (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accelerando=Accelerando
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nylon_Angel=Nylon Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Music_of_Dolphins=The Music of Dolphins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1985_(Anthony_Burgess_novel)=1985 (Anthony Burgess novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bare-faced_Messiah=Bare-faced Messiah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield:_His_9_Lives=Garfield: His 9 Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butcher_Boy_(novel)=The Butcher Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_on_Pluto=Breakfast on Pluto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fable=A Fable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atrocity_Archives=The Atrocity Archives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bart_Simpson's_Guide_to_Life=Bart Simpson's Guide to Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Act_Tragedy=Three Act Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Didn't_They_Ask_Evans%3F=Why Didn't They Ask Evans?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Mesopotamia=Murder in Mesopotamia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_Witness=Dumb Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercule_Poirot's_Christmas=Hercule Poirot's Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kabumpo_in_Oz=Kabumpo in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snapper_(novel)=The Snapper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelot_30K=Camelot 30K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Who_Walked_into_Doors=The Woman Who Walked into Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_with_Scissors_(memoir)=Running with Scissors (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thidwick_the_Big-Hearted_Moose=Thidwick the Big-Hearted Moose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Swim,_Two_Boys=At Swim, Two Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UP_Diksiyonaryong_Filipino=UP Diksiyonaryong Filipino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_on_My_Mind=Annie on My Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_the_Judicial_Process=The Nature of the Judicial Process
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self_(novel)=Self (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_(novel)=The Master (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Domville=Guy Domville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Way_Down=A Long Way Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_South_(novel)=The South (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fath_al-Bari=Fath al-Bari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassins:_A_Radical_Sect_in_Islam=The Assassins: A Radical Sect in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Is_Easy=Murder Is Easy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_in_the_Library=The Body in the Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Michael_(novel)=My Michael (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Benson_Murder_Case=The Benson Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jihad_vs._McWorld=Jihad vs. McWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Murder_Case=The Dragon Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towards_Zero=Towards Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparkling_Cyanide=Sparkling Cyanide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Pyne_Investigates=Parker Pyne Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma'alim_fi_al-Tariq=Ma'alim fi al-Tariq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heather_Blazing=The Heather Blazing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_(Keene_novel)=The Rising (Keene novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_for_Democracy=The Case for Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_and_Slavery_in_the_Middle_East=Race and Slavery in the Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_of_the_Dragon=The Hour of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Nails=Red Nails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quentin_Durward=Quentin Durward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Seven_Suns=The Saga of Seven Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_the_Black_Circle=The People of the Black Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_on_the_Wild_Side=A Walk on the Wild Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindu_Temples:_What_Happened_to_Them=Hindu Temples: What Happened to Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Night=The Story of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascali's_Island_(novel)=Pascali's Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Train=Death of a Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kick_Ass_(book)=Kick Ass (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Like_Jazz=Blue Like Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingshi_Yinyuan_Zhuan=Xingshi Yinyuan Zhuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servant_of_the_Bones=Servant of the Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushiel's_Avatar=Kushiel's Avatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushiel's_Chosen=Kushiel's Chosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vittorio_the_Vampire=Vittorio the Vampire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Alaska=Looking for Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unix_Programming_Environment=The Unix Programming Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandcastle_(novel)=The Sandcastle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trustee_from_the_Toolroom=Trustee from the Toolroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Costello=Elizabeth Costello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inconstant_Moon=Inconstant Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Wood_(novel)=The Enchanted Wood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Castle=The Blue Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_Cat=Eye of Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doorways_in_the_Sand=Doorways in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow's_Fall=Arrow's Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_Madame_Mao=Becoming Madame Mao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Arbat=Children of the Arbat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gruffalo=The Gruffalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closing_Time_(novel)=Closing Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuo_Zhuan=Zuo Zhuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eloise_(books)=Eloise (books)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire's_Assistant=The Vampire's Assistant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_Road=Revolutionary Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Folk_of_the_Fringe=The Folk of the Fringe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_(Suzuki_novel)=Ring (Suzuki novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Best_Life_Now=Your Best Life Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covenant_(novel)=The Covenant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Is_Joe_Merchant%3F=Where Is Joe Merchant?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Comes_as_the_End=Death Comes as the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taken_at_the_Flood=Taken at the Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Murder_Is_Announced=A Murder Is Announced
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_to_Baghdad=They Came to Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_McGinty's_Dead=Mrs McGinty's Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Do_It_with_Mirrors=They Do It with Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pocket_Full_of_Rye=A Pocket Full of Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickory_Dickory_Dock_(novel)=Hickory Dickory Dock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Unknown_(novel)=Destination Unknown (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4.50_from_Paddington=4.50 from Paddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Kissed_Dating_Goodbye=I Kissed Dating Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platform_(novel)=Platform (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Talk_Dirty_and_Influence_People=How to Talk Dirty and Influence People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awkward_Age=The Awkward Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_in_the_Attic=Flowers in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Happiness=Family Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Cross_(book)=The Sign of the Cross (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matchlock_Gun=The Matchlock Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_35th_of_May,_or_Conrad's_Ride_to_the_South_Seas=The 35th of May, or Conrad's Ride to the South Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylark_DuQuesne=Skylark DuQuesne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Female_American=The Female American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Mountain_Zhang=China Mountain Zhang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyteen=Cyteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West_End_Horror=The West End Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpreter_of_Maladies=Interpreter of Maladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persian_Boy=The Persian Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordeal_by_Innocence=Ordeal by Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Among_the_Pigeons=Cat Among the Pigeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pale_Horse=The Pale Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clocks=The Clocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Caribbean_Mystery=A Caribbean Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Third_Girl=Third Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endless_Night=Endless Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passenger_to_Frankfurt=Passenger to Frankfurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_(Christie_novel)=Nemesis (Christie novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postern_of_Fate=Postern of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exultant_(novel)=Exultant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderous_Maths=Murderous Maths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boat_of_a_Million_Years=The Boat of a Million Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadig=Zadig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_Ghost_of_the_Jedi=Galaxy of Fear: Ghost of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excellent_Cadavers=Excellent Cadavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cookie_Monster_(novella)=The Cookie Monster (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Pricking_of_My_Thumbs=By the Pricking of My Thumbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Know-It-All=The Know-It-All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Splinter_Cell:_Operation_Barracuda=Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Operation Barracuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_a_Dog=I Want a Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Here_Now_(book)=Be Here Now (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Garden_of_Iden=In the Garden of Iden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Beyond_the_Gate=The King Beyond the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_C++_Design=Modern C++ Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_Meditation=Passage Meditation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Takes_a_Village=It Takes a Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_101_Ranch=The 101 Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conversations_at_Curlow_Creek=The Conversations at Curlow Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jew_of_Linz=The Jew of Linz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_School_(novel)=Old School (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Icarus_Agenda=The Icarus Agenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Diaries=Nine Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felidae_(novel)=Felidae (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Starship=Lords of the Starship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_in_Revolt=Youth in Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mouse_and_the_Motorcycle=The Mouse and the Motorcycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittgenstein's_Mistress=Wittgenstein's Mistress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Cheetah=Day of the Cheetah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conference_of_the_Birds:_The_Story_of_Peter_Brook_in_Africa=Conference of the Birds: The Story of Peter Brook in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_Notebook=Kangaroo Notebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barracks_Thief=The Barracks Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_the_Arab_Peoples=A History of the Arab Peoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_the_Golden_River=The King of the Golden River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalki_(novel)=Kalki (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilse_Witch=Ilse Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antrax=Antrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgawr=Morgawr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madness_and_Civilization=Madness and Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weetzie_Bat=Weetzie Bat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_Classics=Working Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarrasine=Sarrasine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_and_South_(Gaskell_novel)=North and South (Gaskell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_View_for_Freedom=A View for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_David=I Am David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Life%3F=What Is Life?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_to_Heaven=Cry to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Adventurer=Complete Adventurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Warrior=Complete Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungles_of_Chult=The Jungles of Chult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_We_Choose_Faces=Today We Choose Faces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Job_(novella)=Inside Job (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remake_(novel)=Remake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellwether_(novel)=Bellwether (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Running=Always Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddha_of_Suburbia_(novel)=The Buddha of Suburbia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robber_Bridegroom_(novel)=The Robber Bridegroom (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribulations_of_a_Chinaman_in_China=Tribulations of a Chinaman in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noon:_22nd_Century=Noon: 22nd Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_End_(Sinclair_novel)=World's End (Sinclair novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Instance_of_the_Fingerpost=An Instance of the Fingerpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderful_Fool=Wonderful Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrible_Science=Horrible Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poirot_Investigates=Poirot Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Attempt=Escape Attempt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblower_in_the_West_Indies=Hornblower in the West Indies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Coyote=Sky Coyote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Samurai=The Lone Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honour_Among_Thieves=Honour Among Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Birds=Little Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Rainbow=Far Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Transparent_Blue=Almost Transparent Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendoza_in_Hollywood=Mendoza in Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_of_Morning=The Gates of Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeway_Fighter=Freeway Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_Violets=March Violets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mount_(novel)=The Mount (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Column_and_the_First_Forty-Nine_Stories=The Fifth Column and the First Forty-Nine Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Without_Women_(short_story_collection)=Men Without Women (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_Take_Nothing=Winner Take Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snows_of_Kilimanjaro_(short_story_collection)=The Snows of Kilimanjaro (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_of_Chaos=The Citadel of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Traveller=Starship Traveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Finds_Work=The Devil Finds Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathtrap_Dungeon=Deathtrap Dungeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Intern=Year of the Intern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presentation_of_Self_in_Everyday_Life=The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graveyard_Game=The Graveyard Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_and_the_Yew_Tree=The Rose and the Yew Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strider_(novel)=Strider (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_at_High_Chimneys=Scandal at High Chimneys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Eat_Fried_Worms=How to Eat Fried Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_the_World_to_Come=The Life of the World to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Jerusalem_(Chesterton_book)=The New Jerusalem (Chesterton book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Line=The Shadow Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlowe's_Inferno=Barlowe's Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Namesake=The Namesake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Factor=The Human Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giant's_Bread=Giant's Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absent_in_the_Spring=Absent in the Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Portrait_(novel)=Unfinished Portrait (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Daughter's_a_Daughter=A Daughter's a Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Magicians=Too Many Magicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Divine=Complete Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Samuel_Whiskers_or_The_Roly-Poly_Pudding=The Tale of Samuel Whiskers or The Roly-Poly Pudding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_the_Lizard_King=Island of the Lizard King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ICon:_Steve_Jobs=ICon: Steve Jobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abba_Abba=Abba Abba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jagged_Orbit=The Jagged Orbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_Child=Lucky Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Rumphius=Miss Rumphius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burden=The Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Labours_of_Hercules=The Labours of Hercules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_in_Crime_(short_story_collection)=Partners in Crime (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poirot's_Early_Cases=Poirot's Early Cases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Island_(novella)=Hell Island (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ungoverned=The Ungoverned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_(Baxter_novel)=Ring (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacking:_The_Art_of_Exploitation=Hacking: The Art of Exploitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(Star_Trek)=The Return (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Island_Story=Our Island Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahrah_the_Windseeker=Zahrah the Windseeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Spider_Queen=War of the Spider Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_Park=Bullet Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Thorne=Doctor Thorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redneck_Manifesto_(book)=The Redneck Manifesto (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_a_Cell:_Notes_of_a_Biology_Watcher=The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheep_Look_Up=The Sheep Look Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Worlds_Collide=After Worlds Collide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_to_Be_a_God=Hard to Be a God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_the_Boy=Jim the Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpia_(novel)=Scorpia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Strike=Eagle Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_Gardener=The Constant Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Swords=Sea of Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid_from_Hell=The Kid from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Heidenhoff's_Process=Dr. Heidenhoff's Process
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//AI_buster=.hack//AI buster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//Another_Birth=.hack//Another Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//Zero=.hack//Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wave_(novel)=The Wave (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Wave_(Toffler)=The Third Wave (Toffler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiff_Upper_Lip,_Jeeves=Stiff Upper Lip, Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_(novel)=Avalon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Smile=A Certain Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination:_Morgue!=Destination: Morgue!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Wave_(book)=Crime Wave (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Nocturnes=Hollywood Nocturnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaspar=Kaspar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_You_(novel)=Lucky You (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einstein's_Dreams=Einstein's Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncton_Wood=Duncton Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Dwarf_(novel)=The Black Dwarf (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aquarian_Gospel_of_Jesus_the_Christ=The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibid:_A_Life=Ibid: A Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faggots_(novel)=Faggots (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonnets_to_Orpheus=Sonnets to Orpheus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_in_the_Jungle=The Beast in the Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Pudding=The Magic Pudding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Night=City of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Eve=The Real Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sugar_Busters!=Sugar Busters!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightrunners_of_Bengal=Nightrunners of Bengal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americana_(novel)=Americana (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Samurai_(novel)=The Last Samurai (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Girls=The Country Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Dragon_(novel)=The White Dragon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Vile_Darkness=Book of Vile Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity's_Child=Trinity's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Jones_Street_(novel)=Great Jones Street (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorro_(novel)=Zorro (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Aurora=Killing Aurora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Music_(novel)=Beach Music (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnight_Opus=Goodnight Opus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Ten_Worlds=Tales of Ten Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Time_and_Stars=Of Time and Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motherless_Brooklyn=Motherless Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortress_of_Solitude_(novel)=The Fortress of Solitude (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifold:_Time=Manifold: Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bamboo=The Big Bamboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hours_(novel)=The Hours (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hero_and_the_Crown=The Hero and the Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rain_(novel)=Black Rain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romola=Romola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbot=The Abbot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Europeans=The Europeans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flags_of_Our_Fathers=Flags of Our Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_a_Blue_Dress=Devil in a Blue Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Untertan=Der Untertan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gnome_King_of_Oz=The Gnome King of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liar_(novel)=The Liar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_of_New_Moon=Emily of New Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Mr._Goodbar=Looking for Mr. Goodbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_Way_(book)=Fourth Way (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halsbury's_Statutes=Halsbury's Statutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_(novel)=Women (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Without_Qualities=The Man Without Qualities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Mowgli=Space Mowgli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_That_Corrupted_Hadleyburg=The Man That Corrupted Hadleyburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Defense_of_Internment=In Defense of Internment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_White_Power=Encyclopedia of White Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Caliban_Cove=Resident Evil: Caliban Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Underworld=Resident Evil: Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion:_How_America_Still_Welcomes_Terrorists,_Criminals,_and_Other_Foreign_Menaces_to_Our_Shores=Invasion: How America Still Welcomes Terrorists, Criminals, and Other Foreign Menaces to Our Shores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironside:_A_Modern_Faery's_Tale=Ironside: A Modern Faery's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bringing_Down_the_House_(book)=Bringing Down the House (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_End_of_the_Night=Journey to the End of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_of_Robert_Nifkin=The Education of Robert Nifkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liber_de_Coquina=Liber de Coquina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yobgorgle:_Mystery_Monster_of_Lake_Ontario=Yobgorgle: Mystery Monster of Lake Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Dust=Out of the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shalimar_the_Clown=Shalimar the Clown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Apology_for_the_Life_of_Mrs._Shamela_Andrews=An Apology for the Life of Mrs. Shamela Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister's_Keeper_(novel)=My Sister's Keeper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_the_Laws=The Spirit of the Laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bacta_War_(novel)=The Bacta War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Tree_(Shaun_Tan)=The Red Tree (Shaun Tan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_the_Great_Powers=The Rise and Fall of the Great Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Song=Sunset Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Roderick_Random=The Adventures of Roderick Random
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodbones=Bloodbones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Field_of_Swords=The Field of Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neanderthal_(novel)=Neanderthal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_You_Forgive_Her%3F=Can You Forgive Her?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_High_the_Roof_Beam,_Carpenters_and_Seymour:_An_Introduction=Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters and Seymour: An Introduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_(novel)=The Italian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit,_Run=Rabbit, Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headlong_(Williams_novel)=Headlong (Williams novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_(novel)=The End (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Valor=Stolen Valor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Good_Love=The Book of Good Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptation_of_Saint_Anthony_(Flaubert)=The Temptation of Saint Anthony (Flaubert)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casino_Royale_(novel)=Casino Royale (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredibly_Strange_Films=Incredibly Strange Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_John=Annie John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housekeeping_(novel)=Housekeeping (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Out_of_Time=A World Out of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knees_Up_Mother_Earth=Knees Up Mother Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_of_the_Lost=Legion of the Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_Dreams=The Emperor of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Need_Is_Love=All I Need Is Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_B=The Story of B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Tomorrow's_Parties_(novel)=All Tomorrow's Parties (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrunner's_Fire=Sunrunner's Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Scroll=The Star Scroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_the_Border,_West_of_the_Sun=South of the Border, West of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_the_Cradle_of_Civilization=In Search of the Cradle of Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_America=Hello America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_of_Thieves_(book)=Den of Thieves (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_to_Win=Dying to Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Hostages=The Three Hostages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_Tease_(novel)=Strip Tease (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austerlitz_(novel)=Austerlitz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Vanguard=Star Trek: Vanguard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glove_of_Darth_Vader=The Glove of Darth Vader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Super_Barbarians=The Super Barbarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Conquer_Chaos=To Conquer Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_Comet=Heart of the Comet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Ran_the_Zoo=If I Ran the Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrie's_War=Carrie's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illywhacker=Illywhacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Holes_and_Time_Warps=Black Holes and Time Warps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cowardly_Lion_of_Oz=The Cowardly Lion of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grampa_in_Oz=Grampa in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_King_of_Oz=The Lost King of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hungry_Tiger_of_Oz=The Hungry Tiger of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Horse_of_Oz=The Giant Horse of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Pumpkinhead_of_Oz=Jack Pumpkinhead of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wishing_Horse_of_Oz=The Wishing Horse of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handy_Mandy_in_Oz=Handy Mandy in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Go_Round_in_Oz=Merry Go Round in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Valley_of_Oz=The Hidden Valley of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magical_Mimics_in_Oz=The Magical Mimics in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaggy_Man_of_Oz=The Shaggy Man of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonder_City_of_Oz=The Wonder City of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scalawagons_of_Oz=The Scalawagons of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_in_Weimar:_The_Beloved_Returns=Lotte in Weimar: The Beloved Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ark_Angel=Ark Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Peacock=The White Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Zone=The Killing Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Lucifer=I, Lucifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Drugs,_and_Cocoa_Puffs=Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Guard=The White Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Toyshop=The Magic Toyshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Lottery=Solar Lottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Girl=The Lost Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Closed_Book=A Closed Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fuzzy=Little Fuzzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trespasser_(novel)=The Trespasser (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_Homosexuality_(book)=Greek Homosexuality (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Album_(novel)=Family Album (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heir_of_Sea_and_Fire=Heir of Sea and Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Nose=The Queen's Nose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Human=More Than Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hampdenshire_Wonder=The Hampdenshire Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rings_of_Kether=The Rings of Kether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Prey_(David_Drake_novel)=Birds of Prey (David Drake novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_the_West=The Death of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture_(novel)=Rapture (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_Range:_Wyoming_Stories=Close Range: Wyoming Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysterious_Stranger=Mysterious Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_(Kay_novel)=Phantom (Kay novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Is_Beautiful=Small Is Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Club_Dumas=The Club Dumas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_of_Terror=Temple of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ticket_That_Exploded=The Ticket That Exploded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Option_for_Quebec=An Option for Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poetics_of_Space=The Poetics of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Chimpanzee=The Third Chimpanzee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti-Oedipus=Anti-Oedipus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Expectancy_(novel)=Life Expectancy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy,_or_Ramses_the_Damned=The Mummy, or Ramses the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_White_(novel)=Poor White (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Death_of_Ricardo_Reis=The Year of the Death of Ricardo Reis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Exit=Final Exit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Guineas=Three Guineas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Only_Numbers=The Man Who Loved Only Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bully_for_Brontosaurus=Bully for Brontosaurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladysmith_(novel)=Ladysmith (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_King_of_Scotland=The Last King of Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Away_(play)=Away (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_Force=The Rising Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Rival=The Dark Rival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Past=The Hidden Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wars=The Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envy_(novel)=Envy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amanda_(novel)=Amanda (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Message_in_a_Bottle_(novel)=Message in a Bottle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Flew_Over_the_Cuckoo's_Nest_(novel)=One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trigger=The Trigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_the_Crown=The Mark of the Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defenders_of_the_Dead=The Defenders of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uncertain_Path=The Uncertain Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captive_Temple=The Captive Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_Reckoning_(novel)=The Day of Reckoning (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fight_for_Truth=The Fight for Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shattered_Peace=The Shattered Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Hunter=The Deadly Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Experiment=The Evil Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feather_Boy=Feather Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Categories_for_the_Working_Mathematician=Categories for the Working Mathematician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dersu_Uzala_(book)=Dersu Uzala (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22...And_Ladies_of_the_Club%22="...And Ladies of the Club"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_an_Economic_Hit_Man=Confessions of an Economic Hit Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_Rigby_(novel)=Eleanor Rigby (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Rescue=The Dangerous Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Hope=The Death of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_to_Vengeance=The Call to Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Witness=The Only Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Threat_Within=The Threat Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Thugs=Among the Thugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prestige=The Prestige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odessa_File=The Odessa File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prime_Minister_(novel)=The Prime Minister (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time's_Arrow_(novel)=Time's Arrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flux_(novel)=Flux (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_of_the_Yellow-Breasted_Luddites=Dance of the Yellow-Breasted Luddites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halloween_Tree=The Halloween Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_of_the_Wolves=Julie of the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaway_in_Oz=The Runaway in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scots_Confession=Scots Confession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinball,_1973=Pinball, 1973
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Tribe=The Thirteenth Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pothunters=The Pothunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaka_(novel)=Chaka (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logia_of_Yeshua=The Logia of Yeshua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice-Told_Tales=Twice-Told Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao_of_Jeet_Kune_Do=Tao of Jeet Kune Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston's_War=Winston's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Fish=Rainbow Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memoirs_of_an_Amnesiac=The Memoirs of an Amnesiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Players_(DeLillo_novel)=Players (DeLillo novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Dog_(novel)=Running Dog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Surrender_(novel)=Never Surrender (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Like_You_(collection)=Someone Like You (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_in_the_Mirror=A Stranger in the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abominable_Man=The Abominable Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Streets_of_Ankh-Morpork=The Streets of Ankh-Morpork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Shadows,_White_Whale=Green Shadows, White Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prefect's_Uncle=A Prefect's Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Password_to_Larkspur_Lane=The Password to Larkspur Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Twisted_Candles=The Sign of the Twisted Candles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Ivies=Hidden Ivies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Perilous_Realm=Tales from the Perilous Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_of_Arabia:_The_Authorised_Biography_of_T._E._Lawrence=Lawrence of Arabia: The Authorised Biography of T. E. Lawrence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confidence-Man=The Confidence-Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Road=The End of the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Falling_Angels=The City of Falling Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agony_and_the_Ecstasy_(novel)=The Agony and the Ecstasy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Weeks_in_a_Balloon=Five Weeks in a Balloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Widow's_Broom=The Widow's Broom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Ireland's_Son=The King of Ireland's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_Made_Plain=Language Made Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hungry_Tide=The Hungry Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Imaginary_Life=An Imaginary Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Literature%3F=What Is Literature?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mouthful_of_Air=A Mouthful of Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setting_Free_the_Bears=Setting Free the Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shattered_Chain=The Shattered Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonrise_(Penny_Wolfson_book)=Moonrise (Penny Wolfson book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_to_Hold=To Have and to Hold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Historian=The Historian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rigveda:_A_Historical_Analysis=The Rigveda: A Historical Analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_European_Miracle=The European Miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chrysanthemum_and_the_Sword=The Chrysanthemum and the Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_the_Torturer=The Shadow of the Torturer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citadel_of_the_Autarch=The Citadel of the Autarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Claw_of_the_Conciliator=The Claw of the Conciliator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_the_Lictor=The Sword of the Lictor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_Krupnik=Anastasia Krupnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingerprints_of_the_Gods=Fingerprints of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impossible_Man=The Impossible Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Unexpected_(book)=Tales of the Unexpected (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooking_Up=Hooking Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Quartz=City of Quartz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Short-Timers=The Short-Timers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maestro_(novel)=Maestro (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heritage_(novel)=Heritage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Hippos_Were_Boiled_in_Their_Tanks=And the Hippos Were Boiled in Their Tanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_%22R%22=The Fourth "R"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley's_Miscellany=Bentley's Miscellany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rum_Punch=Rum Punch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Cave=The Crystal Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony_(Rob_Grant_novel)=Colony (Rob Grant novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_Minutes=Eleven Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manual_of_the_Warrior_of_Light=Manual of the Warrior of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilgrimage=The Pilgrimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Tide=The Incredible Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_(fairy_tale)=The Shadow (fairy tale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_and_Dust=Heat and Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indiscreet_Jewels=The Indiscreet Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger's_Profanisaurus=Roger's Profanisaurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Warning_(Lackey_novel)=Storm Warning (Lackey novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarka_Ruus=Jarka Ruus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanequil=Tanequil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straken=Straken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Cloud=The Purple Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebecca_of_Sunnybrook_Farm=Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Popper's_Penguins=Mr. Popper's Penguins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_(book)=Utopia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ingenuity_Gap=The Ingenuity Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_the_Ghost=The Time of the Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Time_City=A Tale of Time City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyful_Noise:_Poems_for_Two_Voices=Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Single_Shard=A Single Shard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bud,_Not_Buddy=Bud, Not Buddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prolegomena_to_Any_Future_Metaphysics=Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_On,_Mr._Bowditch=Carry On, Mr. Bowditch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Longer_at_Ease=No Longer at Ease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Mixed-Up_Files_of_Mrs._Basil_E._Frankweiler=From the Mixed-Up Files of Mrs. Basil E. Frankweiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchant_of_Death=The Merchant of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob_Have_I_Loved=Jacob Have I Loved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_the_Quantum_Cats=The Coming of the Quantum Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_for_Muslim_Minds=The War for Muslim Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journals_(Cobain)=Journals (Cobain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Journey=Italian Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Globe=The Golden Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_Before_Dying_(novel)=A Kiss Before Dying (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despair_(novel)=Despair (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Squadron_(novel)=Rogue Squadron (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kloran=Kloran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Action:_Memoirs_of_an_Urban_Guerrilla=Direct Action: Memoirs of an Urban Guerrilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beetle_in_the_Anthill=Beetle in the Anthill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Case_of_Need=A Case of Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Frigate=The Dark Frigate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitty,_Her_First_Hundred_Years=Hitty, Her First Hundred Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedge's_Gamble=Wedge's Gamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wraith_Squadron=Wraith Squadron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Dogs,_Turquoise_Days=Diamond Dogs, Turquoise Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dress_Your_Family_in_Corduroy_and_Denim=Dress Your Family in Corduroy and Denim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen,_Germany!=Listen, Germany!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Days_(book)=Thirteen Days (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Not_Who_You_Think_I_Am=I'm Not Who You Think I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterless_Mountain=Waterless Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brute_Force:_Cracking_the_Data_Encryption_Standard=Brute Force: Cracking the Data Encryption Standard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asimov's_Mysteries=Asimov's Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cock_and_Bull=Cock and Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zucchini_(novel)=Zucchini (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krytos_Trap=The Krytos Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage_(novel)=Northwest Passage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_Benders=The Mind Benders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaper_(novel)=Reaper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prison_Memoirs_of_an_Anarchist=Prison Memoirs of an Anarchist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainmaker_(novel)=The Rainmaker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Medicine_for_Melancholy=A Medicine for Melancholy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machineries_of_Joy=The Machineries of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Maze_of_Death=A Maze of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parrot's_Theorem=The Parrot's Theorem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator_(novel)=Gladiator (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dead_Man_in_Deptford=A Dead Man in Deptford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Barbarians=Waiting for the Barbarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difference_and_Repetition=Difference and Repetition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Without_a_Country=A Man Without a Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_Voices=Revolutionary Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumpet_City=Strumpet City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_in_the_Wall=The Door in the Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_Progress=A Short History of Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isard's_Revenge=Isard's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Fist_(novel)=Iron Fist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_Command=Solo Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychomech=Psychomech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notable_Last_Facts=Notable Last Facts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poland_(novel)=Poland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Adventure=African Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swords_of_Night_and_Day=The Swords of Night and Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hallowed_Hunt=The Hallowed Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Mahatma=Waiting for the Mahatma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Lake_of_the_Woods=In the Lake of the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Westing_Game=The Westing Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_a_Bull=Shadow of a Bull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch_of_Blackbird_Pond=The Witch of Blackbird Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vintage_Bradbury=The Vintage Bradbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Andes=Secret of the Andes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangladesh:_A_Legacy_of_Blood=Bangladesh: A Legacy of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shen_of_the_Sea=Shen of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_in_Wichita=Nightmare in Wichita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuva_or_Bust!=Tuva or Bust!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Treatise_of_Human_Nature=A Treatise of Human Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg_and_Vietnam=Nuremberg and Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_to_the_Stars=Agent to the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coin_Locker_Babies=Coin Locker Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Deception=The Art of Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesus_Mysteries=The Jesus Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sundial=The Sundial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uniclass=Uniclass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_the_Confederate_Government=The Rise and Fall of the Confederate Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Bad_Deaths=Very Bad Deaths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_March_(novel)=The March (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gadfly=The Gadfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Snapshots=Holiday Snapshots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_and_His_Brothers=Joseph and His Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Loveday=Adam Loveday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ape_and_Essence=Ape and Essence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loveday_Fortunes=The Loveday Fortunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loveday_Trials=The Loveday Trials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Home_and_the_World=The Home and the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Frank_E._Peretti_novel)=Monster (Frank E. Peretti novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Klingon_Hamlet=The Klingon Hamlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_an_American_Farmer=Letters from an American Farmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_a_Long_Journey_(novel)=Such a Long Journey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_Music=Stranger Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Lasts_Forever_(Sheldon_novel)=Nothing Lasts Forever (Sheldon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_Is_Falling_(Sheldon_novel)=The Sky Is Falling (Sheldon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodline_(Sheldon_novel)=Bloodline (Sheldon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Tomorrow_Comes=If Tomorrow Comes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Laid_Plans=The Best Laid Plans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning,_Noon_and_Night_(novel)=Morning, Noon and Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_Saga=Commonwealth Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexikon_der_indogermanischen_Verben=Lexikon der indogermanischen Verben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_Game_(novel)=Master of the Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_(Willis_novel)=Passage (Willis novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Artist=The Body Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gold_Bat=The Gold Bat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_Bride=The Tree Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desirable_Daughters=Desirable Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holder_of_the_World=The Holder of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loveday_Scandals=The Loveday Scandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loveday_Honour=The Loveday Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_the_Wind=Ride the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Patriots=Shadow Patriots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Words:_The_Final_Journals_of_William_S._Burroughs=Last Words: The Final Journals of William S. Burroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Warrior=Ghost Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tithe:_A_Modern_Faerie_Tale=Tithe: A Modern Faerie Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Hills=The Hollow Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hole_in_Texas=A Hole in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifold:_Origin=Manifold: Origin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifold:_Space=Manifold: Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Awful_There_Is=The Best Awful There Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary's_Land=Mary's Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless,_A_Novel_of_Sarah_Bowman=Fearless, A Novel of Sarah Bowman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_in_My_Soul=Walk in My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_a_Distant_Fire=Light a Distant Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interzone_(book)=Interzone (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incest:_From_a_Journal_of_Love=Incest: From a Journal of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doors_of_His_Face,_The_Lamps_of_His_Mouth,_and_Other_Stories=The Doors of His Face, The Lamps of His Mouth, and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loveday_Pride=The Loveday Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_Causes=Unnatural Causes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Winter_Haunting=A Winter Haunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_Cities=Predator Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intelligent_Investor=The Intelligent Investor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoky_the_Cowhorse=Smoky the Cowhorse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobry=Dobry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Alternative=The Devil's Alternative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_the_Screen_Trade=Adventures in the Screen Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shepherd=The Shepherd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Comebacks=No Comebacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gump_and_Co.=Gump and Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exterminator!=Exterminator!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvest_Home_(novel)=Harvest Home (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_(Southern_and_Hoffenberg_novel)=Candy (Southern and Hoffenberg novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russia_House=The Russia House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Street=Magic Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_with_Venus=Appointment with Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_K=The Fourth K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperspace_(book)=Hyperspace (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchism_and_Other_Essays=Anarchism and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_Lionheart=The Brothers Lionheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Blas=Gil Blas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Goose_in_Prose=Mother Goose in Prose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny_Diaries=The Nanny Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_(Waugh_novel)=Helena (Waugh novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_Myth=The Beauty Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alongside_Night=Alongside Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machine_Gunners=The Machine Gunners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Robbers_Came_to_Cardamom_Town=When the Robbers Came to Cardamom Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regency_Buck=Regency Buck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter's_Blades_Trilogy=The Hunter's Blades Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday's_Child_(novel)=Friday's Child (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Republic_Commando:_Hard_Contact=Star Wars Republic Commando: Hard Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cestus_Deception=The Cestus Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveler_(novel)=The Traveler (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Fingers_Talk=Dead Fingers Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behold_the_Man_(novel)=Behold the Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_Dark=Speed of Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Enemy_But_Time=No Enemy But Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Declare=Declare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Never_War=The Never War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_Devices_(Philip_Reeve_novel)=Infernal Devices (Philip Reeve novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperialism_(Hobson)=Imperialism (Hobson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Saints=Port of Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tornado_Alley_(book)=Tornado Alley (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Screaming_Mimi_(novel)=The Screaming Mimi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanic_Rituals=The Satanic Rituals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yage_Letters=The Yage Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Loss=Lord Loss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Words_of_Dutch_Schultz=The Last Words of Dutch Schultz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_the_Cloister=Venus in the Cloister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Equal_Music=An Equal Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_Things=The Meaning of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predator_(novel)=Predator (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkees:_The_Day-by-Day_Story_of_the_60s_TV_Pop_Sensation=The Monkees: The Day-by-Day Story of the 60s TV Pop Sensation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal's_Children=Hannibal's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheel_on_the_School=The Wheel on the School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sur_(novel)=Big Sur (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visions_of_Gerard=Visions of Gerard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Cassidy=Maggie Cassidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Sax=Doctor Sax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satori_in_Paris=Satori in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pic_(novel)=Pic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Pearl=City of Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Electronics=The Art of Electronics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Voyage_to_Arcturus=A Voyage to Arcturus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powers_of_Horror=Powers of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joiner_King=The Joiner King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_at_the_Homesick_Restaurant=Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Philosophy_(Copleston)=A History of Philosophy (Copleston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortunate_Pilgrim=The Fortunate Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_Die=Fools Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sicilian=The Sicilian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mule_for_the_Marquesa=A Mule for the Marquesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Facts_and_Norms=Between Facts and Norms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premalekhanam=Premalekhanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palm-Wine_Drinkard=The Palm-Wine Drinkard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Italian_Secretary=The Italian Secretary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_the_Dark=Dreaming the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_at_War=Never at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atop_an_Underwood:_Early_Stories_and_Other_Writings=Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unseen_Queen=The Unseen Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swarm_War=The Swarm War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerald's_Party=Gerald's Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park_Conservatives=South Park Conservatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Little_Pieces=A Million Little Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_(Star_Wars_novel)=Betrayal (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodlines_(Star_Wars_novel)=Bloodlines (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutankhamun_and_the_Daughter_of_Ra=Tutankhamun and the Daughter of Ra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilead_(novel)=Gilead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wild_Sheep_Chase=A Wild Sheep Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ringworld_Throne=The Ringworld Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ringworld_Engineers=The Ringworld Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Fragments=Philosophical Fragments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concept_of_Anxiety=The Concept of Anxiety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Barrel=The Magic Barrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Great_Mischief=No Great Mischief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Girl=Strawberry Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balyakalasakhi_(novel)=Balyakalasakhi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_of_the_Wicked=The Kingdom of the Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_The_La's=In Search of The La's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poky_Little_Puppy=The Poky Little Puppy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interior_Castle=The Interior Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gub_Gub's_Book=Gub Gub's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_at_School=Claudine at School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Men_in_the_Moon=The First Men in the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Boy_Blue_(novel)=Little Boy Blue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Read_Between_the_Lies=Read Between the Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_and_High_Heaven=Earth and High Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warped_Passages=Warped Passages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Warrior_(book)=Rogue Warrior (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Thief=Demon Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dragon=Mount Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Style=My Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_2042=Moscow 2042
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Fischer_of_Geneva=Doctor Fischer of Geneva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J_R=J R
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Rider:_Travels_on_the_Healing_Road=Ghost Rider: Travels on the Healing Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sceptical_Chymist=The Sceptical Chymist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_Star_(novel)=Polar Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Square_(novel)=Red Square (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Presence_of_Mine_Enemies=In the Presence of Mine Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Thursday=Sweet Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Grass=The Death of Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outbound_Flight=Outbound Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegiance_(novel)=Allegiance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_of_Difference_(novel)=A World of Difference (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Pioneers!=O Pioneers!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hammer_of_God=The Hammer of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor's_Quest=Survivor's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation_Technical_Manual=Star Trek: The Next Generation Technical Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Show_Top_Ten_List=Late Show Top Ten List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_Down_Yonder=A Year Down Yonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maniac_Magee=Maniac Magee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lime_Twig=The Lime Twig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nervous_Conditions=Nervous Conditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Big_Heat=Night of the Big Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warden=The Warden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Nightingale_Floor=Across the Nightingale Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_for_His_Pillow=Grass for His Pillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliance_of_the_Moon=Brilliance of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Up_(book)=Falling Up (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragoncharm=Dragoncharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_(novel)=Deathstalker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_India-Pakistan_Air_War_of_1965=The India-Pakistan Air War of 1965
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junk_(novel)=Junk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Vernon_of_Haddon_Hall=Dorothy Vernon of Haddon Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Master=The Dream Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drums_of_Jeopardy_(novel)=The Drums of Jeopardy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_the_Swans=Summer of the Swans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_(Suzuki_novel)=Spiral (Suzuki novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Against_Death=Life Against Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_of_Shadows=Cast of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Kings_and_Queens_Don't_Wear_Crowns=Why Kings and Queens Don't Wear Crowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beard's_Roman_Women=Beard's Roman Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Mirror_Bay=The Secret of Mirror Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consuelo_(novel)=Consuelo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Fire_Dragon=The Mystery of the Fire Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Z_Was_Zapped=The Z Was Zapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simulacra=The Simulacra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Ulysses_(novel)=HMS Ulysses (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herr_Lehmann=Herr Lehmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Having_Writ...=And Having Writ...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Opera_(novel)=Space Opera (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coelebs_in_Search_of_a_Wife=Coelebs in Search of a Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Ducks_Flying_Backward=Wild Ducks Flying Backward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecce_Homo_(book)=Ecce Homo (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Outnumbered,_Always_Outgunned=Always Outnumbered, Always Outgunned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargate_literature=Stargate literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Quite_the_Diplomat=Not Quite the Diplomat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeno's_Conscience=Zeno's Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowmancer=Shadowmancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homeward_Bounders=The Homeward Bounders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Darkling_Plain=A Darkling Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soddit=The Soddit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Angel=The Stone Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parsifal_Mosaic=The Parsifal Mosaic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mother's_Gift=A Mother's Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_on_the_Couch=Bush on the Couch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice_of_Programming=The Practice of Programming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Red_Line_(novel)=The Thin Red Line (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nor_Crystal_Tears=Nor Crystal Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Harris_Burdick=The Mysteries of Harris Burdick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_of_Doom=The Forest of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Thieves_(gamebook)=City of Thieves (gamebook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saracen=The Saracen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Madman's_Diary=A Madman's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_48_Laws_of_Power=The 48 Laws of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eight_Doctors=The Eight Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Fudge=Double Fudge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevastopol_Sketches=Sevastopol Sketches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Bloodmoney,_or_How_We_Got_Along_After_the_Bomb=Dr. Bloodmoney, or How We Got Along After the Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Nice_Day:_A_Tale_of_Blood_and_Sweatsocks=Have a Nice Day: A Tale of Blood and Sweatsocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley_Is_Good=Foley Is Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Morning=April Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Civil_War:_A_Narrative=The Civil War: A Narrative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyte=Flyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uriel's_Machine=Uriel's Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mio,_My_Son=Mio, My Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Would_Never_Hurt_a_Fly=They Would Never Hurt a Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Nikki_Hill=The Trials of Nikki Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_(novel)=Mary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sunday_(novel)=Black Sunday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Shah's_Men=All the Shah's Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie,_or_the_New_Heloise=Julie, or the New Heloise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_(novel)=The Sea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpion_Swamp=Scorpion Swamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribes_of_Redwall_Badgers=Tribes of Redwall Badgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribes_of_Redwall_Mice=Tribes of Redwall Mice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richest_Man_in_Babylon_(book)=The Richest Man in Babylon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Free=Falling Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_Migration_to_the_North=Season of Migration to the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ysabel=Ysabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkspell=Inkspell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Makers=The Heaven Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Brown_at_Oxford=Tom Brown at Oxford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Science=Vampire Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_the_Ford_Administration=Memories of the Ford Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat's_Pajamas:_Stories=The Cat's Pajamas: Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aradia,_or_the_Gospel_of_the_Witches=Aradia, or the Gospel of the Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Bad_Is_Good_for_You=Everything Bad Is Good for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Broken_Locket=The Clue of the Broken Locket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hop_on_Pop=Hop on Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies,_A_Love_Story=Enemies, A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_of_the_Light=Dying of the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortunes_of_Nigel=The Fortunes of Nigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passing_Time_in_the_Loo=Passing Time in the Loo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Man=The First Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Center_of_Winter=The Center of Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locus_Solus=Locus Solus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galatea_2.2=Galatea 2.2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Duck=Peter Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_National_Formulary_for_Children=British National Formulary for Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_and_the_Pop_Narcotic=Rock and the Pop Narcotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caverns_of_the_Snow_Witch=Caverns of the Snow Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Hell=House of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rats_Saw_God=Rats Saw God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reality_Bug=The Reality Bug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Road=Off the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_of_the_Woosters=The Code of the Woosters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_(novel)=Nicolae (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Kids,_No_Pets=Ten Kids, No Pets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fate_Is_the_Hunter=Fate Is the Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Century_Family_Money_Book=The New Century Family Money Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airborn=Airborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizard_(short_stories)=Lizard (short stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Assassin=Space Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hippopotamus=The Hippopotamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_to_Rainy_Mountain=The Way to Rainy Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zweites_Buch=Zweites Buch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Redwall_Winter's_Tale=A Redwall Winter's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Economic_Interpretation_of_the_Constitution_of_the_United_States=An Economic Interpretation of the Constitution of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Mr._Nicholas_Wisdom=The Adventures of Mr. Nicholas Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Temperature_(novel)=Room Temperature (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Man=Slow Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Tasting_Tea=The Lady Tasting Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Graveyard_for_Lunatics=A Graveyard for Lunatics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misty_of_Chincoteague=Misty of Chincoteague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Estate_(novel)=The Fourth Estate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_the_Pussyfoot=The Age of the Pussyfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Design_of_Cities=Design of Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penultimate_Peril=The Penultimate Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Mistress=The Silver Mistress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Frog=Under the Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Rivers=Between the Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pickup=The Pickup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_Serpent=The Heart of the Serpent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Despereaux=The Tale of Despereaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_(novel)=The Eagle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormy_Weather_(novel)=Stormy Weather (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seek:_Reports_from_the_Edges_of_America_&_Beyond=Seek: Reports from the Edges of America & Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fitzpatrick's_War=Fitzpatrick's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Ballantrae=The Master of Ballantrae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Jake=Looking for Jake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_an_Ugly_Stepsister=Confessions of an Ugly Stepsister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Justice=A Certain Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_a_Super-Tramp=The Autobiography of a Super-Tramp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Augie_March=The Adventures of Augie March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak,_Memory=Speak, Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Second=Fast Second
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veniss_Underground=Veniss Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Joe=Call Me Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Named=The Named
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_God_We_Trust:_All_Others_Pay_Cash=In God We Trust: All Others Pay Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Apollo=Beyond Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_(Yasunari_Kawabata_novel)=The Lake (Yasunari Kawabata novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Chased_Away_Sorrow=The Girl Who Chased Away Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusions_perdues=Illusions perdues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocheworld=Rocheworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickenhawk_(book)=Chickenhawk (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metallica:_This_Monster_Lives=Metallica: This Monster Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_Creation=The Day of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_of_the_Peaceful_Warrior=Way of the Peaceful Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Mile=Mystery Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_with_the_Night=West with the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlas_of_the_Land=The Atlas of the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who%3F_(novel)=Who? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ode_Less_Travelled=The Ode Less Travelled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Objects=Strange Objects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strawberry_Statement=The Strawberry Statement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Sidewalk_Ends_(book)=Where the Sidewalk Ends (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_and_Mouse_(novella)=Cat and Mouse (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_on_Hysteria=Studies on Hysteria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crown_of_Dalemark=The Crown of Dalemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath,_Eyes,_Memory=Breath, Eyes, Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rifles_for_Watie=Rifles for Watie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Twain's_(Burlesque)_Autobiography_and_First_Romance=Mark Twain's (Burlesque) Autobiography and First Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_&_Ellen=Edgar & Ellen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Junes=Three Junes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Labyrinth=The Magic Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Agent_of_Terra=Secret Agent of Terra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Empire=Tales from the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminism_and_Nationalism_in_the_Third_World=Feminism and Nationalism in the Third World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vietnamese_Gulag=The Vietnamese Gulag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_of_Riverworld=Gods of Riverworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Telling=The Telling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_and_Life_of_Great_American_Cities=The Death and Life of Great American Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Martin_(novel)=Daniel Martin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie's_Baby=Annie's Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alphabet_of_Manliness=The Alphabet of Manliness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Colors=Forbidden Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game:_Penetrating_the_Secret_Society_of_Pickup_Artists=The Game: Penetrating the Secret Society of Pickup Artists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceberg_(Cussler_novel)=Iceberg (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ivory_Trail=The Ivory Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Memory_of_Light=A Memory of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aspern_Papers=The Aspern Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magyk=Magyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streams_of_Silver=Streams of Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halfling's_Gem=The Halfling's Gem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Shard=The Crystal Shard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bee_Season=Bee Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Short_Fiction_of_C._J._Cherryh=The Collected Short Fiction of C. J. Cherryh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidence_Men=Confidence Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michelle_Remembers=Michelle Remembers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossus_(novel)=Colossus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blubber_(novel)=Blubber (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_God_Pan=The Great God Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Legibus=De Legibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malone_Dies=Malone Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpio_Illusion=The Scorpio Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dozen_Tough_Jobs=A Dozen Tough Jobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Follows=Blood Follows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confidential_Agent=The Confidential Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisingr=Brisingr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Attack_of_the_Talking_Toilets=Captain Underpants and the Attack of the Talking Toilets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Invasion_of_the_Incredibly_Naughty_Cafeteria_Ladies_from_Outer_Space_(and_the_Subsequent_Assault_of_the_Equally_Evil_Lunchroom_Zombie_Nerds)=Captain Underpants and the Invasion of the Incredibly Naughty Cafeteria Ladies from Outer Space (and the Subsequent Assault of the Equally Evil Lunchroom Zombie Nerds)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Perilous_Plot_of_Professor_Poopypants=Captain Underpants and the Perilous Plot of Professor Poopypants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Wrath_of_the_Wicked_Wedgie_Woman=Captain Underpants and the Wrath of the Wicked Wedgie Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Big,_Bad_Battle_of_the_Bionic_Booger_Boy=Captain Underpants and the Big, Bad Battle of the Bionic Booger Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiff:_The_Curious_Lives_of_Human_Cadavers=Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarantine_(Jim_Crace_novel)=Quarantine (Jim Crace novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galax-Arena=Galax-Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hill_of_Dreams=The Hill of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoenoffer=Zoenoffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_Economics=Butterfly Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_Freak_(book)=Word Freak (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyhood_(novel)=Boyhood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Henry_Esmond=The History of Henry Esmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibong_Adarna=Ibong Adarna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlander_(novel)=Outlander (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zia_(novel)=Zia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Heroes_and_Tombs=On Heroes and Tombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimms'_Fairy_Tales=Grimms' Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moneypenny_Diaries:_Guardian_Angel=The Moneypenny Diaries: Guardian Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romulus,_My_Father=Romulus, My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juiced:_Wild_Times,_Rampant_'Roids,_Smash_Hits_&_How_Baseball_Got_Big=Juiced: Wild Times, Rampant 'Roids, Smash Hits & How Baseball Got Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheep-Pig=The Sheep-Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Capture_the_Castle=I Capture the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojan_Odyssey=Trojan Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_(book)=Wired (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Genius_Failed=When Genius Failed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Stilts=The King's Stilts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Lady_Godivas=The Seven Lady Godivas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McElligot's_Pool=McElligot's Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrambled_Eggs_Super!=Scrambled Eggs Super!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_and_the_Oobleck=Bartholomew and the Oobleck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Ran_the_Circus=If I Ran the Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Birthday_to_You!=Happy Birthday to You!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Seuss's_Sleep_Book=Dr. Seuss's Sleep Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Had_Trouble_in_Getting_to_Solla_Sollew=I Had Trouble in Getting to Solla Sollew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Me_and_Other_Stuff=The Shape of Me and Other Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_I_Ever_Tell_You_How_Lucky_You_Are%3F=Did I Ever Tell You How Lucky You Are?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_the_Thinks_You_Can_Think!=Oh, the Thinks You Can Think!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat's_Quizzer=The Cat's Quizzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Can_Read_with_My_Eyes_Shut!=I Can Read with My Eyes Shut!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Say_Can_You_Say%3F=Oh Say Can You Say?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Only_Old_Once!=You're Only Old Once!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy-Head_Mayzie=Daisy-Head Mayzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counterplot=The Counterplot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auschwitz_and_After=Auschwitz and After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wandering_Jew_(novel)=The Wandering Jew (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerland_(novel)=Summerland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_Within_(novel)=The Beast Within (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai!=Samurai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whispering_Statue=The Whispering Statue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Mervyn=Arthur Mervyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Paradise_Drive=On Paradise Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felix_Holt,_the_Radical=Felix Holt, the Radical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryor_Convictions=Pryor Convictions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Lie_Did_I_Tell%3F=Which Lie Did I Tell?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Game_(novel)=War Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herland_(novel)=Herland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_It_Sleep=Call It Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogsong=Dogsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Vendita=Alta Vendita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_(with_Jokes)=The Truth (with Jokes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corner:_A_Year_in_the_Life_of_an_Inner-City_Neighborhood=The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Around_a_Star=Wall Around a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crime_at_Black_Dudley=The Crime at Black Dudley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saga_of_Cuckoo=Saga of Cuckoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summa_Theologica=Summa Theologica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doc_Savage:_His_Apocalyptic_Life=Doc Savage: His Apocalyptic Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellaluna=Stellaluna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merlin_Conspiracy=The Merlin Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambler_Warning=The Ambler Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apocalypse_Watch=The Apocalypse Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janson_Directive=The Janson Directive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_We_Were_Orphans=When We Were Orphans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hover_Car_Racer=Hover Car Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Educated_Mind=The Educated Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_African_(essay)=The African (essay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brightonomicon=The Brightonomicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangover_Square=Hangover Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnels_of_Blood=Tunnels of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Confessions_of_Charlotte_Doyle=The True Confessions of Charlotte Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathilukal=Mathilukal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Direct_Descent=Direct Descent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stones_of_Venice_(book)=The Stones of Venice (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aquitaine_Progression=The Aquitaine Progression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_and_the_Mirror_of_Nature=Philosophy and the Mirror of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richter_10=Richter 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_of_My_Enemy=The Enemy of My Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roots_of_Coincidence=The Roots of Coincidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy's_Tale=Tommy's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kandy-Kolored_Tangerine-Flake_Streamline_Baby=The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsider_(Wright_novel)=The Outsider (Wright novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_(Goldman_novel)=Brothers (Goldman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castles_Made_of_Sand_(novel)=Castles Made of Sand (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowl_(novel)=Cowl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_of_Triumph_(novel)=Arch of Triumph (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Flanimals=More Flanimals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Fine_Myth=Another Fine Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cancer_Ward=Cancer Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Curtain_of_Green=A Curtain of Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tolkien_Reader=The Tolkien Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_His_Steps=In His Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Edelweiss=Black Edelweiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_and_Toad=Frog and Toad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molon_Labe!_(book)=Molon Labe! (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Lamp=Midnight Lamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Succession_to_Muhammad=The Succession to Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Gypsys_(novel)=Band of Gypsys (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Nowhere=The Big Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarhead_(book)=Jarhead (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Texts=The Secret Texts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chosen_(Pinto_novel)=The Chosen (Pinto novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Standing_Dead=The Standing Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(Libby_novel)=The Apprentice (Libby novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Old-Fashioned_Girl=An Old-Fashioned Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargirl_(novel)=Stargirl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Times_Atlas_of_World_History=The Times Atlas of World History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Lives:_Twenty_Years_in_a_Desert_Jail=Stolen Lives: Twenty Years in a Desert Jail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fattypuffs_and_Thinifers=Fattypuffs and Thinifers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invitation_to_a_Beheading=Invitation to a Beheading
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustinus_(Jansenist_book)=Augustinus (Jansenist book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_(novel)=Julian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_(Wallace_novel)=The Man (Wallace novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Upbringing=A Question of Upbringing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil!=Oil!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(novel)=Tempest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_in_the_Sky_(novel)=Eye in the Sky (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amulet_of_Samarkand=The Amulet of Samarkand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Planet_for_the_President=A Planet for the President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phenomenology_of_Perception=Phenomenology of Perception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dispatches_(book)=Dispatches (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Number_Devil=The Number Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tourist_Guide_to_Lancre=A Tourist Guide to Lancre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_the_End_of_the_World=It's Not the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Possible_Argument_in_Support_of_a_Demonstration_of_the_Existence_of_God=The Only Possible Argument in Support of a Demonstration of the Existence of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity_Dreams=Gravity Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Adventures_of_Santa_Claus=The Life and Adventures of Santa Claus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Phillis's_Cabin=Aunt Phillis's Cabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_Sparks=The People of Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spellcoats=The Spellcoats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossfire_(novel)=Crossfire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totem_and_Taboo=Totem and Taboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lud-in-the-Mist=Lud-in-the-Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Projects,_White_Knights=Black Projects, White Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Are_We_to_Live%3F=How Are We to Live?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_the_Saracens=The History of the Saracens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_Is_Watching=A Stranger Is Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Memory_of_Murder=A Memory of Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nitrogen_Fix=The Nitrogen Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Planet_(novel)=Rogue Planet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darth_Maul:_Shadow_Hunter=Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Realms_Atlas=The Forgotten Realms Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Technicolor_Time_Machine=The Technicolor Time Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Company_of_Heroes=In the Company of Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_of_Zagor=Legend of Zagor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monument_(novel)=Monument (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Education_(novel)=Higher Education (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chessmen_of_Mars=The Chessmen of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varjak_Paw=Varjak Paw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Inglesant=John Inglesant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Redux=Rabbit Redux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Society_(novel)=High Society (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santorini_(novel)=Santorini (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_(Curley_novel)=The Dark (Curley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unlimited_Power=Unlimited Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rediscovery_of_Man=The Rediscovery of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Ship_(novel)=The Last Ship (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deer_and_the_Cauldron=The Deer and the Cauldron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Ancient_Wonders=Seven Ancient Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemy's_Gate=Ptolemy's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golem's_Eye=The Golem's Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Mist=The Land of Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Salesman_in_the_World=The Greatest Salesman in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_the_Lioness=Daughter of the Lioness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandingo_(novel)=Mandingo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saved_by_the_Light=Saved by the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Families_Are_Psychotic=All Families Are Psychotic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Springs_(book)=Rock Springs (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expanded_Universe_(Heinlein)=Expanded Universe (Heinlein)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scapegoat_(novel)=The Scapegoat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Wizards=Market Wizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Country_for_Old_Men=No Country for Old Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trials_of_Death=Trials of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inquisition:_The_Persecution_and_Prosecution_of_the_Reverend_Sun_Myung_Moon=Inquisition: The Persecution and Prosecution of the Reverend Sun Myung Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Revolution=The Long Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Harvest=Soul Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassins_(LaHaye_novel)=Assassins (LaHaye novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indwelling=The Indwelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remnant_(novel)=The Remnant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_(novel)=The Mark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorious_Appearing=Glorious Appearing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_(novel)=Armageddon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_(LaHaye_novel)=The Rising (LaHaye novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rapture_(novel)=The Rapture (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterland_(novel)=Waterland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saffron_Swastika=The Saffron Swastika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangling_Man=Dangling Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_the_Old_Breed=With the Old Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deceiver_(novel)=The Deceiver (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Spring_Fragrance=Mrs. Spring Fragrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Security_Analysis_(book)=Security Analysis (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victim_(novel)=The Victim (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_or_Die=Double or Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Pageant=The American Pageant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Diamonds=The Truth About Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calcutta_Quran_Petition=The Calcutta Quran Petition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Islamic_Imperialism_in_India=The Story of Islamic Imperialism in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseanna_(novel)=Roseanna (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_According_to_Clarkson=The World According to Clarkson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Castle=The Enchanted Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Chaos_(novel)=Operation Chaos (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Nation_(novel)=Monster Nation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Island_(Wellington_novel)=Monster Island (Wellington novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_Mews=Murder in the Mews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_the_Company=The Children of the Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raag_Darbari_(novel)=Raag Darbari (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_cuisine_en_dix_minutes=La cuisine en dix minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majma_al-Zawa'id=Majma al-Zawa'id
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawing_Blood=Drawing Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burial_at_Thebes=The Burial at Thebes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtue_of_Selfishness=The Virtue of Selfishness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Nights_of_Dreams=Ten Nights of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myron_(novel)=Myron (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad:_A_Biography_of_the_Prophet=Muhammad: A Biography of the Prophet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart's_Hope=Hart's Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taran_Wanderer=Taran Wanderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Llyr=The Castle of Llyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_an_Ex-Colored_Man=The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Sleep=Hot Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysteries_of_Udolpho=The Mysteries of Udolpho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_Manhattan=The Phantom of Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fairy_Tale_of_New_York=A Fairy Tale of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Break_with_Charity=A Break with Charity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_a_Thousand_Trees_with_Ribbons=Hang a Thousand Trees with Ribbons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_People=The Secret People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bible_Unearthed=The Bible Unearthed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Civilization=Beyond Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race:_The_Reality_of_Human_Difference=Race: The Reality of Human Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fax_from_Sarajevo=Fax from Sarajevo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter's_Moon=Hunter's Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Eternity=River of Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_Man:_A_Technical_Manual_for_Independent_Contractors=Hit Man: A Technical Manual for Independent Contractors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_Wears_No_Clothes=The Emperor Wears No Clothes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Straight_Mind_and_Other_Essays=The Straight Mind and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Easter=Black Easter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin's_Radio=Darwin's Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glimpse_of_Tiger=A Glimpse of Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Magical_Thinking=The Year of Magical Thinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_Mind_of_Mars=The Master Mind of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ylesia_(novel)=Ylesia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_Ice=Pushing Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamiani=Gamiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Silver_Lands=Tales from Silver Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thimble_Summer=Thimble Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recognitions=The Recognitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark_Night's_Passing=A Dark Night's Passing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Sunday_(book)=Palm Sunday (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fates_Worse_Than_Death=Fates Worse Than Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Moon=Lost Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robur_the_Conqueror=Robur the Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planter's_Northern_Bride=The Planter's Northern Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canary_in_a_Cathouse=Canary in a Cathouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_(Rice_novel)=Belinda (Rice novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deenie=Deenie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dweller_on_Two_Planets=A Dweller on Two Planets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_a_Concrete_Music=In Search of a Concrete Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_with_Wilbur_Robinson=A Day with Wilbur Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Went_Up_in_Smoke=The Man Who Went Up in Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_the_Family,_Private_Property_and_the_State=The Origin of the Family, Private Property and the State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Three=The Book of Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auriol_(novel)=Auriol (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JPod=JPod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon_Blue_Book=Oregon Blue Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Foul's_Bane=Lord Foul's Bane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hamlet=The Hamlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow-Petushki=Moscow-Petushki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Narcissism=On Narcissism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Complicated_Kindness=A Complicated Kindness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_Dancer=The Slave Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Labour_and_the_London_Poor=London Labour and the London Poor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kydd_(novel)=Kydd (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/News_of_a_Kidnapping=News of a Kidnapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_of_Mistresses=Mistress of Mistresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fish_Dinner_in_Memison=A Fish Dinner in Memison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mezentian_Gate=The Mezentian Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kailashey_Kelenkari_(novel)=Kailashey Kelenkari (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathbird_Stories=Deathbird Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daggerspell=Daggerspell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moses_and_Monotheism=Moses and Monotheism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligeia=Ligeia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Back_(book)=Looking Back (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rats_of_Hamelin=The Rats of Hamelin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Point_Someone=Five Point Someone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_in_the_Morgue=The Lady in the Morgue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Man_(novel)=The Tenth Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Honour=A Matter of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flush_(novel)=Flush (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_at_Sunset=Sword at Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Branch_(Sutcliff_novel)=The Silver Branch (Sutcliff novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rivers_of_Zadaa=The Rivers of Zadaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonchild_(novel)=Moonchild (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wright_3=The Wright 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Really_Need_to_Know_I_Learned_in_Kindergarten=All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor,_the_Banker,_and_the_Suicide_King=The Professor, the Banker, and the Suicide King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_It_Courage=Call It Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1491:_New_Revelations_of_the_Americas_Before_Columbus=1491: New Revelations of the Americas Before Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Family=His Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Han_Solo_Adventures=The Han Solo Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Han_Solo_Trilogy=The Han Solo Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voss_(novel)=Voss (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Variable_Star=Variable Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Shadows=Lord of the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alto_Wore_Tweed=The Alto Wore Tweed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirt_Music=Dirt Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_on_Bird_Street=The Island on Bird Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brief_and_Frightening_Reign_of_Phil=The Brief and Frightening Reign of Phil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Last_Man_(Jeff_Shaara_novel)=To the Last Man (Jeff Shaara novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryptid_Hunters=Cryptid Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowned_Wednesday=Drowned Wednesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook's_Apprentice=The Spook's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_(Johnson_novel)=Ice (Johnson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ferguson_Rifle=The Ferguson Rifle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_of_Karres=The Witches of Karres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_Zen=Hardcore Zen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Followed_Ripley=The Boy Who Followed Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway_Across_the_Galaxy_and_Turn_Left=Halfway Across the Galaxy and Turn Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_All_Costs=At All Costs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_Bearer=The Light Bearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damnation_of_Theron_Ware=The Damnation of Theron Ware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Basselope=The Last Basselope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanuman_Chalisa=Hanuman Chalisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_&_George=Arthur & George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Friday=Lady Friday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shame_of_the_Cities=The Shame of the Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_the_Balcony=The Man on the Balcony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Probe!=Night Probe!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonquest=Dragonquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Weyrs_of_Pern=All the Weyrs of Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Dorking=The Battle of Dorking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travels_of_Jaimie_McPheeters=The Travels of Jaimie McPheeters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Realm_of_Possibility=The Realm of Possibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Wyoming_(novel)=Miss Wyoming (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinderseele=Kinderseele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Believe_What_You_Like=Believe What You Like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hazard_of_New_Fortunes=A Hazard of New Fortunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Promises_in_the_Wind=No Promises in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Tower=Burning Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldtown_Folks=Oldtown Folks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warday=Warday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_an_Illusion=The Future of an Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Elements_of_Architecture=The Four Elements of Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Solitude=The Invention of Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Lord:_The_Rise_of_Darth_Vader=Dark Lord: The Rise of Darth Vader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon:_A_Different_View=Grand Canyon: A Different View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Border_Legion=The Border Legion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signal_to_Noise_(novel)=Signal to Noise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yacoubian_Building=The Yacoubian Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malta_Spitfire=Malta Spitfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Jin=Book of Jin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prentice_Alvin=Prentice Alvin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_of_the_Bushveld=Jock of the Bushveld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assistant_(novel)=The Assistant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiral_Dance=The Spiral Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_to_Berlin=Goodbye to Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berlin_Stories=The Berlin Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Peeve_(novel)=Pet Peeve (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientologie,_Wissenschaft_von_der_Beschaffenheit_und_der_Tauglichkeit_des_Wissens=Scientologie, Wissenschaft von der Beschaffenheit und der Tauglichkeit des Wissens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Soldiers_(novel)=Dog Soldiers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Notebook=The Golden Notebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Havoc=Sharpe's Havoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juneteenth_(novel)=Juneteenth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Flora's_Family=Mama Flora's Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmark_(novel)=Westmark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Man_(Carr_novel)=The Hollow Man (Carr novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston_de_Blondeville=Gaston de Blondeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_(novel)=Money (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Children=The Man Who Loved Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_It_as_It_Lays=Play It as It Lays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sot-Weed_Factor=The Sot-Weed Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sportswriter=The Sportswriter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ant_Bully=The Ant Bully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_and_Face_of_Contemporary_Spiritualism=Mask and Face of Contemporary Spiritualism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sintesi_di_Dottrina_della_Razza=Sintesi di Dottrina della Razza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rally_Cry=Rally Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simoqin_Prophecies=The Simoqin Prophecies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manticore's_Secret=The Manticore's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_Stained_with_Royal_Blood=Sword Stained with Royal Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Or_Give_Me_Death=Or Give Me Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamaica_Inn_(novel)=Jamaica Inn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orientamenti=Orientamenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rene_Guenon:_A_Teacher_for_Modern_Times=Rene Guenon: A Teacher for Modern Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Aspects_of_the_Jewish_Problem=Three Aspects of the Jewish Problem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawning_Light=The Dawning Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_My_German_Soldier=Summer of My German Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Darth_Bane:_Path_of_Destruction=Star Wars: Darth Bane: Path of Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Word_Child=A Word Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operating_Manual_for_Spaceship_Earth=Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_god_but_God:_The_Origins,_Evolution,_and_Future_of_Islam=No god but God: The Origins, Evolution, and Future of Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Solution_(novel)=The Final Solution (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werewolves_in_Their_Youth=Werewolves in Their Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Degrees_Below=Fifty Degrees Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyboys:_A_True_Story_of_Courage=Flyboys: A True Story of Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courage_to_Heal=The Courage to Heal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Fate=Life and Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unearthed_Arcana=Unearthed Arcana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Weather_(Wodehouse_novel)=Heavy Weather (Wodehouse novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Many_a_Summer=After Many a Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W,_or_the_Memory_of_Childhood=W, or the Memory of Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_Rizka=Gypsy Rizka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifty_Year_Sword=The Fifty Year Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_Eagles=Flight of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nasty_Story=A Nasty Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kestrel=The Kestrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiery_Cross_(novel)=The Fiery Cross (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Breath_of_Snow_and_Ashes=A Breath of Snow and Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_the_Jedi=Legacy of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Approaching_Storm=The Approaching Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epistulae_morales_ad_Lucilium=Epistulae morales ad Lucilium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tramp_Abroad=A Tramp Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_Jedi=Secrets of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Scene=The American Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plowing_the_Dark=Plowing the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares_in_the_Sky=Nightmares in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Watch=Dark Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Strange_Manuscript_Found_in_a_Copper_Cylinder=A Strange Manuscript Found in a Copper Cylinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laughing_Policeman_(novel)=The Laughing Policeman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Term=Autumn Term
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marlows_and_the_Traitor=The Marlows and the Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falconer's_Lure=Falconer's Lure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Leibowitz_and_the_Wild_Horse_Woman=Saint Leibowitz and the Wild Horse Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_Term=End of Term
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restraint_of_Beasts=The Restraint of Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcendent_(novel)=Transcendent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispin:_The_Cross_of_Lead=Crispin: The Cross of Lead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_of_Hurt=A World of Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onslaught_(novel)=Onslaught (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulf_Run=Gulf Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Experiment_in_Criticism=An Experiment in Criticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Quest=Star Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_Providence=Outside Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_in_America=Mad in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_War_in_England_in_1897=The Great War in England in 1897
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusions_(Bach_novel)=Illusions (Bach novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hermaphrodite=The Hermaphrodite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_World_(novel)=Master of the World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipps=Kipps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Forests_of_the_Night=In the Forests of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel's_Island=Abel's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_It_Girl_(novel)=The It Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatooine_Ghost=Tatooine Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pharmer's_Almanac=The Pharmer's Almanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phish_Companion=The Phish Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mint_(book)=The Mint (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Park=Mansfield Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(novel)=Sahara (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Desire=The World's Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chthon_(novel)=Chthon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Weirdness_by_Mail=High Weirdness by Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_for_the_Saint=Vendetta for the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Del=Return to Del
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maze_of_the_Beast=The Maze of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_the_Lost=The Valley of the Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunger_(Hamsun_novel)=Hunger (Hamsun novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Government:_Governance_of_the_Jurist=Islamic Government: Governance of the Jurist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedi_Apprentice:_Deceptions=Jedi Apprentice: Deceptions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roderick_Hudson=Roderick Hudson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Our_War=The Year of Our War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Present_Like_Time=No Present Like Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howards_End=Howards End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molloy_(novel)=Molloy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unnamable_(novel)=The Unnamable (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kempton-Wace_Letters=The Kempton-Wace Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changing_Land=The Changing Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shadow_on_the_Glass=A Shadow on the Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Tiger=Sharpe's Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Triumph=Sharpe's Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Fortress=Sharpe's Fortress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Prey=Sharpe's Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Rifles_(novel)=Sharpe's Rifles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Trafalgar=Sharpe's Trafalgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Eagle_(novel)=Sharpe's Eagle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_(novel)=The American (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stories_of_Ray_Bradbury=The Stories of Ray Bradbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Unearthly_Delights=The Garden of Unearthly Delights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Chocolate_Bunnies_of_the_Apocalypse=The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_of_Chiswick=The Witches of Chiswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Horse_Coming=Pale Horse Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Road=Tara Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Square_(novel)=Washington Square (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rally_Point_(novel)=Rally Point (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Tour_in_France=A Little Tour in France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_and_the_Starcatchers=Peter and the Starcatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lungbarrow=Lungbarrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_the_Pest=Ramona the Pest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Crown=Lucy Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Laysen=Lost Laysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Casamassima=The Princess Casamassima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bostonians=The Bostonians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reefer_Madness_(1979_book)=Reefer Madness (1979 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reefer_Madness_(2003_book)=Reefer Madness (2003 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstone_Chronicles=Blackstone Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_for_the_Money_(novel)=One for the Money (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_to_Get_Deadly=Three to Get Deadly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Dough=Two for the Dough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Mouth_of_the_Cat=Into the Mouth of the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tain_(novella)=The Tain (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Diaries=The Star Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancestor_Cell=The Ancestor Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obasan=Obasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incendiary_(novel)=Incendiary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dogs=Black Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Not_Now,_When%3F_(novel)=If Not Now, When? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragic_Muse=The Tragic Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esperanza_Rising=Esperanza Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayne_Inheritance=The Mayne Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Are_We%3F_The_Challenges_to_America's_National_Identity=Who Are We? The Challenges to America's National Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Active_Liberty=Active Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universal_Baseball_Association,_Inc.,_J._Henry_Waugh,_Prop.=The Universal Baseball Association, Inc., J. Henry Waugh, Prop.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah's_Gift:_Lessons_from_a_Life_Fully_Lived=Hannah's Gift: Lessons from a Life Fully Lived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disaster_Area=The Disaster Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shrouded_Planet=The Shrouded Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoils_of_Poynton=The Spoils of Poynton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Light_of_the_Sun=The Last Light of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Geography_of_Nowhere=The Geography of Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabella_(novel)=Arabella (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Sophy=The Grand Sophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundling_(novel)=The Foundling (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprig_Muslin=Sprig Muslin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvester,_or_the_Wicked_Uncle=Sylvester, or the Wicked Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_Tangle=Bath Tangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powder_and_Patch=Powder and Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masqueraders=The Masqueraders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauvallet=Beauvallet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dante_Club=The Dante Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Legs_and_All_(novel)=Skinny Legs and All (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Language:_Fact_and_Fantasy=The Chinese Language: Fact and Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aline_and_Valcour=Aline and Valcour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Reach=Heaven's Reach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Maisie_Knew=What Maisie Knew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Motion_Picture_(novel)=Star Trek: The Motion Picture (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Horatius=Mission to Horatius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_(novel)=Chesapeake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sketch_Book_of_Geoffrey_Crayon,_Gent.=The Sketch Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_(novel)=Paradise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Fox=Shadow Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladder_of_Years=Ladder of Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Ray=The Green Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chander_Pahar=Chander Pahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Negotiator_(novel)=The Negotiator (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HaJaBaRaLa=HaJaBaRaLa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abol_Tabol=Abol Tabol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spock_Must_Die!=Spock Must Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Cage=In the Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changing_Planes=Changing Planes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orin_Starn=Orin Starn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_Scotia:_New_Scottish_Speculative_Fiction=Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feast_of_All_Saints_(novel)=The Feast of All Saints (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_This_Place=Beyond This Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spock,_Messiah!=Spock, Messiah!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Judgment=Planet of Judgment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gridiron_(novel)=Gridiron (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Sword=The Blue Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arming_America=Arming America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Ambersons=The Magnificent Ambersons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_of_Two_Cities=A Tale of Two Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_Truth=Plain Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jar_City=Jar City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_of_the_Grave=Silence of the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hacker_Crackdown=The Hacker Crackdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacred_Fount=The Sacred Fount
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinner_(novel)=Thinner (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Famished_Road=The Famished Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Breaks_Out=Peace Breaks Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stages_on_Life's_Way=Stages on Life's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivekachudamani=Vivekachudamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazail-e-Amaal=Fazail-e-Amaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Digital=Being Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appointment_with_F.E.A.R.=Appointment with F.E.A.R.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sassinak=Sassinak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummer_Hoff=Drummer Hoff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2150_AD=2150 AD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_(novel)=Victoria (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud,_Castle,_Lake=Cloud, Castle, Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_from_the_Grand_Banks=The Ghost from the Grand Banks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elantris=Elantris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Capone_Does_My_Shirts=Al Capone Does My Shirts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon's_Pearl=The Dragon's Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_a_Sad_Hermaphrodite=Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Hours=English Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_Condon=Linda Condon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badenheim_1939=Badenheim 1939
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Following_the_Equator=Following the Equator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Plan=London Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamut_series=Alamut series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocaine:_An_Unauthorized_Biography=Cocaine: An Unauthorized Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_in_the_Dock=God in the Dock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creation_(novel)=Creation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Gold=Hurricane Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_and_Ward=Watch and Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confidence_(novel)=Confidence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Lasts_Forever_(Thorp_novel)=Nothing Lasts Forever (Thorp novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concluding_Unscientific_Postscript_to_Philosophical_Fragments=Concluding Unscientific Postscript to Philosophical Fragments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killobyte=Killobyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_on_Ice_(book)=Holidays on Ice (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Elginbrod=David Elginbrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Back_of_the_North_Wind=At the Back of the North Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_and_Crooked_Thinking=Straight and Crooked Thinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunts_Aren't_Gentlemen=Aunts Aren't Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_(novel)=Mike (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psmith_in_the_City=Psmith in the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psmith,_Journalist=Psmith, Journalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mansion_(novel)=The Mansion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orientalism_(book)=Orientalism (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reverberator=The Reverberator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_House=The Other House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_(Bukowski_novel)=Hollywood (Bukowski novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_Dance_Dance_(novel)=Dance Dance Dance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clovis_Dardentor=Clovis Dardentor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Riders,_Raging_Bulls=Easy Riders, Raging Bulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head_of_Kay's=The Head of Kay's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Among_the_Chickens=Love Among the Chickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_the_Rose=The Miracle of the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_International_Gay_Guide=Spartacus International Gay Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversations_in_Sicily=Conversations in Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_Betty=The Prince and Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Beyond_the_Map=Land Beyond the Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outcry=The Outcry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle_of_Nemesis=Cycle of Nemesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_the_Penguin=Death and the Penguin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teacher_Man=Teacher Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parafaith_War=The Parafaith War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_the_Lord:_Out_of_Egypt=Christ the Lord: Out of Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riceyman_Steps=Riceyman Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ivory_Tower=The Ivory Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sense_of_the_Past=The Sense of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellefleur=Bellefleur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_with_Fire=Touched with Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Fools_(Russo_novel)=Ship of Fools (Russo novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swoop!=The Swoop!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gentleman_of_Leisure=A Gentleman of Leisure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Algorithms=Introduction to Algorithms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Nugget=The Little Nugget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccadilly_Jim=Piccadilly Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violin_(novel)=Violin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Kimble=Mrs. Kimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lorax=The Lorax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heart_of_the_Sea=In the Heart of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazilian_Adventure=Brazilian Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyebela,_My_Bengali_Girlhood=Meyebela, My Bengali Girlhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan!=Vulcan!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Hours=Italian Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Outrun_Doomsday=To Outrun Doomsday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strega_Nona=Strega Nona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hound_of_Death=The Hound of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bounce_(novel)=The Big Bounce (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Mos_Eisley_Cantina=Tales from the Mos Eisley Cantina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Bounty_Hunters=Tales of the Bounty Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_New_Republic=Tales from the New Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Jabba's_Palace=Tales from Jabba's Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_to_Scorpio=Transit to Scorpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balthasar's_Odyssey=Balthasar's Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robot_Visions=Robot Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Poets_and_Novelists=French Poets and Novelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_(book)=Hawthorne (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PopCo=PopCo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gene_Wolfe's_Book_of_Days=Gene Wolfe's Book of Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lighthouse_(James_novel)=The Lighthouse (James novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DisneyWar=DisneyWar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsider_(Colin_Wilson)=The Outsider (Colin Wilson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfits:_A_Study_of_Sexual_Outsiders=The Misfits: A Study of Sexual Outsiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partial_Portraits=Partial Portraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essays_in_London_and_Elsewhere=Essays in London and Elsewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knives_in_the_Night=Knives in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daughter_of_Time=The Daughter of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crocodile_on_the_Sandbank=Crocodile on the Sandbank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyttelton/Hart-Davis_Letters=Lyttelton/Hart-Davis Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Alyx=The Adventures of Alyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_on_Novelists=Notes on Novelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Boy_and_Others=A Small Boy and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_Place=A Summer Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Fire=Out of the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rock_and_a_Hard_Place=A Rock and a Hard Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashfire_(novel)=Flashfire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dans_l'enfer_des_tournantes=Dans l'enfer des tournantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggarman,_Thief=Beggarman, Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_of_Fire=School of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Gauntlet=Steel Gauntlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangfire=Hangfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom's_Fury=Kingdom's Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Last_of_the_Jedi=Star Wars: The Last of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedi_Trial=Jedi Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_of_a_Son_and_Brother=Notes of a Son and Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Middle_Years_(book)=The Middle Years (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_and_Tot_of_Merryland=Dot and Tot of Merryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_of_Survival=Science of Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillar_of_Fire_(novel)=Pillar of Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lives_(non-fiction)=Two Lives (non-fiction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_in_Classic_American_Literature=Studies in Classic American Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Tent=The Red Tent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leap=The Leap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Fire=Buried Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooth_and_Claw_(novel)=Tooth and Claw (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gatekeeper_(Buffy_novel_series)=The Gatekeeper (Buffy novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchid_Thief=The Orchid Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Want_of_a_Nail_(novel)=For Want of a Nail (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds=Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_(novel)=Cell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisey's_Story=Lisey's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Essay_on_the_Principle_of_Population=An Essay on the Principle of Population
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_No._1_Ladies'_Detective_Agency_(novel)=The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Nine_to_Nine=From Nine to Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jihad:_The_Trail_of_Political_Islam=Jihad: The Trail of Political Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_Love_Like_a_Porn_Star=How to Make Love Like a Porn Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spud_(novel)=Spud (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Wetmore_Story_and_His_Friends=William Wetmore Story and His Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_(novel)=John Henry (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_and_Text=Picture and Text
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honorary_Consul=The Honorary Consul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Smith:_Rough_Stone_Rolling=Joseph Smith: Rough Stone Rolling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mormon_Enigma=Mormon Enigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_O._McKay_and_the_Rise_of_Modern_Mormonism=David O. McKay and the Rise of Modern Mormonism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_the_Mulvaneys=We Were the Mulvaneys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_This_Much_Is_True=I Know This Much Is True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_quake=After the quake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_Again,_Maybe_I_Won't=Then Again, Maybe I Won't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_of_a_Native_Son=Notes of a Native Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannery_Row_(novel)=Cannery Row (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Occult:_A_History=The Occult: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seedling_(novel)=Seedling (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guard_of_Honor_(novel)=Guard of Honor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episodes_of_the_Cuban_Revolutionary_War=Episodes of the Cuban Revolutionary War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_Kama=Garden of Kama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Names=All the Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concrete_Mathematics=Concrete Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Privileged_Planet=The Privileged Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonstorm=Dragonstorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonflame=Dragonflame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_and_Sky=Stone and Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_and_Sea=Stone and Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_and_Sun=Stone and Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Alice_(novel)=Black Alice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_Christopher_Chant=The Lives of Christopher Chant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Alice_in_the_Old_Wonderland=A New Alice in the Old Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Water_for_Chocolate=Like Water for Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greyspace=Greyspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbows_End=Rainbows End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack's_Return_Home=Jack's Return Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time's_Arrow,_Time's_Cycle=Time's Arrow, Time's Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Island_(Buffy/Angel_novel)=Monster Island (Buffy/Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unseen_(Buffy/Angel_novel)=Unseen (Buffy/Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Crows=Seven Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(Buffy/Angel_novel)=Heat (Buffy/Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_and_Dru:_Pretty_Maids_All_in_a_Row=Spike and Dru: Pretty Maids All in a Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_Rain=Halloween Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyote_Moon=Coyote Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Survived_My_Summer_Vacation=How I Survived My Summer Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blooded=Blooded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paleo_(Buffy_novel)=Paleo (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_the_Hunt=Child of the Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_That_Men_Do_(Buffy_novel)=The Evil That Men Do (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_of_the_Father_(Buffy_novel)=Sins of the Father (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Deck=Doomsday Deck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Evil_(Buffy_novel)=Prime Evil (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortal_(Buffy_novel)=Immortal (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_Persuasion=Power of Persuasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenant_(Buffy_novel)=Revenant (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrecting_Ravana=Resurrecting Ravana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Chaos=Return to Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visitors_(Buffy_novel)=Visitors (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_Selection_(Buffy_novel)=Unnatural Selection (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Water_(Buffy_novel)=Deep Water (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsidian_Fate=Obsidian Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Be_Monsters_(Buffy_novel)=Here Be Monsters (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Fours=The Book of Fours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oz:_Into_the_Wild=Oz: Into the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempted_Champions=Tempted Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Things_(novel)=Little Things (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossings_(Buffy_novel)=Crossings (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Sixteen_(Buffy_novel)=Sweet Sixteen (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Our_Actors=These Our Actors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Slayer=The Lost Slayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom_of_War=Wisdom of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_Memories=Apocalypse Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Fear=Mortal Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_of_Feeling=The Man of Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Stop_(novel)=Non-Stop (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Starlight_Barking=The Starlight Barking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penultimate_Truth=The Penultimate Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Virtuous_Woman=A Virtuous Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_in_Ordinary_Time=Songs in Ordinary Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rapture_of_Canaan=The Rapture of Canaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_a_Woman=The Heart of a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_Come_Undone=She's Come Undone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Heart_Is_(novel)=Where the Heart Is (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwives_(novel)=Midwives (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Looks_Like_Crazy_on_an_Ordinary_Day=What Looks Like Crazy on an Ordinary Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_Blue_(Quindlen_novel)=Black and Blue (Quindlen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_on_Earth_(novel)=Here on Earth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Map_of_the_World=A Map of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinegar_Hill_(novel)=Vinegar Hill (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_of_Pearl_(novel)=Mother of Pearl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewel_(novel)=Jewel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_Ruth=Drowning Ruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_I_Was_Gone=While I Was Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Roads_(novel)=Back Roads (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icy_Sparks=Icy Sparks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gap_Creek=Gap Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_Fortune=Daughter of Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Ruth_(novel)=The Book of Ruth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witching_Hour_(novel)=The Witching Hour (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_United=Voices United
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalon_High=Avalon High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aquariums_of_Pyongyang=The Aquariums of Pyongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Train_to_Lo_Wu=The Train to Lo Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hounds_of_the_Morrigan=The Hounds of the Morrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoughts_on_the_True_Estimation_of_Living_Forces=Thoughts on the True Estimation of Living Forces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moab_Is_My_Washpot=Moab Is My Washpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandela:_The_Authorised_Biography=Mandela: The Authorised Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_a_Chambermaid_(novel)=The Diary of a Chambermaid (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwater_(novelette)=Blackwater (novelette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Kings=The Death of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamut_(Bartol_novel)=Alamut (Bartol novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glas_(book)=Glas (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Want_to_Be_a_Wizard=So You Want to Be a Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monks_of_Thelema=The Monks of Thelema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Manager=The Night Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_the_Iron_People=A Woman of the Iron People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Men_Are_Mortal=All Men Are Mortal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Miss_Prym=The Devil and Miss Prym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_on_a_Comet=Off on a Comet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uneasy_Money=Uneasy Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_Bill=The Coming of Bill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Damsel_in_Distress_(novel)=A Damsel in Distress (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Accidental_Cowboy=An Accidental Cowboy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smartbomb:_The_Quest_for_Art,_Entertainment,_and_Big_Bucks_in_the_Videogame_Revolution=Smartbomb: The Quest for Art, Entertainment, and Big Bucks in the Videogame Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti-Semite_and_Jew=Anti-Semite and Jew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metaphysics_of_Morals=The Metaphysics of Morals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concepts,_Techniques,_and_Models_of_Computer_Programming=Concepts, Techniques, and Models of Computer Programming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry_Adventures_of_Robin_Hood=The Merry Adventures of Robin Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark_(novel)=Stark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S,M,L,XL=S,M,L,XL
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spherical_Harmonic=Spherical Harmonic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion,_the_Fox_&_the_Eagle=The Lion, the Fox & the Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Bits_of_Wood=God's Bits of Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Henry=Green Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Yourself_to_Live:_85%25_of_a_True_Story=Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrinth_(novel)=Labyrinth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deviant_Strain=The Deviant Strain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Human_(Doctor_Who)=Only Human (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_the_Dark_Crystal=The World of the Dark Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achieving_Our_Country=Achieving Our Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Salty_Piece_of_Land=A Salty Piece of Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Building_Harlequin's_Moon=Building Harlequin's Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_Three_(novel)=Power of Three (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_This_Book=Eat This Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha's_Story=Natasha's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traces_(book)=Traces (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylark_Three=Skylark Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_Venus=Pirates of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Venus=The Wizard of Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_on_Venus=Escape on Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_on_Venus=Lost on Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars'_Tennis_Balls=The Stars' Tennis Balls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Slayers=Queen of the Slayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_and_Burn=Spark and Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_Me_in_Mind_(novel)=Keep Me in Mind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suicide_King=The Suicide King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cursed_(Buffy/Angel_novel)=Cursed (Buffy/Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Lord_of_Derkholm=Dark Lord of Derkholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Wizardry=Deep Wizardry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balderdash_and_Piffle=Balderdash and Piffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Wizardry=High Wizardry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McTeague=McTeague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wizard_Abroad=A Wizard Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Bride=The Princess Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_House=The Green House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artist's_Handbook_of_Materials_and_Techniques=The Artist's Handbook of Materials and Techniques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penelopiad=The Penelopiad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Consciousness=Understanding Consciousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dogs_of_War_(novel)=The Dogs of War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Most_Dangerous_Places=The World's Most Dangerous Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard's_Dilemma=The Wizard's Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wizard_Alone=A Wizard Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard's_Holiday=Wizard's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_estudiante_de_Salamanca=El estudiante de Salamanca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Tom's_Children=Uncle Tom's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrara_Bible=Ferrara Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Gold_(novel)=Sharpe's Gold (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_Man:_The_Final_Days_of_John_Lennon=Nowhere Man: The Final Days of John Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_and_the_Dirty_Cop=Mr. Monk and the Dirty Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ashram=The Ashram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenger_(novel)=Avenger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Harp=The Grass Harp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Little_Wolves_and_the_Big_Bad_Pig=The Three Little Wolves and the Big Bad Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_from_the_Gathering_Storm=Voices from the Gathering Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Revolutions=Only Revolutions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norstrilia=Norstrilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sensuous_Woman=The Sensuous Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Battle_(novel)=Sharpe's Battle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Fifth=The King's Fifth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Nun=Requiem for a Nun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunes_for_Bears_to_Dance_To=Tunes for Bears to Dance To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_of_Rome=The Gates of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_of_War=The Gods of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Train_to_Pakistan=Train to Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_Is_the_Fruit=Blessed Is the Fruit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Goes_to_Hawaii=Mr. Monk Goes to Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlatti_Inheritance=The Scarlatti Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln:_A_Photobiography=Lincoln: A Photobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fate_Totally_Worse_than_Death=A Fate Totally Worse than Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_West=The Way West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Midnight=Absolute Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Fog=Blood and Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Image=After Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnival_of_Souls_(Buffy_novel)=Carnival of Souls (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony_(Buffy_novel)=Colony (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_(novel)=Night Train (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(Buffy_novel)=Blackout (Buffy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates!_In_an_Adventure_with_Scientists=The Pirates! In an Adventure with Scientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates!_in_an_Adventure_with_Whaling=The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_of_Comarre_and_Against_the_Fall_of_Night=The Lion of Comarre and Against the Fall of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dying_Days=The Dying Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_War,_Inc.=Holy War, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Trouble_(novel)=Big Trouble (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_OpenBSD=Absolute OpenBSD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_(novel)=Wizard (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_(novel)=Demon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wayward_Bus=The Wayward Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gun_for_Sale=A Gun for Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Ultimate_Truths=The Book of Ultimate Truths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitalism:_The_Unknown_Ideal=Capitalism: The Unknown Ideal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs_Don't_Tell_Jokes=Dogs Don't Tell Jokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banco_(novel)=Banco (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Night_(Angel_novel)=The Longest Night (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G._(novel)=G. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Vertigo=Mr. Vertigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decipher_(novel)=Decipher (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four-Dimensional_Nightmare=The Four-Dimensional Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Night_for_Dying=A Fine Night for Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Runner=Midnight Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Flesh=Live Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fatal_Inversion=A Fatal Inversion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sirian_Experiments=The Sirian Experiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriages_Between_Zones_Three,_Four_and_Five=The Marriages Between Zones Three, Four and Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_the_Representative_for_Planet_8=The Making of the Representative for Planet 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentimental_Agents_in_the_Volyen_Empire=The Sentimental Agents in the Volyen Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Dancing_Master=The Return of the Dancing Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidetracked_(novel)=Sidetracked (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eros_and_Civilization=Eros and Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Little_Acre=God's Little Acre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typhoon_(novel)=Typhoon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Doon_with_Death=From Doon with Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_&_Times_of_Michael_K=Life & Times of Michael K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Market_Wizards=The New Market Wizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perilous_Gard=The Perilous Gard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grendel_(novel)=Grendel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puckoon=Puckoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Warning_(Higgins_novel)=Storm Warning (Higgins novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Dust_(novel)=Children of the Dust (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Wild_(novella)=Running Wild (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overloaded_Man=The Overloaded Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Fever=War Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemy_(novel)=Alchemy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_in_Tears=End in Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mem_and_Zin=Mem and Zin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_1914=August 1914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dying_Animal=The Dying Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxana:_The_Fortunate_Mistress=Roxana: The Fortunate Mistress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_to_Score=Four to Score
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Five_(novel)=High Five (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Six=Hot Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Eight_(novel)=Hard Eight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Nines_(novel)=To the Nines (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Big_Ones=Ten Big Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_on_Top=Eleven on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radetzky_March_(novel)=Radetzky March (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One,_No_One_and_One_Hundred_Thousand=One, No One and One Hundred Thousand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_Everything=The Meaning of Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Left_My_Sneakers_in_Dimension_X=I Left My Sneakers in Dimension X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_Snout=The Search for Snout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_Stole_My_Body=Aliens Stole My Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseman,_Pass_By=Horseman, Pass By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Shoes_(fairy_tale)=The Red Shoes (fairy tale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Structural_Transformation_of_the_Public_Sphere=The Structural Transformation of the Public Sphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_State:_A_Guide_to_the_World's_Only_Superpower=Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Esclusa=L'Esclusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Other_Eden_(novel)=This Other Eden (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_and_Eve_and_Pinch_Me_(Rendell_novel)=Adam and Eve and Pinch Me (Rendell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Centuries_of_Spanish_Literature=Five Centuries of Spanish Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_(novel)=Gateway (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon's_Shadow=The Moon's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascendant_Sun=Ascendant Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silkworm=The Silkworm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_(book)=Cosmos (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quantum_Rose=The Quantum Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Redbird=Chasing Redbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_from_Saturday=The View from Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dust_Diaries=The Dust Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getaway_(novel)=The Getaway (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_May=Missing May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trumpeter_of_Krakow=The Trumpeter of Krakow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monk_Swimming=A Monk Swimming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grave_Talent=A Grave Talent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Bunny_Suicides=Return of the Bunny Suicides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_(novel)=Tokyo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treatment_(novel)=The Treatment (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdman_(novel)=Birdman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Corridor=The Black Corridor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meg:_A_Novel_of_Deep_Terror=Meg: A Novel of Deep Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh,_Play_That_Thing=Oh, Play That Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Walls_of_the_World=Up the Walls of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_China_Study=The China Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulls_of_Europe,_Asia_and_North_America=Gulls of Europe, Asia and North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retribution_(novel)=Retribution (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_Normal_Chaos=Absolutely Normal Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Automata_Theory,_Languages,_and_Computation=Introduction to Automata Theory, Languages, and Computation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Songs=1001 Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasana_Vamsa=Sasana Vamsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Shift_(book)=The Late Shift (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamboul_Train=Stamboul Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Shelter=Out of the Shelter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_News=Paradise News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Therapy_(Lodge_novel)=Therapy (Lodge novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Truths_(novella)=Home Truths (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Marriages=Many Marriages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delusions_of_Grandma=Delusions of Grandma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_George_Washington=Not George Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gojiro=Gojiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_House_(novel)=Open House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Criss_Cross_(novel)=Criss Cross (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coral_Island=The Coral Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Night_@_the_Call_Center=One Night @ the Call Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flivver_King=The Flivver King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owd_Bob=Owd Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_the_Wind=The Shadow of the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolphe=Adolphe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanoni=Zanoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow,_the_Stars=Tomorrow, the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genghis_Khan_and_the_Making_of_the_Modern_World=Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super-Toys_Last_All_Summer_Long=Super-Toys Last All Summer Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamsnake=Dreamsnake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Ptavvs=World of Ptavvs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel_Potter=Israel Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latham_Diaries=The Latham Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Gravity_Fails=When Gravity Fails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialite_Evenings=Socialite Evenings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worthing_Chronicle=The Worthing Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worthing_Saga=The Worthing Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_the_Line=Up the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice,_I_Think_(novel)=Alice, I Think (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freckle_Juice=Freckle Juice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Asleep_in_Frog_Pajamas=Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_as_Gold_(novel)=Good as Gold (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollslayer=Trollslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jade_Peony=The Jade Peony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engine_Summer=Engine Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speedpost_(book)=Speedpost (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Dressler:_The_Tale_of_an_American_Dreamer=Martin Dressler: The Tale of an American Dreamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Times_on_the_Mississippi=Old Times on the Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_the_Conqueror=Bill the Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_the_Sudden=Sam the Sudden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Serve_Them_All_My_Days=To Serve Them All My Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Teeth_(novel)=Dragon's Teeth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Burial=Sky Burial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Settling_Accounts:_The_Grapple=Settling Accounts: The Grapple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politics_of_Individualism=The Politics of Individualism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Globalization_of_World_Politics=The Globalization of World Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Company=Sharpe's Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_Hall_of_Shame=The Hollywood Hall of Shame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictionary_of_Occupational_Titles=Dictionary of Occupational Titles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turn_(novel)=The Turn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastering_the_Art_of_Solution-Focused_Counseling=Mastering the Art of Solution-Focused Counseling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Preposterous_Plight_of_the_Purple_Potty_People=Captain Underpants and the Preposterous Plight of the Purple Potty People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_Dreams=Canal Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sand_County_Almanac=A Sand County Almanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_of_Stone=A Song of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Now_or_Never!=It's Now or Never!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laugh%3F_I_Nearly_Went_to_Miami!=Laugh? I Nearly Went to Miami!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Holiday_(novel)=Winter Holiday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damaged_Goods_(Davies_novel)=Damaged Goods (Davies novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endemic_Bird_Areas_of_the_World:_Priorities_for_Biodiversity_Conservation=Endemic Bird Areas of the World: Priorities for Biodiversity Conservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Rides=Rural Rides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Gone=Summer Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Regatta_Mystery=The Regatta Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancers_in_Mourning=Dancers in Mourning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_for_the_Judge=Flowers for the Judge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Passionate_Pilgrim=A Passionate Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Names_(novel)=The Names (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Utmost_for_His_Highest=My Utmost for His Highest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_She_Climbed_Across_the_Table=As She Climbed Across the Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Darwinian_Left=A Darwinian Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusklands=Dusklands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nargun_and_the_Stars=The Nargun and the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_regenta=La regenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Morel=The Invention of Morel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacques_the_Fatalist=Jacques the Fatalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1776_(book)=1776 (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_(book)=Animal (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them_Bones_(novel)=Them Bones (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Species=Savage Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostwalk=Ghostwalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_No_Evil_(book)=See No Evil (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Monday=Mister Monday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dying_Earth=The Dying Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Good,_Jeeves=Very Good, Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Areas_of_My_Expertise=The Areas of My Expertise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stolen_Bacillus_and_Other_Incidents=The Stolen Bacillus and Other Incidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You,_Jeeves=Thank You, Jeeves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyes_of_the_Overworld=The Eyes of the Overworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Has_No_Limits=Hell Has No Limits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Specter_Is_Haunting_Texas=A Specter Is Haunting Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phallos_(novella)=Phallos (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_at_the_Circus=Nights at the Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrimage_to_Hell=Pilgrimage to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wall_(short_stories)=The Wall (short stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treason_by_the_Book=Treason by the Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_By_Sunset=Dead By Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Violence:_Opposing_Viewpoints_(2003)=Sexual Violence: Opposing Viewpoints (2003)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayom_Yom=Hayom Yom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character_Is_Destiny=Character Is Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etidorhpa=Etidorhpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Foot=The Big Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_of_the_Shadow_King=The Revenge of the Shadow King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Visions=Dark Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Incognito=Villa Incognito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intercourse_(book)=Intercourse (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Headless_Cupid=The Headless Cupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Fred_in_the_Springtime=Uncle Fred in the Springtime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rape_of_the_Fair_Country=Rape of the Fair Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchild_in_the_Promised_Land=Manchild in the Promised Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_War:_Killing_Time_in_Iraq=My War: Killing Time in Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Creek_Crossing=Black Creek Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_London_Life=A London Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern%3F=Great Northern?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_My_Life=Living My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Man_(novel)=The Fifth Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Pleasure_Principle=Beyond the Pleasure Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen_(Olson_and_Ingermanson_novel)=Oxygen (Olson and Ingermanson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenants_of_Moonbloom=The Tenants of Moonbloom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inexcusable=Inexcusable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Angelo=Albert Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_My_Teacher_Told_Me=Lies My Teacher Told Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(novel)=The Face (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbors_(novel)=Neighbors (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baden-Powell_(book)=Baden-Powell (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine_of_the_Dreamers=Wine of the Dreamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_War=Hitler's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galahad_at_Blandings=Galahad at Blandings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Mother_Normal=House Mother Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lexicon_of_Comicana=The Lexicon of Comicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Star=Empire Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_Enemy_Number_Two=Public Enemy Number Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Extraordinary_Adventures_of_Private_Ivan_Chonkin=The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleaxe_(novel)=Battleaxe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ashes_of_Eden=The Ashes of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grim_Tuesday=Grim Tuesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Moon_(novel)=Full Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Coffee_(novel)=Black Coffee (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onion_John=Onion John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sky_at_Morning_(Bradford_novel)=Red Sky at Morning (Bradford novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_Look_Down=The Stars Look Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_in_the_Morning_(Smith_novel)=Joy in the Morning (Smith novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joy_in_the_Morning_(Wodehouse_novel)=Joy in the Morning (Wodehouse novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Murder_(Beatrix_Christian_play)=Blue Murder (Beatrix Christian play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunwing=Sunwing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Forgotten_(Angel_novel)=Not Forgotten (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_the_Ground=Close to the Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Trade=Soul Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_(Angel_novel)=Redemption (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakedown_(Angel_novel)=Shakedown (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Noir=Hollywood Noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avatar_(Angel_novel)=Avatar (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_to_Eternity_(novel)=From Here to Eternity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Room=The Winter Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tristan_Betrayal=The Tristan Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//AI_buster_2=.hack//AI buster 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Files_of_the_Time_Rangers=From the Files of the Time Rangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Altar_of_the_Dead=The Altar of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mating_Season_(novel)=The Mating Season (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruja_(novel)=Bruja (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summoned=The Summoned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_(Angel_novel)=Image (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_(Angel_novel)=Haunted (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_(novel)=Vengeance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_to_the_Sun=Stranger to the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endangered_Species_(novel)=Endangered Species (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impressions_(Angel_novel)=Impressions (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(Angel_novel)=Fearless (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(Angel_novel)=Sanctuary (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Mirror_(Angel_novel)=Dark Mirror (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solitary_Man_(Angel_novel)=Solitary Man (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_(Angel_novel)=Nemesis (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monolith_(Angel_novel)=Monolith (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Death_(Angel_novel)=Love and Death (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_the_Dead_(Angel_novel)=Book of the Dead (Angel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_and_the_Lady=The Law and the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghoul_Trouble=Ghoul Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satan_Bug_(novel)=The Satan Bug (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defense=The Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallowdale=Swallowdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Run=A Time to Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Sixty_Fathers=The House of Sixty Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turning_Point_(book)=The Turning Point (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Sunderland=Alice in Sunderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlord_of_the_Air=Warlord of the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_That_Time_Forgot_(novel)=The Land That Time Forgot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Natural_History_and_Theory_of_Heaven=Universal Natural History and Theory of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closed_Circle:_An_Interpretation_of_the_Arabs=The Closed Circle: An Interpretation of the Arabs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese:_The_Spoken_Language=Japanese: The Spoken Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barabbas_(novel)=Barabbas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_This_Is_a_Man=If This Is a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maps_in_a_Mirror=Maps in a Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wives_of_Bath=The Wives of Bath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_War=The River War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Princesses_of_Bamarre=The Two Princesses of Bamarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Czar's_Madman=The Czar's Madman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Be_Dragons=Here Be Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Fair=The Nightmare Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_There_Be_Dragons=Here There Be Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here,_There_Be_Dragons=Here, There Be Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushiel's_Scion=Kushiel's Scion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushiel's_Justice=Kushiel's Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_in_History=The City in History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midwife's_Apprentice=The Midwife's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prathapa_Mudaliar_Charithram=Prathapa Mudaliar Charithram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_of_the_Gentry=Home of the Gentry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fingersmith_(novel)=Fingersmith (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spheres_of_Justice=Spheres of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Lib/Dream_Machines=Computer Lib/Dream Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirque_du_Freak=Cirque du Freak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bec_(novel)=Bec (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_at_Andau=The Bridge at Andau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Sword_(novel)=Sharpe's Sword (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludmila's_Broken_English=Ludmila's Broken English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ear,_the_Eye_and_the_Arm=The Ear, the Eye and the Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nurture_Assumption=The Nurture Assumption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Providence:_The_Story_of_a_Fifty-Year_Vision_Quest=Providence: The Story of a Fifty-Year Vision Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_on_Film_(novel)=Girls on Film (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_Ambition_(novel)=Blonde Ambition (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertine_disparue=Albertine disparue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Cool_One_(novel)=Tall Cool One (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_Black_(novel)=Back in Black (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Short_Reign_of_Pippin_IV=The Short Reign of Pippin IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silverado_Squatters=The Silverado Squatters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_from_Tomorrow=Return from Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishings=The Vanishings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_&_Players=Gentlemen & Players
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Do_Is_Secret_(novel)=What We Do Is Secret (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Royal_Command=By Royal Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Harvest_(novel)=The Ice Harvest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_from_Heaven=Fire from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qadiani_Problem=Qadiani Problem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_the_Mountain=The Sound of the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_Madness=Lords of Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Hearts_Were_Young_and_Gay=Our Hearts Were Young and Gay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patriotic_Traitors=The Patriotic Traitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loser_(novel)=Loser (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whortle's_Hope=Whortle's Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosy_Crucifixion=The Rosy Crucifixion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Bookshop=The Haunted Bookshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_and_Sadness_(novel)=Beauty and Sadness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadja_(novel)=Nadja (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Hitler=The Hidden Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmy_in_Wonderland=Barmy in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palace_of_Heavenly_Pleasure=The Palace of Heavenly Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_in_the_Door=The Eye in the Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigs_Have_Wings=Pigs Have Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embrace_(novel)=Embrace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(Kuzmin_novel)=Wings (Kuzmin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smell_of_Apples=The Smell of Apples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigeon_Post=Pigeon Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robota=Robota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_MacDonald:_The_Irving_Stone_Letters=Jeanette MacDonald: The Irving Stone Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeanette_MacDonald_Autobiography=Jeanette MacDonald Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Eddy:_The_Opera_Years=Nelson Eddy: The Opera Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweethearts:_The_Timeless_Love_Affair_Onscreen_and_Off_Between_Jeanette_MacDonald_and_Nelson_Eddy=Sweethearts: The Timeless Love Affair Onscreen and Off Between Jeanette MacDonald and Nelson Eddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosary_(novel)=The Rosary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peculiar_Chris=Peculiar Chris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeeves_and_the_Feudal_Spirit=Jeeves and the Feudal Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allies_of_the_Night=Allies of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courtship_of_Princess_Leia=The Courtship of Princess Leia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Gryphon=The Black Gryphon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousand_Cranes=Thousand Cranes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Buyer's_Market=A Buyer's Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Thunder=Children of the Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_with_a_Smile=Service with a Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Assets_(novel)=Frozen Assets (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Zodiac=Across the Zodiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Thursday=Sir Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorna:_The_Unicorn_Girl=Acorna: The Unicorn Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonsinger=Dragonsinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_That_Time_Forgot_(novel)=The People That Time Forgot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Beaver=The Sign of the Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Drum=The Walking Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowering_Plants:_Evolution_Above_the_Species_Level=Flowering Plants: Evolution Above the Species Level
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_Chinese_Philosophy=A Short History of Chinese Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pelican_at_Blandings=A Pelican at Blandings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_Blue=The Girl in Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelors_Anonymous=Bachelors Anonymous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_at_Blandings=Sunset at Blandings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_No_Pigs_Would_Die=A Day No Pigs Would Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholic_Ashrams=Catholic Ashrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tar_Baby_(novel)=Tar Baby (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Artist_of_the_Floating_World=An Artist of the Floating World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egoist_(novel)=The Egoist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeper_Awakes=The Sleeper Awakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayers_for_the_Assassin=Prayers for the Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Predator=Midnight Predator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_in_My_View=Demon in My View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_Mirror=Shattered Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Consent_(book)=The Age of Consent (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Art_of_Dr._Seuss=The Secret Art of Dr. Seuss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stinky_Cheese_Man_and_Other_Fairly_Stupid_Tales=The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emigrants_(Sebald_novel)=The Emigrants (Sebald novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quillan_Games=The Quillan Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deed_of_Paksenarrion=The Deed of Paksenarrion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Kin=Dragon's Kin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spell_for_Chameleon=A Spell for Chameleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centaur_Aisle=Centaur Aisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogre,_Ogre=Ogre, Ogre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_on_a_Pedestal=Dragon on a Pedestal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crewel_Lye:_A_Caustic_Yarn=Crewel Lye: A Caustic Yarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golem_in_the_Gears=Golem in the Gears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vale_of_the_Vole=Vale of the Vole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Cent=Heaven Cent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_from_Mundania=Man from Mundania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_View=Isle of View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_Don't_Dream=Demons Don't Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpy_Thyme=Harpy Thyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geis_of_the_Gargoyle=Geis of the Gargoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faun_&_Games=Faun & Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roc_and_a_Hard_Place=Roc and a Hard Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xone_of_Contention=Xone of Contention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dastard=The Dastard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swell_Foop=Swell Foop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_a_Heaval=Up in a Heaval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cube_Route=Cube Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currant_Events=Currant Events
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stork_Naked=Stork Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Apparent=Air Apparent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(Benchley_novel)=The Island (Benchley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_in_Action=Science in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Things_to_Come=The Shape of Things to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_of_the_Bride=Sister of the Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_and_the_Sword=The Book and the Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otis_Spofford=Otis Spofford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Shadows=King of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Line_(novel)=Crossing the Line (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Before=The World Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoeless_Joe_(novel)=Shoeless Joe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Watch_(novel)=Day Watch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professors:_The_101_Most_Dangerous_Academics_in_America=The Professors: The 101 Most Dangerous Academics in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Judgement_in_Stone=A Judgement in Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Death_Love_Me=Make Death Love Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorna's_Quest=Acorna's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teleny,_or_The_Reverse_of_the_Medal=Teleny, or The Reverse of the Medal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flush:_A_Biography=Flush: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self-Made_Man_(book)=Self-Made Man (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dissolution_(Forgotten_Realms_novel)=Dissolution (Forgotten Realms novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_the_Dust=Ask the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rednecks_and_White_Liberals=Black Rednecks and White Liberals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Survive_a_Robot_Uprising=How to Survive a Robot Uprising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matlock_Paper=The Matlock Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Poems=Complete Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_Kittens=The Color Kittens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amalgamation_Polka=The Amalgamation Polka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_a_Road_Slowly=Up a Road Slowly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Without_Laughter=Not Without Laughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legs_(novel)=Legs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texar's_Revenge,_or,_North_Against_South=Texar's Revenge, or, North Against South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarr=Tarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Jo_Risalo=Shah Jo Risalo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_That_Rises_Must_Converge=Everything That Rises Must Converge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Nobody_Speaks_of_Remarkable_Things=If Nobody Speaks of Remarkable Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Frolic_of_His_Own=A Frolic of His Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rush_for_Second_Place=The Rush for Second Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firesign_Theatre's_Big_Book_of_Plays=The Firesign Theatre's Big Book of Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discourse_on_the_Arts_and_Sciences=Discourse on the Arts and Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy=The Holy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_in_England=A Place in England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hired_Man=The Hired Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Come_(Bragg_novel)=Kingdom Come (Bragg novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyday_Use=Everyday Use
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallows_and_Amazons=Swallows and Amazons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamboo_Annals=Bamboo Annals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Mask=Confessions of a Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_(novel)=Murphy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_on_the_Moon=A Man on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Water_(Highsmith_novel)=Deep Water (Highsmith novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Earth,_White_Lies=Red Earth, White Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_of_Souls=The Lake of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawksong=Hawksong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Masters=The Dragon Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downbelow_Station=Downbelow Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Human=Last Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoda:_Dark_Rendezvous=Yoda: Dark Rendezvous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Ebenezer_Le_Page=The Book of Ebenezer Le Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Things_Betray_Thee=All Things Betray Thee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_and_Society=Culture and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keywords:_A_Vocabulary_of_Culture_and_Society=Keywords: A Vocabulary of Culture and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_and_the_City=The Country and the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman:_Doomsday_&_Beyond=Superman: Doomsday & Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversations_with_Eternity=Conversations with Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Political_Romance=A Political Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Huma=The Legend of Huma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bookless_in_Baghdad=Bookless in Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Money=Making Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowmarch=Shadowmarch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kindness_of_Women=The Kindness of Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_Slaves=Voyage of Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Twilight=Planet of Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedStar_I:_Battle_Surgeons=MedStar I: Battle Surgeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MedStar_II:_Jedi_Healer=MedStar II: Jedi Healer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roger_Fry:_A_Biography=Roger Fry: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spies_(novel)=Spies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Sinharat=The Secret of Sinharat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Economy:_Historical_Statistics=The World Economy: Historical Statistics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sirius_Mystery=The Sirius Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breast=The Breast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnamurti's_Notebook=Krishnamurti's Notebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_and_Last_Freedom=The First and Last Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Feet_of_the_Master=At the Feet of the Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnamurti's_Journal=Krishnamurti's Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Blues=London Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_from_the_Known=Freedom from the Known
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parable_of_the_Sower_(novel)=Parable of the Sower (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parable_of_the_Talents_(novel)=Parable of the Talents (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Also_Ran=They Also Ran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Trespass=Those Who Trespass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_(Wilson_novel)=Best Friends (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Window=The High Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermsprong=Hermsprong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troubled_Sleep=Troubled Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reprieve=The Reprieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Gidh=Raja Gidh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Hotel=The White Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madness_of_King_George_(book)=The Madness of King George (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outermost_House=The Outermost House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Talisman=People of the Talisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adapted_Mind=The Adapted Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_(novel)=Three (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Last_Man_(Zane_Grey_novel)=To the Last Man (Zane Grey novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coot_Club=Coot Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comet_in_Moominland=Comet in Moominland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Family_Moomintroll=Finn Family Moomintroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Ocean_Strategy=Blue Ocean Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialogo_de_Cecco_di_Ronchitti_da_Bruzene_in_perpuosito_de_la_stella_Nuova=Dialogo de Cecco di Ronchitti da Bruzene in perpuosito de la stella Nuova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_(Bill_Clinton_autobiography)=My Life (Bill Clinton autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twins_at_St._Clare's=The Twins at St. Clare's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_O'Sullivan_Twins=The O'Sullivan Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbarians_are_Coming=The Barbarians are Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epic_(Kostick_novel)=Epic (Kostick novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_Kitten_and_Tucker_Mouse=Harry Kitten and Tucker Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moominland_Midwinter=Moominland Midwinter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raja_Yoga_(book)=Raja Yoga (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sybil_(novel)=Sybil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ghost_in_Monte_Carlo=A Ghost in Monte Carlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxes'_Oven=Foxes' Oven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Jazz=White Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_of_Red=Autobiography of Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Term_at_St._Clare's=Summer Term at St. Clare's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopaedia_Sinica=Encyclopaedia Sinica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitalism_and_Schizophrenia=Capitalism and Schizophrenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_(Carmody_novel)=The Gathering (Carmody novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lighthouse_at_the_End_of_the_World=The Lighthouse at the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Sky_Pirates=The Last of the Sky Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Patagonia=In Patagonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Over_Sanctaphrax=Midnight Over Sanctaphrax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_World=Empty World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Pilot=The Stone Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slawter=Slawter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Games_People_Play_(book)=Games People Play (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Roses_(novel)=The War of the Roses (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deus_Irae=Deus Irae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_Pleasures_(novel)=Guilty Pleasures (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_C++_Programming_Language=The C++ Programming Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_to_Cradle:_Remaking_the_Way_We_Make_Things=Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way We Make Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Novice=The Novice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Lord=The High Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magicians'_Guild=The Magicians' Guild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_Louisiana_Red=The Last Days of Louisiana Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily's_Reasons_Why_Not_(novel)=Emily's Reasons Why Not (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_When_I_Fall=Catch Me When I Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassination_Bureau,_Ltd=The Assassination Bureau, Ltd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Life_of_Balso_Snell=The Dream Life of Balso Snell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cool_Million=A Cool Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repetition_(Kierkegaard)=Repetition (Kierkegaard)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Pirates=The Ghost Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindred_(novel)=Kindred (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Influence_of_Sea_Power_upon_History=The Influence of Sea Power upon History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_a_Dark_Realm=Into a Dark Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Mr._Enderby=Inside Mr. Enderby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enderby_Outside=Enderby Outside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clockwork_Testament,_or_Enderby's_End=The Clockwork Testament, or Enderby's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartfire=Heartfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvin_Journeyman=Alvin Journeyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darksaber=Darksaber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mephisto_(novel)=Mephisto (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_Was_the_End=The Beginning Was the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Jedi=Children of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Smith_and_the_Big_Nothing=Elliott Smith and the Big Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Republic_Commando:_Triple_Zero=Star Wars Republic Commando: Triple Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Rebellion=The New Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_and_Lies_(book)=Secrets and Lies (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_Lord=The Thief Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooray_for_Diffendoofer_Day!=Hooray for Diffendoofer Day!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Star=The Crystal Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_All_the_People:_Letters,_Lyrics,_Routines=Love All the People: Letters, Lyrics, Routines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_of_Champions=Trial of Champions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedi_Apprentice:_The_Followers=Jedi Apprentice: The Followers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_to_the_Lady=Look to the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Police_at_the_Funeral=Police at the Funeral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedro_and_Me=Pedro and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribulation_Force=Tribulation Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Book_(Pamuk_novel)=The Black Book (Pamuk novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_(novel)=Woodstock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_God=A History of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bang_(book)=Big Bang (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Galaxies:_The_Ruins_of_Dantooine=Star Wars Galaxies: The Ruins of Dantooine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_the_Lonesome_Pine_(novel)=The Trail of the Lonesome Pine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideaway_(novel)=Hideaway (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insurrection_(Forgotten_Realms_novel)=Insurrection (Forgotten Realms novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condemnation_(novel)=Condemnation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extinction_(Forgotten_Realms_novel)=Extinction (Forgotten Realms novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annihilation_(Forgotten_Realms_novel)=Annihilation (Forgotten Realms novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_(Forgotten_Realms)=Resurrection (Forgotten Realms)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sojourn_(novel)=Sojourn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Mr_Polly=The History of Mr Polly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Scarf_Girl=Red Scarf Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starless_Night=Starless Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siege_of_Darkness=Siege of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Swords=The Two Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servant_of_the_Shard=Servant of the Shard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Water=Secret Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Picts_and_the_Martyrs=The Picts and the Martyrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glastonbury_Romance=A Glastonbury Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_via_Nurture:_Genes,_Experience,_&_What_Makes_Us_Human=Nature via Nurture: Genes, Experience, & What Makes Us Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Comes_to_Town,_Someone_Leaves_Town=Someone Comes to Town, Someone Leaves Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Faith=The End of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_of_Shadows=Game of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trench_(novel)=The Trench (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tangled_Web=A Tangled Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Fleet_Crisis=The Black Fleet Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Road_(novel)=Lonely Road (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legacy_(Forgotten_Realms_novel)=The Legacy (Forgotten Realms novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canticle_(novel)=Canticle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highwayman_(novel)=The Highwayman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon_Apostle=The Demon Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortalis=Mortalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascendance_(novel)=Ascendance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch's_Daughter=The Witch's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancer_Upstairs=The Dancer Upstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_of_Tyshalle=Blade of Tyshalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elemental_Masters=Elemental Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_and_Iron=Amber and Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dirty_Job=A Dirty Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrek!=Shrek!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_of_Trolls=The Sea of Trolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahrir_al-Wasilah=Tahrir al-Wasilah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capillaria=Capillaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadranim_al_HaRambam=Hadranim al HaRambam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commentarii_de_Bello_Civili=Commentarii de Bello Civili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rules=The Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Turned_On_and_Off=The Cat Who Turned On and Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talisman_of_Death=Talisman of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Alabama_Ghosts_and_Jeffrey=13 Alabama Ghosts and Jeffrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaro_(novel)=Imaro (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kestrel_for_a_Knave=A Kestrel for a Knave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flannelled_Fool=Flannelled Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_The_Flopsy_Bunnies=The Tale of The Flopsy Bunnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth:_Scenes_from_Provincial_Life_II=Youth: Scenes from Provincial Life II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_for_Cush=The Quest for Cush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_Bohu=The Trail of Bohu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Kingdom=The Last Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking=The Taking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locked_in_Time=Locked in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Skies,_Closed_Minds=Open Skies, Closed Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Empire_(novel)=Black Empire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assault=The Assault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Fell_in_Love_with_the_Moon=The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Caesars=The Twelve Caesars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Ask_Malice=Go Ask Malice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunnydale_High_Yearbook=Sunnydale High Yearbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hive_(novella)=The Hive (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velocity_(novel)=Velocity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Forest_Apart=A Forest Apart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coruscant_Nights=Coruscant Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mythago_Wood=Mythago Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Didn't_Mean_to_Go_to_Sea=We Didn't Mean to Go to Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_Atlas_of_the_World=Historical Atlas of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltasar_and_Blimunda=Baltasar and Blimunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Watcher_in_the_Woods=A Watcher in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Moon_(novel)=Blood on the Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Because_the_Night_(novel)=Because the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavondyss=Lavondyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four-Chambered_Heart=The Four-Chambered Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_in_Flight=Shadows in Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquest_of_Space=The Conquest of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Men=Wise Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Hour=The Secret Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Might_as_Well_Be_Dead=Might as Well Be Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berlin_Raids=The Berlin Raids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_(book)=My Brother (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Paint=Behind the Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_and_the_Witch=Simon and the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_and_Poverty=Progress and Poverty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power:_A_New_Social_Analysis=Power: A New Social Analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looking_Glass_Wars=The Looking Glass Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crashing_the_Gate=Crashing the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_No_It_Isn't!=Oh No It Isn't!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reason_and_Revolution=Reason and Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Speaker=The Silent Speaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Translating_Beowulf=On Translating Beowulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Journalism=The New Journalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Battle=Heroes of Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Red=My Name Is Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorcing_Jack_(novel)=Divorcing Jack (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Egg=Dragon's Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Sometimes_(novel)=Charlotte Sometimes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clayhanger_Family=The Clayhanger Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Sun_(novel)=Beyond the Sun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_to_Babylon=Walking to Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthright_(Robinson_novel)=Birthright (Robinson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_War_(Doctor_Who)=Just War (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_and_Practice_of_Muslim_State_in_India=Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Ride:_The_Angel_Experiment=Maximum Ride: The Angel Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Muslims:_Who_Are_They=Indian Muslims: Who Are They
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverwing_(novel)=Silverwing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pale_Horseman=The Pale Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Enchantment=The Last Enchantment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shane_(novel)=Shane (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_X_(Star_Trek)=Planet X (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Spiders=The Golden Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Cooks_(novel)=Too Many Cooks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Room_(Narayan_novel)=The Dark Room (Narayan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_to_Dust_(novel)=Dust to Dust (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Child_of_the_Cavern=The Child of the Cavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Islam_through_Hadis=Understanding Islam through Hadis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doorbell_Rang=The Doorbell Rang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musashi_(novel)=Musashi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Thief=Take a Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billions_and_Billions:_Thoughts_on_Life_and_Death_at_the_Brink_of_the_Millennium=Billions and Billions: Thoughts on Life and Death at the Brink of the Millennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caged_Virgin=The Caged Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_High=Spy High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President_Vanishes=The President Vanishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_for_Business=Bad for Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Swan_Green=Black Swan Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number9dream=Number9dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_E_Minor=Murder in E Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolting_Rhymes=Revolting Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Song_(novel)=Swan Song (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Would_Be_Queen=The Man Who Would Be Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Occupational_Classification=National Occupational Classification
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleges_That_Change_Lives=Colleges That Change Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budding_Prospects=Budding Prospects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Wine=Strange Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Van_(novel)=The Van (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Silas_Lapham=The Rise of Silas Lapham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sun_Rising=Black Sun Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_True_Night_Falls=When True Night Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Tower_(Ullman_novel)=The White Tower (Ullman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Enemy_(autobiography)=The Last Enemy (autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XPD=XPD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_of_the_Bone=Rule of the Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons'_Wrath=Dragons' Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Northern_Light=A Northern Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Western_Eyes=Under Western Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorna's_People=Acorna's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stumbling_on_Happiness=Stumbling on Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatrice_Letters=The Beatrice Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_for_Something=Standing for Something
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Late_Pig=The Case of the Late Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_13_Clocks=The 13 Clocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_of_the_Moon=Bones of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Years'_Vacation=Two Years' Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylums_(book)=Asylums (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Hogs=Road Hogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles_Guide_to_the_Universe=Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Guide to the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tau_Zero=Tau Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niyogi_Committee_Report_on_Christian_Missionary_Activities=Niyogi Committee Report on Christian Missionary Activities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Became_a_Hindu=How I Became a Hindu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Planet=Big Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_the_Griffin=Year of the Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutants_Down_Under=Mutants Down Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Way_from_Chicago=A Long Way from Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayodhya_and_After:_Issues_Before_Hindu_Society=Ayodhya and After: Issues Before Hindu Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hedgehog_and_the_Fox=The Hedgehog and the Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asimov's_Biographical_Encyclopedia_of_Science_and_Technology=Asimov's Biographical Encyclopedia of Science and Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Squirrel_Nutkin=The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Tack_and_Coffee=Hard Tack and Coffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(novel)=Twilight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anti-Chomsky_Reader=The Anti-Chomsky Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Ghosts_of_Onyx=Halo: Ghosts of Onyx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manalive=Manalive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Place_of_Dead_Roads=The Place of Dead Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Western_Lands=The Western Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marius_the_Epicurean=Marius the Epicurean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Left_Behind_(novel)=Left Behind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_and_Ashes=Amber and Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_(novel)=Texas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Family=The Whole Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Windows=High Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unconsoled=The Unconsoled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Pharma=Big Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_the_Waters=The Face of the Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Werewolf_of_Paris=The Werewolf of Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Time=Fire Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interlopers=Interlopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Night_with_Moon_(novel)=The Book of Night with Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_(Pamuk_novel)=Snow (Pamuk novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marine_(book)=Marine (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broca's_Brain=Broca's Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_The_Shadow_Within=Babylon 5: The Shadow Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Mr._Jeremy_Fisher=The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Mrs._Tittlemouse=The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Ginger_and_Pickles=The Tale of Ginger and Pickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Mrs._Tiggy-Winkle=The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celestial_Omnibus=The Celestial Omnibus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Moment=The Eternal Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odes_et_Ballades=Odes et Ballades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_I_Don't_Want_to_Live_This_Life=And I Don't Want to Live This Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Lame_Prince_and_his_Travelling_Cloak=The Little Lame Prince and his Travelling Cloak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Jemima_Puddle-Duck=The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor_of_Gloucester=The Tailor of Gloucester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Tom_Kitten=The Tale of Tom Kitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Longing=Book of Longing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He's_Just_Not_That_Into_You=He's Just Not That Into You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_re_metallica=De re metallica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrakanta_(novel)=Chandrakanta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Mr._Tod=The Tale of Mr. Tod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradoxes_of_Mr._Pond=The Paradoxes of Mr. Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_of_the_Damned=Circus of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_in_Amber=Gypsy in Amber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Money_and_Credit=The Theory of Money and Credit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Could_See_Me_Now_(Cecelia_Ahern_novel)=If You Could See Me Now (Cecelia Ahern novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heart_of_the_Country=In the Heart of the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Lono=The Curse of Lono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Australian_Grammar=An Australian Grammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zap_Gun=The Zap Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anti-Capitalistic_Mentality=The Anti-Capitalistic Mentality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squares_of_the_City=The Squares of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_Pye=Ginger Pye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truckin'_Turtles=Truckin' Turtles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Cafe=The Glass Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belles_on_Their_Toes=Belles on Their Toes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1633_(novel)=1633 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakenings_(book)=Awakenings (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seola=Seola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Super_Diaper_Baby=The Adventures of Super Diaper Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calcutta_Chromosome=The Calcutta Chromosome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taqwacores=The Taqwacores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_(novel)=Evil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changing_of_the_Guard_(novel)=The Changing of the Guard (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormbreaker=Stormbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_for_Blunt_Instruments=Trio for Blunt Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonds_Cookery_Book=Edmonds Cookery Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkwing=Darkwing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_as_Human_Eye_Could_See=Far as Human Eye Could See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Subatomic_Monster=The Subatomic Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fact_and_Fancy=Fact and Fancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_for_the_Chair=Three for the Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knight_of_the_Sacred_Lake=The Knight of the Sacred Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Moon_Investigations=Half Moon Investigations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamela;_or,_Virtue_Rewarded=Pamela; or, Virtue Rewarded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Ghost=Death of a Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Torture_Garden=The Torture Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gate_of_Time=The Gate of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_in_Space=Rogue in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Revolution:_A_History=The French Revolution: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Again_to_Carthage=Again to Carthage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_March_to_Madness=A March to Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Saturday=Superior Saturday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Sunday=Lord Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Midnight_(novel)=Before Midnight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Star_(novel)=Morning Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Mountain=The Black Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollyon_(novel)=Apollyon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(Garth_Nix_novel)=The Fall (Garth Nix novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postmortem_(novel)=Postmortem (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_in_Silico=Everyone in Silico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratirahasya=Ratirahasya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cider_with_Rosie=Cider with Rosie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_the_Pie_and_the_Patty-Pan=The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firethorn_(novel)=Firethorn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offshore_(novel)=Offshore (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_the_Fire=Voice of the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads_to_Islam=Crossroads to Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Act_of_Terror=An Act of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_to_Pay_(novel)=Hell to Pay (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_the_Veil=Above the Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aenir=Aenir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_on_Target=Dead on Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Battle=Into Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Violet_Keystone=The Violet Keystone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil,_Inc._(Hardy_Boys)=Evil, Inc. (Hardy Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joust_(novel)=Joust (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_(novel)=Alta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Joy=City of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1634:_The_Ram_Rebellion=1634: The Ram Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bermuda_Triangle_(book)=The Bermuda Triangle (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summa_Technologiae=Summa Technologiae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_of_Crime=Cult of Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_of_Filth=The Gospel of Filth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magellanic_Cloud=The Magellanic Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border_Country_(novel)=Border Country (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_You_(novel)=Losing You (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_Summer=Farewell Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hangman's_Curse=Hangman's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonology:_The_Complete_Book_of_Dragons=Dragonology: The Complete Book of Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptology:_Search_for_the_Tomb_of_Osiris=Egyptology: Search for the Tomb of Osiris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savrola=Savrola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy's_Own_Story=A Boy's Own Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiders_of_the_Lost_Car_Park=Raiders of the Lost Car Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Noah_Conspiracy=The Noah Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrible_Geography=Horrible Geography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Game_(novel)=World Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_Scratch_(novel)=Spiral Scratch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adiamante=Adiamante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Foam=The Land of Foam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Day=The Wicked Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mageborn_Traitor=The Mageborn Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruins_of_Ambrai=The Ruins of Ambrai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Speaks=God Speaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_the_Enemy_(Doctor_Who)=The Face of the Enemy (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_on_the_Mountain_(Bisson_novel)=Fire on the Mountain (Bisson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_Moons=Many Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzur=Dzur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teckla=Teckla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_Goblins_from_Neptune=The Devil Goblins from Neptune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrorist_(novel)=The Terrorist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tigers_of_Mompracem=The Tigers of Mompracem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_of_Malaysia=The Pirates of Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Lines=The Shadow Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_the_Beasts=City of the Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abduction!=Abduction!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parasite_Eve=Parasite Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Canada!_Oh_Quebec!=Oh Canada! Oh Quebec!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excalibur_(novel)=Excalibur (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_Game_(novel)=The Murder Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Treasure=The Ultimate Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsemen_of_the_Esophagus=Horsemen of the Esophagus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festival_of_Death_(novel)=Festival of Death (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomorrow_Windows=The Tomorrow Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Son_Called_Gabriel=A Son Called Gabriel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_the_Same_Again=Never the Same Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Normal_Boys=The World of Normal Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Children=Dream Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anachrophobia=Anachrophobia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_of_June=The Fourth of June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Dismiss_Us=Lord Dismiss Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_and_Portraits=Memories and Portraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_of_Glass=The Empire of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhereg_(novel)=Jhereg (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakota_Woman=Lakota Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Q=I, Q
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Unusual=Business Unusual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icon_(novel)=Icon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegal_Alien_(Tucker_and_Perry_novel)=Illegal Alien (Tucker and Perry novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yendi_(novel)=Yendi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Earth_of_Mankind=This Earth of Mankind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roundheads=The Roundheads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Godalming=Waiting for Godalming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Capistrano=The Curse of Capistrano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multipliers:_How_the_Best_Leaders_Make_Everyone_Smarter=Multipliers: How the Best Leaders Make Everyone Smarter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_the_Dark_Prophecy=Child of the Dark Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eon_(novel)=Eon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatta's_War=Vatta's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pocket_Ref=Pocket Ref
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_of_the_Flying_Spaghetti_Monster=The Gospel of the Flying Spaghetti Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Acceptance_World=The Acceptance World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Lady_Molly's=At Lady Molly's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kindly_Ones_(Powell_novel)=The Kindly Ones (Powell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_from_the_Dark=Flight from the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deathlord_of_Ixia=The Deathlord of Ixia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_(Star_Wars_novel)=Exile (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrifice_(novel)=Sacrifice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilsa_(novel)=Ilsa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Science_Fiction_Stories_No.3=Star Science Fiction Stories No.3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Science_Fiction_Stories_No.2=Star Science Fiction Stories No.2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smirt=Smirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_into_Fox=Lady into Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_over_the_River_Kwai=The Bridge over the River Kwai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Zhivago_(novel)=Doctor Zhivago (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_from_the_Stars=Return from the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Seven_Gables=The House of the Seven Gables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_of_the_Lambs_(novel)=The Silence of the Lambs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Shame,_No_Fear=No Shame, No Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_Heaven=Eye of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forged_in_the_Fire=Forged in the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch_Hunters_(novel)=The Witch Hunters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Men_(novel)=The Hollow Men (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Gaderene=Last of the Gaderene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catastrophea=Catastrophea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Chain_(novel)=Critical Chain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Impractical=Mission: Impractical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_(novel)=Company (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inheritors_(William_Golding)=The Inheritors (William Golding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runes_of_the_Earth=The Runes of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_Construction_of_Reality=The Social Construction of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrow_(novel)=Marrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Autumn_Twilight=Dragons of Autumn Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Winter_Night=Dragons of Winter Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Spring_Dawning=Dragons of Spring Dawning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_of_Havoc=Creature of Havoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeta_Major=Zeta Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immoralist=The Immoralist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timewyrm:_Genesys=Timewyrm: Genesys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luna_(Peters_novel)=Luna (Peters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Magnus=Mission to Magnus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lifted_Veil=The Lifted Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Blue:_The_Oxford_Boat_Race_Mutiny=True Blue: The Oxford Boat Race Mutiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_of_Dawn=The Temple of Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_Empire=Dreams of Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Sanction_(novel)=The Final Sanction (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Water_(novel)=Black Water (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Israel_Lobby_and_U.S._Foreign_Policy=The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dying_in_the_Sun=Dying in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Rock_(novel)=Combat Rock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Mountain_(novel)=Cold Mountain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redwall_Cookbook=The Redwall Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaroids_from_the_Dead=Polaroids from the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caedmon's_Song=Caedmon's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colony_of_Lies=The Colony of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_It_Was_with_Dooms=How It Was with Dooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Physics=Understanding Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven's_Gate=Raven's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riders=The Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touching_from_a_Distance=Touching from a Distance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_Wenceslas=The Night of Wenceslas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_Many_in_One=Memoirs of Many in One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbinger_(Star_Trek_novel)=Harbinger (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georges_(novel)=Georges (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mughals=White Mughals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Wave:_Democratization_in_the_Late_Twentieth_Century=The Third Wave: Democratization in the Late Twentieth Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avoidance_(novel)=Avoidance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fade_(novel)=Fade (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Drug_Fiend=Diary of a Drug Fiend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Boy=Dream Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decay_of_the_Angel=The Decay of the Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_(Frank_novel)=America (Frank novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk_Farm=Punk Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Blanc=Point Blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matarese_Countdown=The Matarese Countdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lotus_and_the_Robot=The Lotus and the Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_The_Desperate_Mission=The Last of the Jedi: The Desperate Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eric,_or,_Little_by_Little=Eric, or, Little by Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_to_Truth=Path to Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Apprentice=The Way of the Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_the_Jedi=The Trail of the Jedi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Games=The Dangerous Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Disguise_(novel)=The Master of Disguise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_School_of_Fear=The School of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Trap=The Shadow Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon_Spirit=The Demon Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon_Awakens=The Demon Awakens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_of_Truth_(novel)=The Moment of Truth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_False_Peace=The False Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Showdown=The Final Showdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramelo=Caramelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Opal_Mehta_Got_Kissed,_Got_Wild,_and_Got_a_Life=How Opal Mehta Got Kissed, Got Wild, and Got a Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_of_Everyday_Life=The Revolution of Everyday Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(Hubbard_novella)=Fear (Hubbard novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transgressions:_Volume_Two=Transgressions: Volume Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Academy=Nightmare Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_City=Divided City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialogue_with_Death=Dialogue with Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Seen_Wearing_..._(Hillary_Waugh_novel)=Last Seen Wearing ... (Hillary Waugh novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ship_Who_Sang=The Ship Who Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Lived_Before_This_Life=Have You Lived Before This Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Pharaohs_(novel)=The Curse of the Pharaohs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitalism_and_Freedom=Capitalism and Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Monkey_(novel)=Love Monkey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Men_and_Monsters=Of Men and Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scales_of_Injustice=The Scales of Injustice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Boy:_The_Adventures_of_Herbie_Bookbinder=City Boy: The Adventures of Herbie Bookbinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon's_Children=Armageddon's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_Lasts_More_Than_a_Hundred_Years=The Day Lasts More Than a Hundred Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descent_(novel)=The Descent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_Running=Last Man Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matrix_(novel)=Matrix (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Costs_of_Accidents=The Costs of Accidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Endless_Storybook=The Little Endless Storybook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashbacks_(book)=Flashbacks (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Priest_(book)=High Priest (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Fall_Down_(novel)=All Fall Down (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_the_Shadows=Escape from the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lunatic_Cafe=The Lunatic Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diving_Bell_and_the_Butterfly=The Diving Bell and the Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gathering_of_Old_Men=A Gathering of Old Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Is_the_Sun=Dark Is the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_(novel)=The Dream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Engine_That_Disappeared=The Fire Engine That Disappeared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Quarters_of_the_Orange=Five Quarters of the Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mambo_Kings_Play_Songs_of_Love=The Mambo Kings Play Songs of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_Case=The Mummy Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Coup=Silent Coup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_A_Tangled_Web=The Last of the Jedi: A Tangled Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Naturalist=Death of a Naturalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Katy_Did=What Katy Did
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Piece_of_Blue_Sky=A Piece of Blue Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Malakand_Field_Force=The Story of the Malakand Field Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtles_Go_Hollywood=Turtles Go Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Vase=The Broken Vase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutants_of_the_Yucatan=Mutants of the Yucatan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waylander_(novel)=Waylander (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Moon=Rogue Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Too_Far=Going Too Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._R._R._Tolkien:_A_Biography=J. R. R. Tolkien: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Brotherhood=The Scarlet Brotherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Nature_(novel)=Human Nature (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Jones_Made=The World Jones Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinity_Doctors=The Infinity Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waylander_II:_In_the_Realm_of_the_Wolf=Waylander II: In the Realm of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayesha_(novel)=Ayesha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Hands=The Tree of Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can_Build_You=We Can Build You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Friends_from_Frolix_8=Our Friends from Frolix 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundation_Pit=The Foundation Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvation_(novel)=Salvation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occupational_Outlook_Handbook=Occupational Outlook Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Time_and_Space=Adventures in Time and Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wages_of_Sin_(novel)=The Wages of Sin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollowing=The Hollowing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Bones_(novel)=Bloody Bones (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Chauvinist_Pigs=Female Chauvinist Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E_(magazine)=L=A=N=G=U=A=G=E (magazine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masquerades=Masquerades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedi_Twilight=Jedi Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Psionic=Complete Psionic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arms_and_Equipment_Guide=Arms and Equipment Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Mesa=The Haunted Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Blue_(novel)=Deep Blue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Wreath=The Mountain Wreath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_North_Dakota_(book)=History of North Dakota (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paul_Street_Boys=The Paul Street Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game-Players_of_Titan=The Game-Players of Titan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Golden_Age=Before the Golden Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Werewolf_of_Fever_Swamp=The Werewolf of Fever Swamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unteleported_Man=The Unteleported Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Napoleon=The Red Napoleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Years_Among_the_Indians=Forty Years Among the Indians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Impostors=Among the Impostors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Players_(Dicks_novel)=Players (Dicks novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Shock=Millennium Shock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Quite_Dead_Enough=Not Quite Dead Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Stage=The Second Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pink_Swastika=The Pink Swastika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Game_in_Town=The Only Game in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portal_Through_Time=Portal Through Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Spell:_Religion_as_a_Natural_Phenomenon=Breaking the Spell: Religion as a Natural Phenomenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Place_Like_Earth=No Place Like Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Frost=Night Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Intrusion=The Art of Intrusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clans_of_the_Alphane_Moon=Clans of the Alphane Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Houses_of_Iszm=The Houses of Iszm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Steps_(novel)=Small Steps (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_(Animorphs)=The Other (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/44_Scotland_Street=44 Scotland Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_and_Economics=Women and Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop's_Mantle=The Bishop's Mantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblower_and_the_Crisis=Hornblower and the Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Daughter=Rose Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Daughter_of_Heth=A Daughter of Heth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spindle's_End=Spindle's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Showgirl_Princess=The Showgirl Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pact_(novel)=The Pact (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Religion_and_Hers=His Religion and Hers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_(novel)=March (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_All_Fall_Down_(Eric_Walters_novel)=We All Fall Down (Eric Walters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gift_from_Earth=A Gift from Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fireclown=The Fireclown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catherine,_Called_Birdy=Catherine, Called Birdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hugo_Winners=The Hugo Winners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Stein=Allan Stein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geomancer_(Well_of_Echoes)=Geomancer (Well of Echoes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Dragons=Dawn of the Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buccaneers_of_Shadaki=The Buccaneers of Shadaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Syro-Aramaic_Reading_of_the_Koran=The Syro-Aramaic Reading of the Koran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Need_to_Talk_About_Kevin=We Need to Talk About Kevin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomarzo_(novel)=Bomarzo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Arabian_Nights=New Arabian Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Classification_of_Primary_Care=International Classification of Primary Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyman_(novel)=Everyman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whipping_Boy=The Whipping Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agrippa_(A_Book_of_the_Dead)=Agrippa (A Book of the Dead)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legacy_of_Vashna=The Legacy of Vashna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_Dark_Warning=The Last of the Jedi: Dark Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_Underworld=The Last of the Jedi: Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_Death_on_Naboo=The Last of the Jedi: Death on Naboo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Surgeon=Star Surgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambulance_Ship=Ambulance Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_on_the_Water=Fire on the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caverns_of_Kalte=The Caverns of Kalte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Depart=Time to Depart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Clock_World=Counter-Clock World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Dance=The Killing Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postwar:_A_History_of_Europe_Since_1945=Postwar: A History of Europe Since 1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_at_Skeleton_Rock=The Ghost at Skeleton Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Wide:_Tooth_School_Inside=Open Wide: Tooth School Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnie_the_Doughnut=Arnie the Doughnut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_Gazillion's_Number_Yard=Grandpa Gazillion's Number Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Sorcerers=The Flying Sorcerers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lando_Calrissian_and_the_Mindharp_of_Sharu=Lando Calrissian and the Mindharp of Sharu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lando_Calrissian_and_the_Flamewind_of_Oseon=Lando Calrissian and the Flamewind of Oseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lando_Calrissian_and_the_Starcave_of_ThonBoka=Lando Calrissian and the Starcave of ThonBoka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Madwoman_in_the_Attic=The Madwoman in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Dies_Drear=The House of Dies Drear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_from_Boneville=Out from Boneville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Coyote's_in_the_House=A Coyote's in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knights_of_the_Cross=The Knights of the Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harsh_Cry_of_the_Heron=The Harsh Cry of the Heron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven's_Net_is_Wide=Heaven's Net is Wide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youngblood_Hawke=Youngblood Hawke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Moon=Back to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Blandings_Builds_His_Dream_House_(novel)=Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientology:_A_History_of_Man=Scientology: A History of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblower_and_the_Atropos=Hornblower and the Atropos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Hands_in_the_Fountain=Three Hands in the Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_and_Ribsy=Henry and Ribsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_David's_Spaceship=King David's Spaceship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graduate_(novel)=The Graduate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Without_End=Night Without End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Cub's_Handbook=The Wolf Cub's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Executioners_(MacDonald_novel)=The Executioners (MacDonald novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Executioner_(book_series)=The Executioner (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_the_Overlander=Gregor the Overlander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Alliance=Dark Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_casa=La casa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Republic_(novel)=The New Republic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lambing_Flat=The Lambing Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Whaler=Death of a Whaler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Night_in_Terror_Tower=A Night in Terror Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ship_(novel)=The Ship (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronghold_(novel)=Stronghold (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumageddon:_The_Final_Pongflict=Bumageddon: The Final Pongflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearsome_Creatures_of_the_Lumberwoods,_With_a_Few_Desert_and_Mountain_Beasts=Fearsome Creatures of the Lumberwoods, With a Few Desert and Mountain Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Crime_do_Padre_Amaro=O Crime do Padre Amaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Little_Pig_Robinson=The Tale of Little Pig Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mandalorian_Armor=The Mandalorian Armor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Merchandise=Hard Merchandise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iberia_(book)=Iberia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Dead_(novel)=The Book of the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovelock=Lovelock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruising_(novel)=Cruising (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_III:_Revenge_of_the_Sith_(novel)=Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fripp_(novel)=Fripp (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heechee_Rendezvous=Heechee Rendezvous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amnesia_Moon=Amnesia Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Differences_in_Intelligence_(book)=Race Differences in Intelligence (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Adam=Young Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merry_Men_and_Other_Tales_and_Fables=The Merry Men and Other Tales and Fables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Dormouse_Said=What the Dormouse Said
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Hand_of_Mars=The Iron Hand of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Pigs=The Silver Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Cow_Race=The Great Cow Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_the_Storm=Eyes of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragonslayer=The Dragonslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Jaw:_Master_of_the_Eastern_Border=Rock Jaw: Master of the Eastern Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Man's_Cave=Old Man's Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ship_of_the_Line=A Ship of the Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Circles=Ghost Circles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_of_Horns_(book)=Crown of Horns (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealing_with_Dragons=Dealing with Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clock_Winder=The Clock Winder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersonville_(novel)=Andersonville (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Fish=Brother Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_(Gary_Paulsen_novel)=The River (Gary Paulsen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polio:_An_American_Story=Polio: An American Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unlimited_Dream_Company=The Unlimited Dream Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Experience=Inner Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_and_Gagged:_Pornography_and_the_Politics_of_Fantasy_in_America=Bound and Gagged: Pornography and the Politics of Fantasy in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterns_of_Force_(novel)=Patterns of Force (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Minutes=The Seven Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morpho_Eugenia=Morpho Eugenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_World_History=Encyclopedia of World History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seas_of_Blood=Seas of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Planet=Rebel Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_of_the_Deep=Demons of the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_the_Samurai_(gamebook)=Sword of the Samurai (gamebook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_the_North=The Lords of the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chasm_of_Doom=The Chasm of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_on_the_Sand=Shadow on the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Fury=Sharpe's Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdoms_of_Terror=The Kingdoms of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Death=Castle Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_of_Horrors=The Jungle of Horrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cauldron_of_Fear=The Cauldron of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dungeons_of_Torgar=The Dungeons of Torgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoners_of_Time=The Prisoners of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masters_of_Darkness=The Masters of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plague_Lords_of_Ruel=The Plague Lords of Ruel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captives_of_Kaag=The Captives of Kaag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darke_Crusade=The Darke Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icebound_(novel)=Icebound (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Naar=The Curse of Naar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_Eaten_Alive=Galaxy of Fear: Eaten Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_City_of_the_Dead=Galaxy of Fear: City of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_Planet_Plague=Galaxy of Fear: Planet Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_The_Nightmare_Machine=Galaxy of Fear: The Nightmare Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_Spore=Galaxy of Fear: Spore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_Army_of_Terror=Galaxy of Fear: Army of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_The_Brain_Spiders=Galaxy of Fear: The Brain Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_The_Swarm=Galaxy of Fear: The Swarm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_The_Doomsday_Ship=Galaxy of Fear: The Doomsday Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_Clones=Galaxy of Fear: Clones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaxy_of_Fear:_The_Hunger=Galaxy of Fear: The Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Codex_(novel)=The Codex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Eagle=Under the Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Chills=Night Chills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vision_(novel)=The Vision (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_Fear=The Face of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_to_Midnight=The Key to Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_(novel)=Whispers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Night=The Voice of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_(novel)=The Mask (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyes_of_Darkness=The Eyes of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Thunder=The House of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Dog_(Gary_novel)=White Dog (Gary novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkfall_(Koontz_novel)=Darkfall (Koontz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Eyes=Twilight Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_to_December=The Door to December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Fires=Shadow Fires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchers_(novel)=Watchers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Servants_of_Twilight=The Servants of Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Justice=High Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lightning_(novel)=Lightning (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_(Koontz_novel)=Midnight (Koontz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Place=The Bad Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Fire_(Koontz_novel)=Cold Fire (Koontz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Murder=Mr. Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Gentleman_(novel)=The Last Gentleman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Tears=Dragon Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_(Koontz_novel)=Invasion (Koontz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Rivers_of_the_Heart=Dark Rivers of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intensity_(novel)=Intensity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorba_the_Hutt's_Revenge=Zorba the Hutt's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_from_Mount_Yoda=Mission from Mount Yoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Empire=Queen of the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophets_of_the_Dark_Side=Prophets of the Dark Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crack_in_Space=The Crack in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accursed_Share=The Accursed Share
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrannosaur_Canyon=Tyrannosaur Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drugs_Are_Nice=Drugs Are Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_of_Death_(novel)=Dance of Death (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_of_Faith:_Memoirs_of_an_Unexpected_Life=Leap of Faith: Memoirs of an Unexpected Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Schlemihl=Peter Schlemihl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_(novel)=Air (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Colours_(novel)=Flying Colours (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf's_Bane=Wolf's Bane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher-Order_Perl=Higher-Order Perl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grantville_Gazettes=The Grantville Gazettes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Drag_Kings_and_the_Wheel_of_Fate=Of Drag Kings and the Wheel of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Seed_(novel)=Demon Seed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Nothing=Fear Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sole_Survivor_(novel)=Sole Survivor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Door_Away_from_Heaven=One Door Away from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Corner_of_His_Eye=From the Corner of His Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Light_of_the_Moon_(novel)=By the Light of the Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigal_Son_(novel)=Prodigal Son (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Husband=The Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Odd=Brother Odd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Night_(Koontz_and_Gorman_novel)=City of Night (Koontz and Gorman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Odd=Forever Odd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_&_King=King & King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sissy_Duckling=The Sissy Duckling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Roommate=Daddy's Roommate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_in_a_Family%3F=Who's in a Family?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Book=The Family Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep_(novel)=Sheep (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Calm=Dead Calm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eiger_Sanction=The Eiger Sanction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Lies_(Crowley)=The Book of Lies (Crowley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practice_in_Christianity=Practice in Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marley_&_Me=Marley & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saintspeak=Saintspeak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Futurity=Dr. Futurity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Made_Straight=The World Made Straight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian's_Winter=Brian's Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicka_Chicka_Boom_Boom=Chicka Chicka Boom Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rather_English_Marriage=A Rather English Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjung_Ilgi=Nanjung Ilgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Champion_(novel)=The Eternal Champion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_I:_The_Phantom_Menace_(novel)=Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_II:_Attack_of_the_Clones_(novel)=Star Wars Episode II: Attack of the Clones (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_Strikes_Back_(novel)=The Empire Strikes Back (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_From_the_Adventures_of_Luke_Skywalker=Star Wars: From the Adventures of Luke Skywalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Jedi_(novel)=Return of the Jedi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_the_Star_Wars_Universe=A Guide to the Star Wars Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Johnny_Town-Mouse=The Tale of Johnny Town-Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Age=An Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Stop_the_Carnival_(novel)=Don't Stop the Carnival (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_for_Danger=Green for Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloody_Jack_(novel)=Bloody Jack (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_of_Spices=Mistress of Spices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Tango_Makes_Three=And Tango Makes Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonfly_(Koontz_novel)=Dragonfly (Koontz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Language_of_Cranes=The Lost Language of Cranes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Day_Road=Three Day Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfbane_(novel)=Wolfbane (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Space_Merchants=The Space Merchants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_II:_Princess_in_the_Spotlight=The Princess Diaries, Volume II: Princess in the Spotlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rag_and_Bone_Shop=The Rag and Bone Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon's_Stone=Solomon's Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_on_Maple_Hill=Miracles on Maple Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cat_Likes_to_Hide_in_Boxes=My Cat Likes to Hide in Boxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fail-Safe_(novel)=Fail-Safe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Prince=The Vampire Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well-Mannered_War=The Well-Mannered War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Rites=Vampire Rites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sands_of_Time_(novel)=The Sands of Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killers_of_the_Dawn=Killers of the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changeling_(novel)=Changeling (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madwand=Madwand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Demon=Lord Demon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igrot_Kodesh=Igrot Kodesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barney's_Version_(novel)=Barney's Version (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montauk_Project_(book)=Montauk Project (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duino_Elegies=Duino Elegies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Warcraft:_Rise_of_the_Horde=World of Warcraft: Rise of the Horde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viceroy_of_Ouidah=The Viceroy of Ouidah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Scenes_at_the_Museum=Behind the Scenes at the Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian's_Hunt=Brian's Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_(novel)=Flashman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_City=Lost City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_(Pierce_novel)=Hunter (Pierce novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Bad_Things_Happen_to_Good_People=When Bad Things Happen to Good People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Scorpion=The Day of the Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Lawn=Revenge of the Lawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Boy's_Handy_Book=The American Boy's Handy Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Flash=Royal Flash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_for_Freedom!=Flash for Freedom!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_in_the_Great_Game=Flashman in the Great Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_at_the_Charge=Flashman at the Charge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_of_Perfection=Way of Perfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman's_Lady=Flashman's Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_and_the_Redskins=Flashman and the Redskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_and_the_Dragon=Flashman and the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_and_the_Mountain_of_Light=Flashman and the Mountain of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_and_the_Angel_of_the_Lord=Flashman and the Angel of the Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_and_the_Tiger=Flashman and the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashman_on_the_March=Flashman on the March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_American=Mr American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_O'Boy=Boy O'Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goth_Opera=Goth Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdy_(novel)=Birdy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Knows,_Mr._Allison_(novel)=Heaven Knows, Mr. Allison (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountains_Beyond_Mountains=Mountains Beyond Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnerjack=Donnerjack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_the_Borderland=The House on the Borderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarum_(novel)=Sarum (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred_Dresses=The Hundred Dresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betwixt_and_Between=Betwixt and Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dying_Light_in_Corduba=A Dying Light in Corduba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MASH:_A_Novel_About_Three_Army_Doctors=MASH: A Novel About Three Army Doctors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_of_Sejanoz=The Hunger of Sejanoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Rainbows_End=Where Rainbows End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brethren_(non-fiction)=The Brethren (non-fiction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impending_Crisis_of_the_South=The Impending Crisis of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobra_II=Cobra II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Feels_Good:_Punk_Rock,_Teenagers,_and_Emo=Nothing Feels Good: Punk Rock, Teenagers, and Emo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer's_Goon=Archer's Goon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Guide_to_Anal_Sex_for_Women=The Ultimate Guide to Anal Sex for Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imaginary_(Sartre)=The Imaginary (Sartre)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_in_the_Valley=Lion in the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Whammy_(novel)=Double Whammy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_as_Long_as_We're_Together_(novel)=Just as Long as We're Together (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Dahl's_Guide_to_Railway_Safety=Roald Dahl's Guide to Railway Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Places_I_Never_Meant_to_Be=Places I Never Meant to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_for_the_Dead=Call for the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Murder_of_Quality=A Murder of Quality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Custody_(novel)=In Custody (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iggie's_House=Iggie's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otherwise_Known_as_Sheila_the_Great=Otherwise Known as Sheila the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever..._(novel)=Forever... (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unvanquished=The Unvanquished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Die_of_Heartbreak=More Die of Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_You_Please_Be_Quiet,_Please%3F=Will You Please Be Quiet, Please?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incongruous_Spy=The Incongruous Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampirium=Vampirium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Stop_Worrying_and_Start_Living=How to Stop Worrying and Start Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Blood_Mountain=The Fall of Blood Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_the_Wolf=Trail of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rune_War=Rune War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mydnight's_Hero=Mydnight's Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_of_the_Moonstone=Voyage of the Moonstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nastanirh=Nastanirh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_on_the_Rift=The Tower on the Rift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_is_the_Moon=Dark is the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Between_the_Worlds=The Way Between the Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleventh_Hour_(children's_book)=The Eleventh Hour (children's book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Scent_from_a_Strange_Mountain=A Good Scent from a Strange Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definitely_Maybe_(novel)=Definitely Maybe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_be_a_Complete_Bastard=How to be a Complete Bastard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiles_to_Glory=Exiles to Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Ashes_(Dungeons_&_Dragons)=From the Ashes (Dungeons & Dragons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_at_Heart_(book)=Wild at Heart (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_and_Its_Enemies=The Future and Its Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phish_Book=The Phish Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_American_Boy_(novel)=All American Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratman's_Notebooks=Ratman's Notebooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_and_the_Dead_(Boileau-Narcejac_novel)=The Living and the Dead (Boileau-Narcejac novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Da_Vinci_Code=The Da Vinci Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_Without_Wings=Birds Without Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetrarch_(novel)=Tetrarch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Cyborg=Citizen Cyborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rotters'_Club_(novel)=The Rotters' Club (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Irish_Saved_Civilization=How the Irish Saved Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangtokey_Gondogol=Gangtokey Gondogol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_According_to_G.H.=The Passion According to G.H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_Cool=How to Be Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cry_in_the_Night_(novel)=A Cry in the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honus_&_Me=Honus & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Day_of_Life=Another Day of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainbird_Pattern=The Rainbird Pattern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_and_Diamonds=Ashes and Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_God_Knows_What=Searching for God Knows What
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lab_(novel)=The Lab (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_(novel)=Edinburgh (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_Storm=The Coming Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_Tractors_in_Ukrainian=A Short History of Tractors in Ukrainian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manchurian_Candidate=The Manchurian Candidate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pain_and_the_Great_One=The Pain and the Great One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starring_Sally_J._Freedman_as_Herself=Starring Sally J. Freedman as Herself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wifey_(novel)=Wifey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Women=Smart Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fudge-a-Mania=Fudge-a-Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trace_(novel)=Trace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_to_You,_Rachel_Robinson=Here's to You, Rachel Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_King=Star King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_in_the_Middle_Is_the_Green_Kangaroo=The One in the Middle Is the Green Kangaroo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Offerings_(novel)=Burnt Offerings (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cetinje_Octoechos=Cetinje Octoechos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascism_and_Big_Business=Fascism and Big Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Walked_Through_Time=The Man Who Walked Through Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thousand-Mile_Summer=The Thousand-Mile Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens:_Colonial_Marines_Technical_Manual=Aliens: Colonial Marines Technical Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_in_the_Stream_(novel)=Islands in the Stream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_(Bob_Woodward_book)=Shadow (Bob Woodward book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tikki_Tikki_Tembo=Tikki Tikki Tembo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_US=A History of US
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_(Vance_novel)=The Face (Vance novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Machine=The Killing Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_at_the_Top_(novel)=Room at the Top (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judy_Blume_Diary=The Judy Blume Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Judy:_What_Kids_Wish_They_Could_Tell_You=Letters to Judy: What Kids Wish They Could Tell You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Term_of_His_Natural_Life=For the Term of His Natural Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corduroy_(book)=Corduroy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Holy_Orders=Death in Holy Orders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_Room=The Murder Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skull_Beneath_the_Skin=The Skull Beneath the Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devices_and_Desires=Devices and Desires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Sin_(James_novel)=Original Sin (James novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multitude:_War_and_Democracy_in_the_Age_of_Empire=Multitude: War and Democracy in the Age of Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Danger=Sweet Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Sword=The Silver Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Actor_Prepares=An Actor Prepares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuck_Everlasting=Tuck Everlasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideways_(novel)=Sideways (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Six=The Big Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missee_Lee=Missee Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Common_Sense_Book_of_Baby_and_Child_Care=The Common Sense Book of Baby and Child Care
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tar-Aiym_Krang=The Tar-Aiym Krang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodhype=Bloodhype
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphan_Star=Orphan Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Matter=The End of the Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_in_the_Sky=Islands in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menace_in_Europe:_Why_the_Continent's_Crisis_Is_America's,_Too=Menace in Europe: Why the Continent's Crisis Is America's, Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_of_Mother-Not=For Love of Mother-Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mid-Flinx=Mid-Flinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cavern_of_Black_Ice=A Cavern of Black Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Town_in_Germany=A Small Town in Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poseidon_Adventure_(novel)=The Poseidon Adventure (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana_(novel)=Havana (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flinx's_Folly=Flinx's Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sterile_Cuckoo_(novel)=The Sterile Cuckoo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Magnet=Trouble Magnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrimony_(novel)=Patrimony (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eight_(novel)=The Eight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dharma_of_Star_Wars=The Dharma of Star Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellsinger_(novel)=Spellsinger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_of_the_Gate=The Hour of the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Dissonance=The Day of the Dissonance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_Found=Atlantis Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_of_Legend=Warriors of Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_(Hamilton_novel)=Blue Moon (Hamilton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9tail_Fox=9tail Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomability=Bloomability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandalara_Cycle=Gandalara Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_of_a_Godol=Making of a Godol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_River=Medicine River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Siringo's_West=Charlie Siringo's West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Cinderella=Chinese Cinderella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Short_War=A Long Short War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalayan_Blunder=Himalayan Blunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Choice_and_Individual_Values=Social Choice and Individual Values
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorus_Skating=Chorus Skating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Settling_Accounts:_In_at_the_Death=Settling Accounts: In at the Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazil_Broketail_(novel)=Bazil Broketail (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_War=Dragons of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battledragon=Battledragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Token=The Dragon Token
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybowl=Skybowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phishing_Manual=The Phishing Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_of_the_Vertebrates=Evolution of the Vertebrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catriona_(novel)=Catriona (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertebrate_Palaeontology_(Benton)=Vertebrate Palaeontology (Benton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vilhon_Reach=The Vilhon Reach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle_of_the_Wren=The Riddle of the Wren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_from_Atlantis=Attack from Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrutator=Scrutator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimaera_(Well_of_Echoes)=Chimaera (Well of Echoes)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Mistwraith=Curse of the Mistwraith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/F.M._(novel)=F.M. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Hickory=Miss Hickory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trial_of_Henry_Kissinger=The Trial of Henry Kissinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harm's_Way_(novel)=Harm's Way (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ender_in_Exile=Ender in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Consuming_Fire=All-Consuming Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Albatross=The Last Albatross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminator_Gene=Terminator Gene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_Lottery=The Life Lottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endymion_Spring=Endymion Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Like_This,_Cat=It's Like This, Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugitive_Prince=Fugitive Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Conspiracy=Grand Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor's_Knot=Traitor's Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Late_It_Was,_How_Late=How Late It Was, How Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Ground_(novel)=Killing Ground (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali's_Smile:_Naked_Scientology=Ali's Smile: Naked Scientology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_and_the_Terrible,_Horrible,_No_Good,_Very_Bad_Day=Alexander and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Sin_(Lane_novel)=Original Sin (Lane novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tartar_Steppe=The Tartar Steppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captive_Mind=The Captive Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Political_Zoo=The Political Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_My_Life_(biography)=The Story of My Life (biography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantville_Gazette_II=Grantville Gazette II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limca_Book_of_Records=Limca Book of Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aztec_(novel)=Aztec (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsidian_Butterfly=Obsidian Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halo_Graphic_Novel=The Halo Graphic Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider_and_the_Fly_(book)=The Spider and the Fly (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Record_of_Xuan_He_Era_Tribute_Tea_in_Bei_Yuan_District=Record of Xuan He Era Tribute Tea in Bei Yuan District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Argonath=Dragons of Argonath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londonistan:_How_Britain_is_Creating_a_Terror_State_Within=Londonistan: How Britain is Creating a Terror State Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_Summer=Armageddon Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Ultimate=Dragon Ultimate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dragon_at_Worlds'_End=A Dragon at Worlds' End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fan's_Notes=A Fan's Notes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Magic=Wild Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobgoblin_(novel)=Hobgoblin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primary_Inversion=Primary Inversion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Symbolic_Species=The Symbolic Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunday_Philosophy_Club=The Sunday Philosophy Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_and_Terrible_Beauty=A Great and Terrible Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justine_(novel)=Justine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toxin_(novel)=Toxin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1634:_The_Galileo_Affair=1634: The Galileo Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1635:_The_Cannon_Law=1635: The Cannon Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1634:_The_Baltic_War=1634: The Baltic War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantville_Gazette_III=Grantville Gazette III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rider_at_the_Gate=Rider at the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud's_Rider=Cloud's Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Thousand_Nights_and_a_Night=The Book of the Thousand Nights and a Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palace_of_Love=The Palace of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necessary_Roughness_(book)=Necessary Roughness (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet_(book)=The Prophet (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snugglepot_and_Cuddlepie=Snugglepot and Cuddlepie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Dork=King Dork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Casino_Murder_Case=The Casino Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissing_the_Gunner's_Daughter=Kissing the Gunner's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gene_Illusion=The Gene Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Harry_Hotspur_of_Humblethwaite=Sir Harry Hotspur of Humblethwaite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harmony_Silk_Factory=The Harmony Silk Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_a_Butterfly=The Soul of a Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Dead=Being Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitzkrieg:_From_the_Rise_of_Hitler_to_the_Fall_of_Dunkirk=Blitzkrieg: From the Rise of Hitler to the Fall of Dunkirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autocrat_of_the_Breakfast-Table=The Autocrat of the Breakfast-Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotillion_(novel)=Cotillion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biographer's_Tale=The Biographer's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_Light_(novel)=Arc Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdigris_(novel)=Verdigris (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fortress_of_Grey_Ice=A Fortress of Grey Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_Gentleman=The Quiet Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_Things=Wrong Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toll-Gate=The Toll-Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Lady=April Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreadnought_(book)=Dreadnought (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcissus_in_Chains=Narcissus in Chains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party_of_Death=The Party of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Piccadilly,_Farewell_Leicester_Square=Goodbye Piccadilly, Farewell Leicester Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_(novel)=Hannibal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Egg=The Golden Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Krishnapur=The Siege of Krishnapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firstborn_(novel)=Firstborn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan's_Hammer=Vulcan's Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeking_Whom_He_May_Devour=Seeking Whom He May Devour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calling_Out_for_You=Calling Out for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Evil=Fox Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lover_(Wilson_novel)=The Lover (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Small_Death_in_Lisbon=A Small Death in Lisbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid_Row=Acid Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Father's_Den=In My Father's Den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacklist_(novel)=Blacklist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midworld=Midworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cachalot_(novel)=Cachalot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Ours=One of Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_Just_Me_or_Is_Everything_Shit%3F=Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_to_the_City_of_the_Dead=Voyage to the City of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentenced_to_Prism=Sentenced to Prism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacrament_(novel)=Sacrament (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling_Stones=The Howling Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drowning_World=Drowning World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Free_State=In a Free State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Star_(novel)=Evil Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Touch=The Medusa Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter_(Stark_novel)=The Hunter (Stark novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_in_Obsidian=Phoenix in Obsidian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Ajax=The Unknown Ajax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Bargain=Bad Bargain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_Don_Emmanuel's_Nether_Parts=The War of Don Emmanuel's Nether Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blast_from_the_Past_(novel)=Blast from the Past (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Succeed_in_Business_Without_Really_Trying_(book)=How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Dr._Edwardes=The House of Dr. Edwardes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_in_the_Autumn_Stars=The City in the Autumn Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laughter_of_Carthage=The Laughter of Carthage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_in_the_Striped_Pyjamas=The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Beale_Street_Could_Talk=If Beale Street Could Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archaeology_of_Knowledge=The Archaeology of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Again_(novel)=Time and Again (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Order_of_Things=The Order of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerulean_Sins=Cerulean Sins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Travellers=The Time Travellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenon:_Girl_of_the_21st_Century=Zenon: Girl of the 21st Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Fundamental_Concepts_of_Psychoanalysis=The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_(book)=The Emperor (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_Loyalties_(novel)=Divided Loyalties (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_a_Moonie=The Making of a Moonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Harvest=Blood Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceberg_(Banks_novel)=Iceberg (Banks novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piazza_Tales=The Piazza Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Demon_in_My_View=A Demon in My View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writer_of_the_Purple_Rage=Writer of the Purple Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Cotton:_Selected_Stories_of_Joe_R._Lansdale=High Cotton: Selected Stories of Joe R. Lansdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bumper_Crop=Bumper Crop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good,_The_Bad,_and_the_Indifferent=The Good, The Bad, and the Indifferent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Feature=Triple Feature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dog_Summer_and_Other_Stories=Mad Dog Summer and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noisy_Nora=Noisy Nora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doing_It_(Melvin_Burgess_novel)=Doing It (Melvin Burgess novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Chili=Atomic Chili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_to_Zulu=Ashanti to Zulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Trade=The Family Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_the_Work_of_Art=The Origin of the Work of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Caliph_:_Religious_Authority_in_the_First_Centuries_of_Islam=God's Caliph : Religious Authority in the First Centuries of Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meccan_Trade_and_the_Rise_of_Islam=Meccan Trade and the Rise of Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_that_Shouted_Love_at_the_Heart_of_the_World=The Beast that Shouted Love at the Heart of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apple_Dumpling_Gang=The Apple Dumpling Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Stairs_(Barbara_Vine_novel)=The House of Stairs (Barbara Vine novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakecharm=Snakecharm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcondance=Falcondance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Steps_Down=Thirteen Steps Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rottweiler=The Rottweiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Secret=Deep Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babes_in_the_Wood=The Babes in the Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_(novella)=The Thief (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water's_Lovely=The Water's Lovely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piranha_to_Scurfy=Piranha to Scurfy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cherryh_Odyssey=The Cherryh Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harm_Done=Harm Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sight_for_Sore_Eyes_(novel)=A Sight for Sore Eyes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Rage_(novel)=Road Rage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keys_to_the_Street=The Keys to the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristin_Lavransdatter=Kristin Lavransdatter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_Dark_Line=A Fine Dark Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simisola=Simisola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crocodile_Bird=The Crocodile Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phylogenesis_(novel)=Phylogenesis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Copper_Peacock=The Copper Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirge_(novel)=Dirge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_in_Bronze=Shadows in Bronze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidon's_Gold=Poseidon's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Act_in_Palmyra=Last Act in Palmyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diuturnity's_Dawn=Diuturnity's Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Wrong=Going Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridesmaid=The Bridesmaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Veiled_One=The Veiled One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_to_Strange_Men=Talking to Strange Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartstones=Heartstones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popular_Music_from_Vittula=Popular Music from Vittula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Girlfriend=The New Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_on_the_Edge_of_Time=Woman on the Edge of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unkindness_of_Ravens=An Unkindness of Ravens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_(Cooney_novel)=Forbidden (Cooney novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deeds_of_the_Disturber=The Deeds of the Disturber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_White_(novel)=The Woman in White (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Briefer_History_of_Time_(Schulman_book)=A Briefer History of Time (Schulman book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Briefer_History_of_Time_(Hawking_and_Mlodinow_book)=A Briefer History of Time (Hawking and Mlodinow book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_in_the_Crown_(novel)=The Jewel in the Crown (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Towers_of_Silence=The Towers of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Division_of_the_Spoils=A Division of the Spoils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex_(Bond_and_Larkin_novel)=Vortex (Bond and Larkin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loss_of_El_Dorado=The Loss of El Dorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_King=The Winter King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_of_God_(novel)=Enemy of God (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Doll=The Killing Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Speaker_of_Mandarin=The Speaker of Mandarin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Abdul_Gasazi=The Garden of Abdul Gasazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_Island_(novel)=Pig Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Majority=The Real Majority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excalibur:_A_Novel_of_Arthur=Excalibur: A Novel of Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulugh_al-Maram=Bulugh al-Maram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can't_Stop_Won't_Stop_(book)=Can't Stop Won't Stop (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Connection_(book)=The French Connection (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_of_Azeroth=Fires of Azeroth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_of_Ivrel=Gate of Ivrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well_of_Shiuan=Well of Shiuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile's_Gate=Exile's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Duchy_of_Karameikos=The Grand Duchy of Karameikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_in_the_Ruins=Breakfast in the Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_William_Came=When William Came
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_in_Flight=Cities in Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Days_of_Luke=Eight Days of Luke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specimen_Days=Specimen Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Mock_a_Mockingbird=To Mock a Mockingbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Hole=After the Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostage_(novel)=Hostage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Ate_My_Gymsuit=The Cat Ate My Gymsuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fever_Tree=The Fever Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_Moor=Master of the Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_on_By_Cunning=Put on By Cunning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_of_Darkness=The Lake of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Means_of_Evil=Means of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sleeping_Life=A Sleeping Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(Wiesel_novel)=Dawn (Wiesel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torments_of_the_Traitor=Torments of the Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Flame_(novel)=The Black Flame (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Camel_Died_at_Noon=The Last Camel Died at Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atom_Bomb_Blues=Atom Bomb Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thin_Man=The Thin Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Itself_(Doctor_Who_novel)=Fear Itself (Doctor Who novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Harvest=Storm Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_at_World's_End=City at World's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Out_of_Time_(novel)=Running Out of Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Handbook_II=Player's Handbook II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incubus_Dreams=Incubus Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agile_Project_Management_(book)=Agile Project Management (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Amazing_Man_Who_Ever_Lived=The Most Amazing Man Who Ever Lived
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_and_Bright_Water=Truth and Bright Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Secrets=Body of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_to_Answer_For=Something to Answer For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalna_(novel)=Jalna (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fallen_Curtain=The Fallen Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shake_Hands_Forever=Shake Hands Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_Trespass=The Face of Trespass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Lie_and_Some_Die=Some Lie and Some Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Being_Once_Done=Murder Being Once Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Dying_Then=No More Dying Then
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Across,_Two_Down=One Across, Two Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guilty_Thing_Surprised=A Guilty Thing Surprised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Man_to_Die=The Best Man to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_House_of_Death=The Secret House of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Lease_of_Death=A New Lease of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanity_Dies_Hard=Vanity Dies Hard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_to_the_Slaughter=Wolf to the Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Fear_a_Painted_Devil=To Fear a Painted Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_Studies=Bush Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_in_Eden=Winter in Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_the_Monkeys=Summer of the Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Horror=Heroes of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion's_Blood=Lion's Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ape_Who_Guards_the_Balance=The Ape Who Guards the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dante's_Equation=Dante's Equation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_to_Conquer=Two to Conquer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Secrets_(novel)=Family Secrets (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_Spock=I Am Not Spock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minotaur_(novel)=The Minotaur (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Would_a_Patriot_Act%3F=How Would a Patriot Act?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_of_Scipio_(novel)=The Dream of Scipio (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_Doctor=The Blood Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazes_and_Monsters_(novel)=Mazes and Monsters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasshopper_(novel)=Grasshopper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chimney-sweeper's_Boy=The Chimney-sweeper's Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dragon_(novel)=Red Dragon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micah_Clarke=Micah Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpse_Marker=Corpse Marker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Can't_Dance=The Dragon Can't Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomb_of_Valdemar=Tomb of Valdemar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Matter=Grave Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood,_Interrupted=Hollywood, Interrupted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_(novel)=The Door (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bono:_In_Conversation_with_Michka_Assayas=Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Death=Island of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man_Knows_My_History=No Man Knows My History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Moon=Imperial Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancestors_of_Avalon=Ancestors of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_TARDIS=Heart of TARDIS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Time_(novel)=Prime Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfsbane_(novel)=Wolfsbane (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_Princess=The Light Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instruments_of_Darkness=Instruments of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Broken_Things=Half-Broken Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psi-ence_Fiction=Psi-ence Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_Time_(novel)=Bullet Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_in_the_Glass=The Shadow in the Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(Darvill-Evans_novel)=Asylum (Darvill-Evans novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Petersburg=The Master of Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drift_(novel)=Drift (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relative_Dementias=Relative Dementias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Match_of_the_Day_(novel)=Match of the Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Story_of_the_Three_Little_Pigs=The True Story of the Three Little Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Hocky_Family!=The Happy Hocky Family!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Algebra_of_Ice=The Algebra of Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Hocky_Family_Moves_to_the_Country!=The Happy Hocky Family Moves to the Country!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mine_for_Keeps=Mine for Keeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eleventh_Tiger=The Eleventh Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Death=Empire of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Girls=Kiss the Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Reunion=Deadly Reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Betrayed=Among the Betrayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Osterman_Weekend=The Osterman Weekend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Day_(Darvill-Evans_novel)=Independence Day (Darvill-Evans novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Terror=The King of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_Crow_Flies_(novel)=As the Crow Flies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Orders=Last Orders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asimov's_Guide_to_Shakespeare=Asimov's Guide to Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guests_of_the_Ayatollah=Guests of the Ayatollah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quantum_Archangel=The Quantum Archangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunker_Soldiers=Bunker Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rags_(novel)=Rags (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superior_Beings=Superior Beings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_(novel)=Jurassic Park (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantium!=Byzantium!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suns_of_Caresh=The Suns of Caresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Boy_(memoir)=The Lost Boy (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawk_Eternal=The Hawk Eternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Balkans_Since_1453=The Balkans Since 1453
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_the_Alien_(novel)=Loving the Alien (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Box_(novel)=Blue Box (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_of_the_Dark_(novel)=Fear of the Dark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Little_Aliens=Ten Little Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Longer_Human=No Longer Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warmonger_(novel)=Warmonger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amorality_Tale=Amorality Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Red_Sun=Palace of the Red Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Barons=Among the Barons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Mercedes=The White Mercedes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguin_Encyclopedia_of_Horror_and_the_Supernatural=The Penguin Encyclopedia of Horror and the Supernatural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undercover_Economist=The Undercover Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Front_Runner=The Front Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bisexual_Option=The Bisexual Option
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pretext_for_War=A Pretext for War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godless:_The_Church_of_Liberalism=Godless: The Church of Liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N-Space_(short_story_collection)=N-Space (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transcendence_of_the_Ego=The Transcendence of the Ego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loveday_Loyalty=The Loveday Loyalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_the_Saint=Enter the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_Sam_Is_Dead=My Brother Sam Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micah_(novel)=Micah (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_New_Land=The Old New Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petals_on_the_Wind=Petals on the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_There_Be_Thorns=If There Be Thorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeds_of_Yesterday=Seeds of Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Evangelists=The Three Evangelists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_Shadows=Garden of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_Mercy_on_Us_All=Have Mercy on Us All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Book_(Rankin_novel)=The Black Book (Rankin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Boy_in_the_Girls'_Bathroom=There's a Boy in the Girls' Bathroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Lives=Three Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_Fire_(novel)=Man on Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_of_Dreams=Web of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(Andrews_novel)=Dawn (Andrews novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_Morning=Secrets of the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight's_Child=Twilight's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Whispers=Midnight Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knots_and_Crosses=Knots and Crosses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_Again_(novel)=To Live Again (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_of_Time=The River of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleep_of_Reason=The Sleep of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marnie=Marnie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadstone_Memorial=The Deadstone Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Slaughter=To the Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otherness_(book)=Otherness (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_(novel)=Psycho (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halflife_(Doctor_Who)=Halflife (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometime_Never...=Sometime Never...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotional_Chemistry=Emotional Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_(Cole_novel)=Timeless (Cole novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Resort_(Doctor_Who)=The Last Resort (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_Engineering=Reckless Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Domino_Effect_(novel)=The Domino Effect (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinity_Race=The Infinity Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Zero=Time Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Obscura_(novel)=Camera Obscura (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_101=History 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crooked_World=The Crooked World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_the_Still=The Book of the Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Futures=Trading Futures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Doctor_Who)=Hope (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_%22Hitler_Myth%22:_Image_and_Reality_in_the_Third_Reich=The "Hitler Myth": Image and Reality in the Third Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soft_City=Soft City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Seek_(Ian_Rankin_novel)=Hide and Seek (Ian Rankin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tooth_and_Nail_(novel)=Tooth and Nail (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strip_Jack=Strip Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(Chris_Van_Allsburg_book)=The Stranger (Chris Van Allsburg book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Causes=Mortal Causes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Bleed_(novel)=Let It Bleed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raskens=Raskens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Bello_Hispaniensi=De Bello Hispaniensi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Bello_Africo=De Bello Africo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_Blue_(Rankin_novel)=Black & Blue (Rankin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_(Kielland_novel)=Poison (Kielland novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Garden_(Rankin_novel)=The Hanging Garden (Rankin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Souls_(Rankin_novel)=Dead Souls (Rankin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_in_Darkness=Set in Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_Men=Resurrection Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_of_Blood=A Question of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dogs_and_Englishmen_(Doctor_Who)=Mad Dogs and Englishmen (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miscellaneous_Morsels_from_Youyang=Miscellaneous Morsels from Youyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falls_(Rankin_novel)=The Falls (Rankin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleshmarket_Close=Fleshmarket Close
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naming_of_the_Dead=The Naming of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hiding_Place_(biography)=The Hiding Place (biography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Evil=The Ultimate Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weir_of_Hermiston=Weir of Hermiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fair_Maid_of_Perth=The Fair Maid of Perth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_of_Geierstein=Anne of Geierstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peveril_of_the_Peak=Peveril of the Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Hunt_(novel)=Witch Hunt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Hearts=Bleeding Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventuress_of_Henrietta_Street=The Adventuress of Henrietta Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Hunt=Blood Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimm_Reality=Grimm Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Fact=Before the Fact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talented_Mr._Ripley=The Talented Mr. Ripley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gene_Wars_universe=The Gene Wars universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timewyrm:_Exodus=Timewyrm: Exodus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timewyrm:_Apocalypse=Timewyrm: Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timewyrm:_Revelation=Timewyrm: Revelation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternate_Realities_(Cherryh)=Alternate Realities (Cherryh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_an_Actor=Confessions of an Actor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farseekers=The Farseekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obernewtyn_(novel)=Obernewtyn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keeping_Place=The Keeping Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Windows=Secret Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_(novel)=The Eye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackfriars_of_Shrewsbury=The Blackfriars of Shrewsbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkfall_(Carmody_novel)=Darkfall (Carmody novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primal_Fear_(novel)=Primal Fear (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Skeleton_Key_to_Finnegans_Wake=A Skeleton Key to Finnegans Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managra=Managra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Down_Low=Beyond the Down Low
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor_of_Desire=The Professor of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_from_My_Father=Dreams from My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hero_(The_Saint)=The Last Hero (The Saint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner_Takes_All_(novel)=Winner Takes All (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Game=Devil's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Woman=The Naked Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_(Peel_novel)=Evolution (Peel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venusian_Lullaby=Venusian Lullaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Bucephalus=The Crystal Bucephalus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Change=State of Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_Crime=The Romance of Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennial_Rites=Millennial Rites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Storm=Lords of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Fusion_(novel)=Cold Fusion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Your_Life_(novel)=Time of Your Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_the_Code=Dancing the Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Menagerie_(novel)=The Menagerie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_Shock_(novel)=System Shock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorcerer's_Apprentice_(novel)=The Sorcerer's Apprentice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Cat-People=Invasion of the Cat-People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Velvet_Mask=The Man in the Velvet Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Way_of_Death=The English Way of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Giant=The Eye of the Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_of_Weng-Chiang=The Shadow of Weng-Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Gods_(Bulis_novel)=Twilight of the Gods (Bulis novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speed_of_Flight=Speed of Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plotters=The Plotters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Heart_(novel)=Burning Heart (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Device_of_Death=A Device of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Path_(novel)=The Dark Path (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Endings_(Doctor_Who)=Happy Endings (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forty_Thousand_in_Gehenna=Forty Thousand in Gehenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Also_People=The Also People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Station_Seventh_Grade=Space Station Seventh Grade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Begum's_Fortune=The Begum's Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/45_(book)=45 (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet_of_Yonwood=The Prophet of Yonwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Man's_War=Old Man's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Cradle:_Time's_Crucible=Cat's Cradle: Time's Crucible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Cradle:_Warhead=Cat's Cradle: Warhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat's_Cradle:_Witch_Mark=Cat's Cradle: Witch Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightshade_(Doctor_Who)=Nightshade (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_War_(Cornell_novel)=Love and War (Cornell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_(Aaronovitch_novel)=Transit (Aaronovitch novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highest_Science=The Highest Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Defense_of_Global_Capitalism=In Defense of Global Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pit_(Penswick_novel)=The Pit (Penswick novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deceit_(novel)=Deceit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Darkness=White Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_Rising_(novel)=Lucifer Rising (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowmind=Shadowmind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Heat=Blood Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dimension_Riders=The Dimension Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left-Handed_Hummingbird=The Left-Handed Hummingbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conundrum_(Lyons_novel)=Conundrum (Lyons novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Future_(Doctor_Who_novel)=No Future (Doctor Who novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragedy_Day=Tragedy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(Doctor_Who)=Legacy (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatre_of_War_(novel)=Theatre of War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_England=Strange England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Frontier=First Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_the_Shadow_(novel)=Falls the Shadow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Anthony's_Fire_(novel)=St Anthony's Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parasite_(Doctor_Who)=Parasite (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(Doctor_Who_novel)=Warlock (Doctor Who novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_Piece_(novel)=Set Piece (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Requiem=Infinite Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_(Doctor_Who_novel)=Sanctuary (Doctor Who novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Waterloo_(novel)=Sharpe's Waterloo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Pirates!=Sky Pirates!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zamper=Zamper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toy_Soldiers_(novel)=Toy Soldiers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warchild_(Doctor_Who_novel)=Warchild (Doctor Who novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Games_(Doctor_Who)=Head Games (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_(novel)=Sleepy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_Diplomacy=Death and Diplomacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GodEngine=GodEngine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Art=The Death of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Living_Dad=Return of the Living Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_on_a_Rational_Planet=Christmas on a Rational Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Room_with_No_Doors=The Room with No Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_Weeps=Eternity Weeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Therapy=Bad Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Vile_a_Sin=So Vile a Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Gods_(Clapham_and_Miller_novel)=Twilight of the Gods (Clapham and Miller novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Seventh_Dwarf=Artemis Fowl: The Seventh Dwarf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piano_Teacher_(Jelinek_novel)=The Piano Teacher (Jelinek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Weekend_(novel)=The Lost Weekend (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_to_the_Belt=Devil to the Belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_the_Dead_(novel)=The City of the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bodysnatchers_(novel)=The Bodysnatchers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Progeny=Dark Progeny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genocide_(novel)=Genocide (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Daleks=War of the Daleks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slow_Empire=The Slow Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Intelligent_Tigers=The Year of Intelligent Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Bodies=Alien Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_Man:_Murder_and_Injustice_in_a_Small_Town=The Innocent Man: Murder and Injustice in a Small Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kursaal_(novel)=Kursaal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Option_Lock=Option Lock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eater_of_Wasps=Eater of Wasps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Point_(Doctor_Who)=Vanishing Point (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Delusion=The God Delusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/EarthWorld=EarthWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_Wealth=Revolutionary Wealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_Velocity_(Doctor_Who)=Escape Velocity (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Time_(Doctor_Who)=Father Time (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Ride_Pegasus=To Ride Pegasus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(Doctor_Who)=Endgame (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turing_Test_(novel)=The Turing Test (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualties_of_War_(novel)=Casualties of War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_(novel)=The Burning (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banquo_Legacy=The Banquo Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Space_Age=The Space Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldheart_(novel)=Coldheart (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doll_(novel)=The Doll (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longest_Day=Longest Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_the_Daleks=Legacy of the Daleks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamstone_Moon=Dreamstone Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_I=Seeing I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placebo_Effect_(novel)=Placebo Effect (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Yquatine=The Fall of Yquatine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someday_Angeline=Someday Angeline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadows_of_Avalon=The Shadows of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_59=Parallel 59
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanderdeken's_Children=Vanderdeken's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Empress_(novel)=The Scarlet Empress (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Angel_(novel)=The Blue Angel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janus_Conjunction=The Janus Conjunction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Worlds=Frontier Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beltempest=Beltempest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face-Eater=The Face-Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Planet_5=The Taking of Planet 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taint=The Taint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demontage=Demontage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_Man=Revolution Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_(Walters_novel)=Dominion (Walters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_History_(novel)=Unnatural History (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Mist=Autumn Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_Paper=The People of Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Featuring_the_Saint=Featuring the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Leave_(de_Larrabeiti)=French Leave (de Larrabeiti)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redwater_Raid=The Redwater Raid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rose_Beyond_the_Thames=A Rose Beyond the Thames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bunce=The Bunce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_Takes=The Hollywood Takes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alias_the_Saint=Alias the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Was_a_Lady=She Was a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronze_God_of_Rhodes=The Bronze God of Rhodes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_the_Queen=Saving the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stained_Glass_(novel)=Stained Glass (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Work_(King_novel)=Night Work (King novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Child=With Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Moth=The Black Moth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Play_the_Fool=To Play the Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Detection=The Art of Detection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monstrous_Regiment_of_Women=A Monstrous Regiment of Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_of_Mary=A Letter of Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolute_Zero_(novel)=Absolute Zero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Terror_(The_Saint)=The Holy Terror (The Saint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getaway_(The_Saint)=Getaway (The Saint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_More_the_Saint=Once More the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Fools_(Stone_novel)=Ship of Fools (Stone novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_(novel)=Down (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadfall_(novel)=Deadfall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Devices=Ghost Devices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempest_(Bulis_novel)=Tempest (Bulis novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Streets_(Dicks_novel)=Mean Streets (Dicks novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblivion_(Stone_novel)=Oblivion (Stone novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Effect=The Medusa Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Pilgrimage=Dry Pilgrimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Forever=The Sword of Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Girl,_Another_Planet_(novel)=Another Girl, Another Planet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beige_Planet_Mars=Beige Planet Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Angels_Fear=Where Angels Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mary-Sue_Extrusion=The Mary-Sue Extrusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Romance=Dead Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_the_Oracle=Tears of the Oracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Fractured_Planet=Return to the Fractured Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_Device=The Joy Device
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpent's_Reach=Serpent's Reach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brighter_Buccaneer=The Brighter Buccaneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Misfortunes_of_Mr._Teal=The Misfortunes of Mr. Teal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Elephant_for_Aristotle=An Elephant for Aristotle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boodle_(The_Saint)=Boodle (The Saint)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Goes_On=The Saint Goes On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billiards_at_Half-past_Nine=Billiards at Half-past Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Little_Australians=Seven Little Australians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contingency,_Hegemony,_Universality=Contingency, Hegemony, Universality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalingrad_(book)=Stalingrad (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Time_in_St._Cloud=Killing Time in St. Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Express_(book)=Midnight Express (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_Moon=Around the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ace_of_Knaves=The Ace of Knaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves'_Picnic=Thieves' Picnic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Neskaya=The Fall of Neskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_for_War=Prelude for War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Tune=The Devil's Tune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Never_Smiles=The King Never Smiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor's_Wife_(Ariyoshi_novel)=The Doctor's Wife (Ariyoshi novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Saint=Follow the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Highwayman=The Happy Highwayman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_Miami=The Saint in Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Goes_West=The Saint Goes West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturnin_(novel)=Saturnin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Dog=The Day of the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Steps_In=The Saint Steps In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_on_Guard=The Saint on Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Sees_it_Through=The Saint Sees it Through
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_for_the_Saint=Call for the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throat_Sprockets=Throat Sprockets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Errant=Saint Errant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_Europe=The Saint in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_on_the_Spanish_Main=The Saint on the Spanish Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Around_the_World=The Saint Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanks_to_the_Saint=Thanks to the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hex_(novel)=Hex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardy_Boys_Detective_Handbook=The Hardy Boys Detective Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_80s:_A_Look_Back_at_the_Tumultuous_Decade_1980-1989=The 80s: A Look Back at the Tumultuous Decade 1980-1989
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desecration_(novel)=Desecration (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Regime_(novel)=The Regime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rimrunners=Rimrunners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchanter's_Luck=Merchanter's Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_to_the_Rescue=The Saint to the Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoint_(novel)=Tripoint (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finity's_End=Finity's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_the_Saint=Trust the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_the_Sun=The Saint in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuk_(novel)=Vuk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glide_Path=Glide Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enrique's_Journey=Enrique's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kira-Kira=Kira-Kira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Anthropologist_on_Mars=An Anthropologist on Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_(novel)=Eternity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draconomicon=Draconomicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Organon_of_the_Healing_Art=The Organon of the Healing Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Stories_of_an_Antiquary=Ghost Stories of an Antiquary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_on_TV=The Saint on TV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_of_Them=The Two of Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Returns=The Saint Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_and_the_Fiction_Makers=The Saint and the Fiction Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_Abroad=The Saint Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_Pursuit=The Saint in Pursuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zanzibar_Cat=The Zanzibar Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Side_of_the_Moon=The Hidden Side of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_of_the_Ishtar_Gate=The Dragon of the Ishtar Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Equinox=The Blue Equinox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Trees=Lord of the Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_End=Never End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_and_the_People_Importers=The Saint and the People Importers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_the_Saint=Catch the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkabout_(novel)=Walkabout (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_and_the_Hapsburg_Necklace=The Saint and the Hapsburg Necklace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locked_Rooms=Locked Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towards_the_End_of_the_Morning=Towards the End of the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_(Maguire_novel)=Lost (Maguire novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Tales_(Terry_Jones_book)=Fairy Tales (Terry Jones book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_for_the_Saint=Send for the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_in_Trouble=The Saint in Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_and_the_Templar_Treasure=The Saint and the Templar Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_on_the_Saint=Count on the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvage_for_the_Saint=Salvage for the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capture_the_Saint=Capture the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_People_Fell=When the People Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Life_(novel)=Half-Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interesting_Narrative_of_the_Life_of_Olaudah_Equiano=The Interesting Narrative of the Life of Olaudah Equiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Londonstani=Londonstani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whole_New_Mind=A Whole New Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freckles_(novel)=Freckles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_World_of_Og=The Secret World of Og
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Bear=The Fourth Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ordeal_of_Gilbert_Pinfold=The Ordeal of Gilbert Pinfold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_a_Christian_Nation=Letter to a Christian Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insatiability=Insatiability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ealdwood=Ealdwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreamstone_(novel)=The Dreamstone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Swords_and_Jewels=The Tree of Swords and Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charnel_Prince=The Charnel Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetest_Fig=The Sweetest Fig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modesty_Blaise_(novel)=Modesty Blaise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabre-Tooth=Sabre-Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taste_for_Death_(Modesty_Blaise)=A Taste for Death (Modesty Blaise)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impossible_Virgin=The Impossible Virgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Day_in_Limbo=Last Day in Limbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Claw=Dragon's Claw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Xanadu_Talisman=The Xanadu Talisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_Morningstar=The Night of Morningstar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Handle=Dead Man's Handle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Maggs=Jack Maggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Reflection=The Final Reflection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_(novel)=Junior (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_on_Adler=The Book on Adler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Kennedy=Who Killed Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_Adam=The Gospel According to Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race,_Evolution,_and_Behavior=Race, Evolution, and Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Geese_(Mori_novel)=The Wild Geese (Mori novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Woman=A Certain Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_First_Death=After the First Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Lun_Dun=Un Lun Dun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutineers'_Moon=Mutineers' Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan:_The_Epic_Adventures=Tarzan: The Epic Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keeper_of_the_Isis_Light=The Keeper of the Isis Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Thing_He_Wanted=The Last Thing He Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conundrum_(Dragonlance_novel)=Conundrum (Dragonlance novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo's_Egg=Cuckoo's Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lioness_(novel)=The Lioness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Thane=Dark Thane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampirates:_Demons_of_the_Ocean=Vampirates: Demons of the Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spin_(novel)=Spin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosquitoes_(novel)=Mosquitoes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_Is_the_Key=Fear Is the Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borkmann's_Point=Borkmann's Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Franklin's_Island=Dr. Franklin's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Survivor=Memoirs of a Survivor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twenty-Seventh_City=The Twenty-Seventh City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bancroft_Strategy=The Bancroft Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallelities=Parallelities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_and_Amber=Glass and Amber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Donkey=The Silver Donkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_in_the_USSA=Back in the USSA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motel_Life=The Motel Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hammer_and_the_Cross=The Hammer and the Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hippopotamus_Pool=The Hippopotamus Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_Gallantry=Ode to Gallantry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Book_...of_Perfectly_Useless_Information=That Book ...of Perfectly Useless Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Goblin=The Mad Goblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Dreams_May_Come=What Dreams May Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbey_Series=Abbey Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_It's_My_Turn=Now It's My Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peacekeepers=The Peacekeepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Zone=Strike Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlotte_Gray_(novel)=Charlotte Gray (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Communicative_Action=The Theory of Communicative Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Light=Dragons of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackrock_(play)=Blackrock (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Circle:_The_Complete_Edition=Suicide Circle: The Complete Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betsey_Brown=Betsey Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrageous_Betrayal=Outrageous Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Kendrick_Abbott=Belle Kendrick Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Mind_(book)=A Beautiful Mind (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Or_Die_Trying=Or Die Trying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Q_&_A_(novel)=Q & A (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wash_This_Blood_Clean_from_My_Hand=Wash This Blood Clean from My Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Listener_(novel)=The Night Listener (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Wind=The Golden Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arrangement_(novel)=The Arrangement (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_and_Circle=District and Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Log_from_the_Sea_of_Cortez=The Log from the Sea of Cortez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_McCartney:_Many_Years_from_Now=Paul McCartney: Many Years from Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animator's_Survival_Kit=The Animator's Survival Kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodsmen_of_the_West=Woodsmen of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Dreaming=The Art of Dreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Silk_and_Cyanide=Between Silk and Cyanide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Unicorn=The Last Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coal_Question=The Coal Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn_Ferguson=Marilyn Ferguson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Career_Guide_to_Industries=Career Guide to Industries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outpost_(Resnick_novel)=The Outpost (Resnick novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diplomatic_Immunity_(novel)=Diplomatic Immunity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_and_the_Prophecy_of_Bane=Gregor and the Prophecy of Bane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_and_the_Curse_of_the_Warmbloods=Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregor_and_the_Marks_of_Secret=Gregor and the Marks of Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_Master=The Beast Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan_Speaks!=Satan Speaks!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacred_Art_of_Stealing=The Sacred Art of Stealing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poodle_Springs=Poodle Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Type_One_Super_Robot=The Type One Super Robot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Whispers_and_Lies=Horse Whispers and Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyssinian=The Abyssinian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_Z=World War Z
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Electronic_Revolution=The Electronic Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Insight:_Holding_the_Vision=The Tenth Insight: Holding the Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_of_Isis=The Guardian of Isis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Isis_Pedlar=The Isis Pedlar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakdown:_How_America's_Intelligence_Failures_Led_to_September_11=Breakdown: How America's Intelligence Failures Led to September 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling=The Howling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Becoming_Baby_Wise=On Becoming Baby Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postmodernism,_or,_the_Cultural_Logic_of_Late_Capitalism=Postmodernism, or, the Cultural Logic of Late Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Panda's_Thumb_(book)=The Panda's Thumb (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flamingo's_Smile=The Flamingo's Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Urchin_in_the_Storm=An Urchin in the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Little_Piggies=Eight Little Piggies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broom_of_the_System=The Broom of the System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foot_Book=The Foot Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Brown_Can_Moo!_Can_You%3F=Mr. Brown Can Moo! Can You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disowned_Self=The Disowned Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_a_Large_Cat=Seeing a Large Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parched_Sea=The Parched Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Greyhawk_Gazetteer=Living Greyhawk Gazetteer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Uncle_Napoleon=My Uncle Napoleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Fish:_A_Novel_of_Mythic_Proportions=Big Fish: A Novel of Mythic Proportions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Ranger_and_Tonto_Fistfight_in_Heaven=The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Man_No._89=Unknown Man No. 89
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao_Tse-tung:_Ruler_of_Red_China=Mao Tse-tung: Ruler of Red China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facing_the_Flag=Facing the Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Black_Stump=Beyond the Black Stump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Devil=Sleeping with the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Machine=The War Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_in_the_Chariot=Riders in the Chariot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergdorf_Blondes=Bergdorf Blondes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(Rider_Haggard_novel)=Cleopatra (Rider Haggard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Wind_Blows_(James_Patterson_novel)=When the Wind Blows (James Patterson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blades_of_the_Tiger=Blades of the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acquainted_with_the_Night_(book)=Acquainted with the Night (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelock's_Latin=Wheelock's Latin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memos_from_Purgatory=Memos from Purgatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_Colour_to_the_Blind=Like Colour to the Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellevision=Sellevision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Chandler_Speaking=Raymond Chandler Speaking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle_(novel)=The Riddle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mocking_Program=The Mocking Program
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Swappers=The World Swappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_House:_The_Spread_of_Excellence_from_Plato_to_Darwin=Full House: The Spread of Excellence from Plato to Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_Sphinx=The Martian Sphinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double,_Double_(Brunner_novel)=Double, Double (Brunner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinitive_of_Go=The Infinitive of Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inca_Gold=Inca Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla_Rising_(novel)=Valhalla Rising (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Period_Piece_(book)=Period Piece (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom,_I_Need_to_be_a_Girl=Mom, I Need to be a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Worlds:_New_Millennium=War of the Worlds: New Millennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Energy._Lana=Wild Energy. Lana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_(Armstrong_novel)=Stolen (Armstrong novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Industrial_Magic=Industrial Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Hell_Gate=Operation Hell Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_(Armstrong_novel)=Haunted (Armstrong novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaotic_(novella)=Chaotic (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_(Armstrong_novel)=Broken (Armstrong novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beastly=Beastly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_War:_Walk_in_Hell=The Great War: Walk in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Empire:_The_Victorious_Opposition=American Empire: The Victorious Opposition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'd_Tell_You_I_Love_You,_But_Then_I'd_Have_to_Kill_You=I'd Tell You I Love You, But Then I'd Have to Kill You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_over_to_My_House=Come over to My House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Eden_(novel)=Return to Eden (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_World_War:_The_Untold_Story=The Third World War: The Untold Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonel:_The_King_of_the_Cats=Carbonel: The King of the Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Gotta_Get_out_of_This_Place:_Popular_Conservatism_and_Postmodern_Culture=We Gotta Get out of This Place: Popular Conservatism and Postmodern Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_Out=The Voyage Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad's_Fate=Conrad's Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spadework=Spadework
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Gold_Hearts=Bitter Gold Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Copper_Tears=Cold Copper Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Tin_Sorrows=Old Tin Sorrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dread_Brass_Shadows=Dread Brass Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Quicksilver_Lies=Deadly Quicksilver Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faded_Steel_Heat=Faded Steel Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Lead_Skies=Angry Lead Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilgrims_of_Rayne=The Pilgrims of Rayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_(Stein_novel)=The Magician (Stein novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tex_(novel)=Tex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_to_Last:_Successful_Habits_of_Visionary_Companies=Built to Last: Successful Habits of Visionary Companies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Heaven_Fell=When Heaven Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unaccompanied_Sonata_and_Other_Stories=Unaccompanied Sonata and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coots_in_the_North=Coots in the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Together_(book)=Together (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sheep_(novel)=Black Sheep (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inconstant_Star=Inconstant Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_in_50=50 in 50
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogiepop_Returns:_VS_Imaginator_Part_1=Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Love_(novel)=The Devil in Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Omega=Doctor Omega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovemark=Lovemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Company_(novel)=The Black Company (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Rose_(Cook_novel)=The White Rose (Cook novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_Steel=Dreams of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_Seasons=Bleak Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Is_the_Darkness=She Is the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Death_Do_Us_Part_(McDaniel_novel)=Till Death Do Us Part (McDaniel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Watch=Twilight Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanted_for_Murder=Wanted for Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Camomile_Lawn=The Camomile Lawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yeshiva=The Yeshiva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Citizen=Death of a Citizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Hard_Road_Out_of_Hell=The Long Hard Road Out of Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_in_the_Andes=Miracle in the Andes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_the_Midnight_Plane=Murder on the Midnight Plane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Centurions_(novel)=The New Centurions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Crossings=Rough Crossings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consent_to_Kill=Consent to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Keywords=New Keywords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_the_Man=To Be the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrecking_Crew_(novel)=The Wrecking Crew (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faery_in_Shadow=Faery in Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartacus_(Fast_novel)=Spartacus (Fast novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_the_Black_Wyrm=Trail of the Black Wyrm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAZE:_Solve_the_World's_Most_Challenging_Puzzle=MAZE: Solve the World's Most Challenging Puzzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_of_Earth=Brothers of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_of_Worlds=Hunter of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manservant_and_Maidservant=Manservant and Maidservant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_and_Its_Head=A House and Its Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sara_Payne:_A_Mother's_Story=Sara Payne: A Mother's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Belly_of_the_Green_Bird=In the Belly of the Green Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Weeks_with_the_Queen=Two Weeks with the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tactics_of_Mistake=Tactics of Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Master's_Voice_(novel)=His Master's Voice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil's_All_Fright_Diner=Gil's All Fright Diner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armageddon_Inheritance=The Armageddon Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Life!_(novel)=What a Life! (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hestia_(novel)=Hestia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Lucifer_(Duncan_novel)=I, Lucifer (Duncan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon_at_the_Portal=The Falcon at the Portal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Shall_Thunder_in_the_Sky=He Shall Thunder in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Happenings:_Weird_Tales_of_Science_Fiction_and_the_Supernatural=Strange Happenings: Weird Tales of Science Fiction and the Supernatural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Petal_and_the_White=The Crimson Petal and the White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paladin=The Paladin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seeing_Stone=The Seeing Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_with_Curious_Hair=Girl with Curious Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Gloamglozer=The Curse of the Gloamglozer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alanna:_The_First_Adventure=Alanna: The First Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Hand_of_the_Goddess=In the Hand of the Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Who_Rides_Like_a_Man=The Woman Who Rides Like a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lioness_Rampant=Lioness Rampant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletch_(novel)=Fletch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Random_Walk_Down_Wall_Street=A Random Walk Down Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bump_in_the_Night_(novel)=Bump in the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosmic_Puppets=The Cosmic Puppets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beasts_and_Super-Beasts=Beasts and Super-Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf-Speaker=Wolf-Speaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Mage=Emperor Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Realms_of_the_Gods=The Realms of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racism_Explained_to_My_Daughter=Racism Explained to My Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_on_the_Stars=Shadows on the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Removers=The Removers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ennin's_Diary:_The_Record_of_a_Pilgrimage_to_China_in_Search_of_the_Law=Ennin's Diary: The Record of a Pilgrimage to China in Search of the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Psychic=Miami Psychic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Heart_(novel)=The Lazarus Heart (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amongst_Women=Amongst Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matter_(novel)=Matter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Levee=Lords of the Levee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transdimensional_Teenage_Mutant_Ninja_Turtles=Transdimensional Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Snatchers=The Body Snatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devlin's_Luck=Devlin's Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Pilgrim=The Secret Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danse_Macabre_(novel)=Danse Macabre (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cutting_Edge_(novel)=The Cutting Edge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Little_Wizards=Ten Little Wizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Study_in_Sorcery=A Study in Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_the_World=Learning the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Zelda:_Hyrule_Historia=The Legend of Zelda: Hyrule Historia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernard_the_Brave=Bernard the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwar:_In_the_Balance=Worldwar: In the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Canto_(novel)=Bel Canto (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theft:_A_Love_Story=Theft: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_(novel)=Sarah (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singer_of_All_Songs=The Singer of All Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iracema=Iracema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waterless_Sea=The Waterless Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Investment_Guide_You'll_Ever_Need=The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albion's_Seed=Albion's Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruins_of_Gorlan=The Ruins of Gorlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Bridge=The Burning Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Wine=The Last of the Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancient_Economy=The Ancient Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwar:_Tilting_the_Balance=Worldwar: Tilting the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Silent=Lord of the Silent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_One=The Golden One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Storm=Children of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_of_the_Horizon=Guardian of the Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent_on_the_Crown=The Serpent on the Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomb_of_the_Golden_Bird=Tomb of the Golden Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitch_and_Amy=Mitch and Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_the_Brave=Ramona the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Return_to_Love=A Return to Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caine_Mutiny=The Caine Mutiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Tina=I, Tina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Droppings=Brain Droppings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Dictionary_of_Islam=The Oxford Dictionary of Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olympos_(novel)=Olympos (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Morning_Ever_Comes=If Morning Ever Comes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteen_Problems=The Thirteen Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_and_Her_Father=Ramona and Her Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_and_Her_Mother=Ramona and Her Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Tebbits=Ellen Tebbits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Casualty=The First Casualty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kermit_the_Hermit=Kermit the Hermit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watsons=The Watsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1901_(novel)=1901 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Akhenaten_Adventure=The Akhenaten Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Night_Kitchen=In the Night Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Patty_Went_to_College=When Patty Went to College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conqueror_Worms=The Conqueror Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aelita_(novel)=Aelita (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizardborn=Wizardborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lair_of_Bones=The Lair of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwar:_Upsetting_the_Balance=Worldwar: Upsetting the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldwar:_Striking_the_Balance=Worldwar: Striking the Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Earth's_Core_(novel)=At the Earth's Core (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Ellen_Rimbauer:_My_Life_at_Rose_Red=The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masud_Rana=Masud Rana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whole_Internet_User's_Guide_and_Catalog=Whole Internet User's Guide and Catalog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother's_Keeper_(Sheffield_novel)=My Brother's Keeper (Sheffield novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_in_the_Hollow_Oak=The Message in the Hollow Oak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Imperfection=Perfect Imperfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Brave=Among the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Rose=The Stone Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Peabody's_Egypt=Amelia Peabody's Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moor_(novel)=The Moor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Saucers_from_Outer_Space=Flying Saucers from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Jerusalem_(novel)=O Jerusalem (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumper_(novel)=Jumper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rant_(novel)=Rant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_on_the_Hill_(novel)=Fool on the Hill (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Question_and_Answer_(novel)=Question and Answer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Enemy=Among the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Free=Among the Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stroke_of_Midnight=A Stroke of Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seduced_by_Moonlight=Seduced by Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Caress_of_Twilight=A Caress of Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kiss_of_Shadows=A Kiss of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistral's_Kiss=Mistral's Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_(novel)=Journey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_the_Mind=Shadows of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Parts_(book)=Private Parts (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hear_the_Wind_Sing=Hear the Wind Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cousin_Rachel=My Cousin Rachel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transport_Phenomena_(book)=Transport Phenomena (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dialectic_of_Sex=The Dialectic of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolt_on_Alpha_C=Revolt on Alpha C
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outcasts_of_19_Schuyler_Place=The Outcasts of 19 Schuyler Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_of_Gaia=The Revenge of Gaia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Captains=The Two Captains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Dave=The Book of Dave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_(novel)=Out (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Yelnats'_Survival_Guide_to_Camp_Green_Lake=Stanley Yelnats' Survival Guide to Camp Green Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adverbs_(novel)=Adverbs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_of_Asher_Lev=The Gift of Asher Lev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davita's_Harp=Davita's Harp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Loathing_in_Las_Vegas=Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Price=The Bride Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_I_Need_to_Know_about_Filmmaking_I_Learned_from_the_Toxic_Avenger=All I Need to Know about Filmmaking I Learned from the Toxic Avenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sculpting_in_Time=Sculpting in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapon_(novel)=Weapon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4th_of_July_(novel)=4th of July (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Hangman=The Year of the Hangman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muses_Are_Heard=The Muses Are Heard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faiths_of_the_Founding_Fathers=The Faiths of the Founding Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qijian_Xia_Tianshan=Qijian Xia Tianshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perl_Cookbook=Perl Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubrovsky_(novel)=Dubrovsky (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gather_Yourselves_Together=Gather Yourselves Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_from_the_Street=Voices from the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Professor's_House=The Professor's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_and_the_Giant=Mary and the Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_for_George_Stavros=A Time for George Stavros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_at_the_World's_End=The Well at the World's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Bubble=The Broken Bubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Octagonal_Raven=The Octagonal Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puttering_About_in_a_Small_Land=Puttering About in a Small Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholas_and_the_Higs=Nicholas and the Higs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Space_Vampires=The Space Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faiths_and_Pantheons=Faiths and Pantheons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_(novel)=Marooned (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Island_Earth_(novel)=This Island Earth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_After_Time_(Alexander_novel)=Time After Time (Alexander novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cellarful_of_Noise=A Cellarful of Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clockwise_Man=The Clockwise Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gang_That_Couldn't_Shoot_Straight=The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edenborn=Edenborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Jokes_and_Beer=Dirty Jokes and Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutinama=Tutinama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inkdeath=Inkdeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Djinn_of_Babylon=The Blue Djinn of Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dicey's_Song=Dicey's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gathering_of_Days=A Gathering of Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Visit_to_William_Blake's_Inn=A Visit to William Blake's Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Juan_de_Pareja=I, Juan de Pareja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M._C._Higgins,_the_Great=M. C. Higgins, the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronze_Bow=The Bronze Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...And_Now_Miguel=...And Now Miguel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Fortune,_Free_Man=Amos Fortune, Free Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Wind=King of the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabbit_Hill=Rabbit Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_of_the_Road=Adam of the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Boone_(book)=Daniel Boone (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Stag=The White Stag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roller_Skates=Roller Skates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_Louisa=Invincible Louisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Fu_of_the_Upper_Yangtze=Young Fu of the Upper Yangtze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Went_to_Heaven=The Cat Who Went to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Neck,_the_Story_of_a_Pigeon=Gay Neck, the Story of a Pigeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimson_Joy=Crimson Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearing_an_Hourglass=Bearing an Hourglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_a_Tangled_Skein=With a Tangled Skein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielding_a_Red_Sword=Wielding a Red Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_a_Green_Mother=Being a Green Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_of_Evil=For Love of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Eternity=And Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_of_the_Saints=Lives of the Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monsters_Inside=The Monsters Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edison's_Conquest_of_Mars=Edison's Conquest of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hawk=The Last Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stealers_of_Dreams=The Stealers of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Turn_Unstoned=No Turn Unstoned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughable_Loves=Laughable Loves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Deer=People of the Deer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_33_Strategies_of_War=The 33 Strategies of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_Storm=Leaf Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Old_Captivity=An Old Captivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Problem_from_Hell=A Problem from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feast_of_the_Drowned=The Feast of the Drowned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resurrection_Casket=The Resurrection Casket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Dalek=I Am a Dalek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Checkerboard=Golden Checkerboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joris_of_the_Rock=Joris of the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_in_2020=The War in 2020
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Serenity=Finding Serenity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_and_the_Lodge=The Temple and the Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerfalcon_(novel)=Gerfalcon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shy_Leopardess=Shy Leopardess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistle_(novel)=Whistle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geek_Chic=Geek Chic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hello,_Goodbye_Window=The Hello, Goodbye Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitten's_First_Full_Moon=Kitten's First Full Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officer_Buckle_and_Gloria=Officer Buckle and Gloria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Excellency:_George_Washington=His Excellency: George Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl,_the_Gold_Watch_&_Everything=The Girl, the Gold Watch & Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chaneysville_Incident=The Chaneysville Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Stranger_Tides=On Stranger Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Long_Way=A Long Long Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skybreaker=Skybreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Live_Now=How I Live Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbital_Resonance_(novel)=Orbital Resonance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taronga=Taronga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Her_Face=Cover Her Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Encyclopedia=Star Wars Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Buildings_Learn=How Buildings Learn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Willow,_Sleeping_Woman=Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_(novella)=The Brothers (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_of_the_Pigeons=Wizard of the Pigeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Walter_Dean_Myers_novel)=Monster (Walter Dean Myers novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odds_On=Odds On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Lights,_Big_City_(novel)=Bright Lights, Big City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sinner_(Gerritsen_novel)=The Sinner (Gerritsen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Betrayal=The Bourne Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedomland_(novel)=Freedomland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Rider=Green Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandry's_Book=Sandry's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maracot_Deep=The Maracot Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_(novella)=Carmen (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Blood_(novel)=Flesh and Blood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Robe=Black Robe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Alibrandi_(novel)=Looking for Alibrandi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_You're_Barmy=Ginger You're Barmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vote_for_Larry=Vote for Larry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blunderer=The Blunderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_Larry=The Gospel According to Larry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wholeness_and_the_Implicate_Order=Wholeness and the Implicate Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Land=The Purple Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amigos_(play)=Amigos (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_(Richter_novel)=The Town (Richter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tris's_Book=Tris's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Were_Strong_and_Good=They Were Strong and Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_the_Phoenix=David and the Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala_onda=Mala onda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_for_Radicals=Rules for Radicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Icebound_Land=The Icebound Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Common_Law=The Common Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inscrutable_Americans=The Inscrutable Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Authoritarian_Personality=The Authoritarian Personality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scratch_One=Scratch One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Go=Easy Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bin_Laden:_The_Man_Who_Declared_War_on_America=Bin Laden: The Man Who Declared War on America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quit_Digging_Your_Grave_with_a_Knife_and_Fork=Quit Digging Your Grave with a Knife and Fork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman_Animated=Batman Animated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Housekeeping_vs._The_Dirt=Housekeeping vs. The Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jim_Button_and_Luke_the_Engine_Driver=Jim Button and Luke the Engine Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Acceptable_Time=An Acceptable Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_Quimby,_Age_8=Ramona Quimby, Age 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Confidentiel=L.A. Confidentiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lament_for_a_Nation=Lament for a Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalyst_(novel)=Catalyst (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quincunx_of_Time=The Quincunx of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_(novel)=East (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Premonitions_(novel)=Premonitions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic's_Pawn=Magic's Pawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula's_Guest_and_Other_Weird_Stories=Dracula's Guest and Other Weird Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_on_the_Chosen=The Curse on the Chosen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flanimals_of_the_Deep=Flanimals of the Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_with_a_Horn_(novel)=Young Man with a Horn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheels_of_Chance=The Wheels of Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_and_Power=Energy and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engines_(children's_book)=Engines (children's book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_(science_book)=Elephant (science book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_and_Power=Man and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_and_His_Great_Discovery=Darwin and His Great Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Dinosaur=The Day of the Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arrows_of_Hercules=The Arrows of Hercules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heroic_Age_of_American_Invention=The Heroic Age of American Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Game=Berlin Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Victorian_Holocausts=Late Victorian Holocausts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Sexual_Ecstasy=The Art of Sexual Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firefight_at_Yechon=Firefight at Yechon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Rider's_Call=First Rider's Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Holly_Lane=The Mystery of Holly Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancient_Engineers=The Ancient Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Ruins_and_Archaeology=Ancient Ruins and Archaeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothea_Dreams=Dorothea Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishad_Shindhu=Bishad Shindhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Red_Rivers=Blood Red Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sand_Pebbles=The Sand Pebbles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_Classification_Manual=Crime Classification Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elusive_Isabel=Elusive Isabel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_East_88th_Street=The House on East 88th Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diet_for_a_Small_Planet=Diet for a Small Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Willing_Executioners=Hitler's Willing Executioners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance:_The_True_Story_of_an_Israeli_Counter-Terrorist_Team=Vengeance: The True Story of an Israeli Counter-Terrorist Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona_Forever=Ramona Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Mage=Forest Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentagon_(novel)=Pentagon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Science_in_America=The Story of Science in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirits,_Stars,_and_Spells=Spirits, Stars, and Spells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ragged_Edge_of_Science=The Ragged Edge of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jessica_(novel)=Jessica (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lautlos_wie_sein_Schatten=Lautlos wie sein Schatten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seldom_Disappointed=Seldom Disappointed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witness_for_the_Prosecution_and_Other_Stories=The Witness for the Prosecution and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook's_Curse=The Spook's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook's_Secret=The Spook's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_Haven=Prisoner of Haven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Adventures_of_Rangergirl=The Strange Adventures of Rangergirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Blind_Mice_and_Other_Stories=Three Blind Mice and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Cities_of_the_Ancient_World=Great Cities of the Ancient World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Discus=The Devil's Discus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Albino's_Dancer=The Albino's Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Zodiac=Short Trips: Zodiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabinet_of_Light=The Cabinet of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Confessions_of_Adrian_Albert_Mole=The True Confessions of Adrian Albert Mole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Indian_Novel=The Great Indian Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Under_Dog_and_Other_Stories=The Under Dog and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quid_(encyclopedia)=Quid (encyclopedia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sissyphobia:_Gay_Men_and_Effeminate_Behavior=Sissyphobia: Gay Men and Effeminate Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaborator_(novel)=Collaborator (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Companions=Short Trips: Companions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancer_from_the_Dance=Dancer from the Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Farewells=Short Trips: Farewells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insult=The Insult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacies_(novel)=Legacies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracies_(novel)=Conspiracies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winning_Side=The Winning Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Rage_(novel)=All the Rage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hosts_(novel)=Hosts (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Shock_(novella)=Shell Shock (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Weather_(Sterling_novel)=Heavy Weather (Sterling novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Among_Sequels=First Among Sequels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalin:_A_Biography=Stalin: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Runaways=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Runaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Air=The Haunted Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateways_(novel)=Gateways (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infernal_(novel)=Infernal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbingers_(novel)=Harbingers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_The_Centenarian=Short Trips: The Centenarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_The_History_of_Christmas=Short Trips: The History of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keep_(Wilson_novel)=The Keep (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_The_Solar_System=Short Trips: The Solar System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_A_Day_in_the_Life=Short Trips: A Day in the Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Seven_Deadly_Sins=Short Trips: Seven Deadly Sins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Tiger=Meet the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Good_Place_(Oldenburg)=The Great Good Place (Oldenburg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reborn_(novel)=Reborn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightworld_(novel)=Nightworld (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keep_(comics)=The Keep (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boogiepop_Returns:_VS_Imaginator_Part_2=Boogiepop Returns: VS Imaginator Part 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_2040=Short Trips: 2040
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Monsters=Short Trips: Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Repercussions=Short Trips: Repercussions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Life_Science=Short Trips: Life Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasures_of_Japanese_Literature=The Pleasures of Japanese Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Past_Tense=Short Trips: Past Tense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_A_Universe_of_Terrors=Short Trips: A Universe of Terrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_Brothers:_Private=Blues Brothers: Private
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tin_Goyenda=Tin Goyenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_The_Muses=Short Trips: The Muses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Steel_Skies=Short Trips: Steel Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deus_Le_Volt=Deus Le Volt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peculiar_Lives=Peculiar Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Ball_and_Other_Stories=The Golden Ball and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Marple's_Final_Cases_and_Two_Other_Stories=Miss Marple's Final Cases and Two Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieland_(novel)=Wieland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_(Time_Hunter)=Echoes (Time Hunter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Severed_Man=The Severed Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitsune_(Time_Hunter)=Kitsune (Time Hunter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clockwork_Woman=The Clockwork Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upland_Outlaws=Upland Outlaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Hope=Blood and Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Companion_Piece=Companion Piece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Tyger=The Eye of the Tyger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frayed=Frayed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Gods=Fallen Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(novella)=Wonderland (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jokerman_8=Jokerman 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Continents=Lost Continents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_Tide=Rip Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Devils=Foreign Devils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightdreamers=Nightdreamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Ship_(novella)=Ghost Ship (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Relative=Time and Relative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citadel_of_Dreams=Citadel of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Fantastic=Lord of the Fantastic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Sin_and_Other_Stories=Double Sin and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Ecology=Sexual Ecology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_War_Survival_Skills=Nuclear War Survival Skills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One-Straw_Revolution=The One-Straw Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Weg_ins_Freie=Der Weg ins Freie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_Visible_(novel)=Darkness Visible (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_Visible_(memoir)=Darkness Visible (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inheritance_(novel)=The Inheritance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Butch_Blues=Stone Butch Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Day=Against the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_A_Christmas_Treasury=Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Moon's_Hypnotic_Time-Travel_Adventure=Molly Moon's Hypnotic Time-Travel Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoshop=Psychoshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fringe_of_the_Unknown=The Fringe of the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lands_Beyond=Lands Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisscross_(novel)=Crisscross (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovecraft:_a_Biography=Lovecraft: a Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zandru's_Forge=Zandru's Forge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monastery=The Monastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vamos_a_Cuba=Vamos a Cuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Full_Measure=Last Full Measure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_He%3F=Who He?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Computer_Connection=The Computer Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Moon_Stops_the_World=Molly Moon Stops the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Valley_Destiny=Dark Valley Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literary_Swordsmen_and_Sorcerers=Literary Swordsmen and Sorcerers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_and_the_Dead_(White_novel)=The Living and the Dead (White novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nietzsche_contra_Wagner=Nietzsche contra Wagner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Arrow's_Flight=An Arrow's Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Book_of_Humanoids=The Complete Book of Humanoids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_24/7=America 24/7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_(Rushdie_novel)=Fury (Rushdie novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade's_Magic=Renegade's Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Horizons=Far Horizons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrecker_(novel)=The Wrecker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bears'_Famous_Invasion_of_Sicily=The Bears' Famous Invasion of Sicily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jakhan_Choto_Chilam=Jakhan Choto Chilam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naoko_(novel)=Naoko (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cent_Nouvelles_Nouvelles=Cent Nouvelles Nouvelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magicians_of_Caprona=The Magicians of Caprona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cricket_in_Times_Square=The Cricket in Times Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disney_Fairies=Disney Fairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Returns_(novel)=Superman Returns (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Confession=The Second Confession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Life_(novel)=Back to Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You_Won't_Do_for_Love_(novel)=What You Won't Do for Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Be_a_Villain=And Be a Villain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_25th_Hour=The 25th Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closed_Circle_(novel)=The Closed Circle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Servant:_The_Moneypenny_Diaries=Secret Servant: The Moneypenny Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_New_Intellectual=For the New Intellectual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Left:_The_Anti-Industrial_Revolution=The New Left: The Anti-Industrial Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy:_Who_Needs_It=Philosophy: Who Needs It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kobayashi_Maru_(Star_Trek_novel)=The Kobayashi Maru (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(Steel_novel)=The Gift (Steel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Divers=Shadow Divers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_Fat_for_Sarah_Byrnes=Staying Fat for Sarah Byrnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Village_Affair=A Village Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Majesty's_Dragon=His Majesty's Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goblin_Mirror=The Goblin Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Blood_Tattoo:_Foundling=Monster Blood Tattoo: Foundling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Untamed=Tarzan the Untamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Different_Voice=In a Different Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_(Gore_Vidal_novel)=The Golden Age (Gore Vidal novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lightning_Thief=The Lightning Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_at_No_Gun_Ri=The Bridge at No Gun Ri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sinless_Season=A Sinless Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_Is_Deceitful_Above_All_Things_(novel)=The Heart Is Deceitful Above All Things (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Chutzpah=Beyond Chutzpah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Seduction=The Art of Seduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Sharp=Twelve Sharp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_of_Goldfish=The Language of Goldfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ar-Raheeq_Al-Makhtum=Ar-Raheeq Al-Makhtum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Leonard=My Friend Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_in_the_Frost=The Face in the Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_(novel)=Spider (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf's_Children=Beowulf's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faultlines=Faultlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absurdistan_(novel)=Absurdistan (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_(novel)=Circus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Sisters=Blood Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layer_Cake_(novel)=Layer Cake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Islam_as_Others_Saw_It=Seeing Islam as Others Saw It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonkeeper=Dragonkeeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Muhammad=The Truth About Muhammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alma_Cogan_(novel)=Alma Cogan (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Master_(novel)=Past Master (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_I_Met_God=The Day I Met God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_Conan_the_Cimmerian=The Coming of Conan the Cimmerian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Dreams_(Jack_Vance_novel)=The Book of Dreams (Jack Vance novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Fire_(novel)=Dragon Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Hammer=Divine Hammer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dargonesti=The Dargonesti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Thirst=They Thirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_Naval_Weapons=The Evolution of Naval Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miscast_Barbarian=The Miscast Barbarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Death_of_Vincent_Foster=The Strange Death of Vincent Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Word_(novel)=The Word (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Illustrated_Book_of_Yoga=The Complete Illustrated Book of Yoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Inventione=De Inventione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardians_(novel)=The Guardians (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloody_Crown_of_Conan=The Bloody Crown of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Buffyverse_guidebooks=List of Buffyverse guidebooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquering_Sword_of_Conan=The Conquering Sword of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_of_Fire=Gates of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lies_of_Locke_Lamora=The Lies of Locke Lamora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runaway_Ralph=Runaway Ralph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ship_Who_Searched=The Ship Who Searched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amen_Corner=The Amen Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undesired_Princess=The Undesired Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spectacle_of_Corruption=A Spectacle of Corruption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Conspiracy_of_Paper=A Conspiracy of Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaming_the_Victims=Blaming the Victims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flame_in_Hali=A Flame in Hali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Homeward,_Angel=Look Homeward, Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizardology:_The_Book_of_the_Secrets_of_Merlin=Wizardology: The Book of the Secrets of Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Soldiers=Citizen Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murderers'_Row_(novel)=Murderers' Row (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Watched_Over_by_Machines_of_Loving_Grace=All Watched Over by Machines of Loving Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afghan=The Afghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cossacks_(novel)=The Cossacks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida_B.=Ida B.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadji_Murat_(novel)=Hadji Murat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Volant_of_the_Snowy_Mountain=Fox Volant of the Snowy Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Manual_of_Suicide=The Complete Manual of Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_Dark_Can_See_Through_Walls=Lulu Dark Can See Through Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bite_Me:_Narrative_Structures_and_Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer=Bite Me: Narrative Structures and Buffy the Vampire Slayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aesthetics_of_Culture_in_Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer=The Aesthetics of Culture in Buffy the Vampire Slayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_and_Philosophy=Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_(BFI_TV_Classics)=Buffy the Vampire Slayer (BFI TV Classics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_the_Forces=Fighting the Forces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Seasons_of_Angel=Five Seasons of Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Relations:_Chosen_Families_in_Buffy_the_Vampire_Slayer_and_Angel=Blood Relations: Chosen Families in Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Match=London Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_(Deighton_novel)=Winter (Deighton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_Joules_and_the_Overactive_Imagination=Olivia Joules and the Overactive Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Flying_Fox=The Young Flying Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Angel=The Second Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Chessboard=The Grand Chessboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Phantom:_The_Ghost_Who_Walks=The Story of the Phantom: The Ghost Who Walks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark_(Murakami_novel)=After Dark (Murakami novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistborn:_The_Final_Empire=Mistborn: The Final Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruins_(novel)=The Ruins (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honorable_Barbarian=The Honorable Barbarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goblin_Tower=The Goblin Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_of_the_Sea=Star of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glory_(novel)=Glory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Deadly_Secret=A Deadly Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glorious_Cause=The Glorious Cause
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_City_Blues=Mexico City Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Dreams_(novel)=Book of Dreams (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Hearts_and_Three_Lions=Three Hearts and Three Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scar_Tissue_(book)=Scar Tissue (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clocks_of_Iraz=The Clocks of Iraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bladerunner=The Bladerunner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guarani=The Guarani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sword_from_Red_Ice=A Sword from Red Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Traveler=Lonesome Traveler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Walked_Between_the_Towers=The Man Who Walked Between the Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chamade=La Chamade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamsongs:_A_RRetrospective=Dreamsongs: A RRetrospective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friendship=The Friendship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_Wide_Open=Door Wide Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_I'm_Cracked_Up_to_Be=Everything I'm Cracked Up to Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_of_Little_Tree=The Education of Little Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letting_Go_(novel)=Letting Go (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Object-Oriented_Software_Construction=Object-Oriented Software Construction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Mole:_From_Minor_to_Major=Adrian Mole: From Minor to Major
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footprints_on_Sand=Footprints on Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Zamba=The Queen of Zamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moorchild=The Moorchild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogsbody_(novel)=Dogsbody (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harlequin_Tea_Set=The Harlequin Tea Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Home=Fun Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moose_for_Jessica=A Moose for Jessica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chosen_of_the_Gods=Chosen of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bard:_The_Odyssey_of_the_Irish=Bard: The Odyssey of the Irish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weapons_of_Legacy=Weapons of Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoboken_Chicken_Emergency=The Hoboken Chicken Emergency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journeys_to_the_Under-World=Journeys to the Under-World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedagogy_of_the_Oppressed=Pedagogy of the Oppressed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_Dinosaurs_and_Wooden_Elephants=Rubber Dinosaurs and Wooden Elephants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_of_the_Earth=Bones of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Mole:_The_Wilderness_Years=Adrian Mole: The Wilderness Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Growing_Pains_of_Adrian_Mole=The Growing Pains of Adrian Mole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Restless_Supermarket=The Restless Supermarket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Mole:_The_Cappuccino_Years=Adrian Mole: The Cappuccino Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fete_Worse_Than_Death=A Fete Worse Than Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Unreason=Land of Unreason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Ten_(novel)=Number Ten (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heritage_of_Hastur=The Heritage of Hastur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boats_of_the_%22Glen_Carrig%22=The Boats of the "Glen Carrig"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Come_(LaHaye_novel)=Kingdom Come (LaHaye novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_in_Death=Naked in Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_She_Was_Worth=All She Was Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_I_Journal:_Queen_Amidala=Star Wars Episode I Journal: Queen Amidala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalking_the_Nightmare=Stalking the Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprat_Morrison=Sprat Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnelian_Cube=The Carnelian Cube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Snow_in_Havana=Waiting for Snow in Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Smoke_Rose_Up_Forever=Her Smoke Rose Up Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner's_Dilemma_(novel)=Prisoner's Dilemma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Chance:_an_Autobiography=Time and Chance: an Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_in_the_Bottle=The Message in the Bottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_and_the_City=Men and the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watteau_in_Venice=Watteau in Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shunned_House=The Shunned House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hymns_of_The_Church_of_Jesus_Christ_of_Latter-day_Saints_(1985_book)=Hymns of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (1985 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_of_Incarnum=Magic of Incarnum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Headless_Horseman_(novel)=The Headless Horseman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orpheus_Emerged=Orpheus Emerged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Strength_of_Youth=For the Strength of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Beast=Blood Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Apocalypse=Demon Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_People_Who_Are_Really_Screwing_America=101 People Who Are Really Screwing America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_Frankenstein=Father of Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy:_A_Memoir=Gypsy: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerilka's_Story=Nerilka's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonora_(novel)=Leonora (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scribblings=Scribblings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruby_in_the_Smoke=The Ruby in the Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specters_of_Marx=Specters of Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_in_the_Dark=Reading in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Identifying_and_Managing_Project_Risk=Identifying and Managing Project Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uglies=Uglies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_Club_Companion=The Book Club Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silly_Book=The Silly Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_My_Mother%3F=Are You My Mother?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_in_the_Skull=The Jewel in the Skull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastard_out_of_Carolina=Bastard out of Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakehead_(novel)=Snakehead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Key_(novel)=Skeleton Key (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_in_Italbar=To Die in Italbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stress_of_Her_Regard=The Stress of Her Regard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_of_Zei=The Hand of Zei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Separation_(Priest_novel)=The Separation (Priest novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Nelson_Japanese-English_Character_Dictionary=The New Nelson Japanese-English Character Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judas_Pair=The Judas Pair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Fatty=I, Fatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discomfort_Zone=The Discomfort Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Gould's_Secret=Joe Gould's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heralds=The Heralds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brass_Man=Brass Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portuguese_Irregular_Verbs=Portuguese Irregular Verbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Moon=Magic Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Will_of_the_Empress=The Will of the Empress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briar's_Book=Briar's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Gold=King's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirateology:_A_Pirate_Hunter's_Companion=Pirateology: A Pirate Hunter's Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousand_Pieces_of_Gold=Thousand Pieces of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_(Cussler_novel)=Dragon (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shock_Wave_(novel)=Shock Wave (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Box_(novel)=The Wrong Box (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hostage_of_Zir=The Hostage of Zir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_Cthulhu=The Trail of Cthulhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Was_(novel)=Was (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Without_My_Husband=Not Without My Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_the_Giraffe=Tears of the Giraffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morality_for_Beautiful_Girls=Morality for Beautiful Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ethics_of_Liberty=The Ethics of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cobra_King_of_Kathmandu=The Cobra King of Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Veins_of_Latin_America=Open Veins of Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outstretched_Shadow=The Outstretched Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank_and_Me=Anne Frank and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortunes_of_Richard_Mahony=The Fortunes of Richard Mahony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughter_in_the_Dark_(novel)=Laughter in the Dark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illearth_War=The Illearth War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwall_Map_&_Riddler=Redwall Map & Riddler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_that_Preserves=The Power that Preserves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive's_Ocean=Olive's Ocean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwall_Friend_&_Foe=Redwall Friend & Foe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventions_and_Their_Management=Inventions and Their Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weslandia=Weslandia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuck_Klosterman_IV:_A_Decade_of_Curious_People_and_Dangerous_Ideas=Chuck Klosterman IV: A Decade of Curious People and Dangerous Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Light_(novel)=Black Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Hunt=Time to Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_L._Sprague_de_Camp=The Best of L. Sprague de Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gun_for_Dinosaur_and_Other_Imaginative_Tales=A Gun for Dinosaur and Other Imaginative Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheels_of_If_and_Other_Science_Fiction=The Wheels of If and Other Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprague_de_Camp's_New_Anthology_of_Science_Fiction=Sprague de Camp's New Anthology of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_&_the_Wheels=The Virgin & the Wheels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_God's_Amulet=The Mad God's Amulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_and_the_Shadow_Thieves=Peter and the Shadow Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lurker_at_the_Threshold=The Lurker at the Threshold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vixen_03=Vixen 03
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Natural_History_of_the_Senses=A Natural History of the Senses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Peace_to_End_All_Peace=A Peace to End All Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vesuvius_Club=The Vesuvius Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiding_and_Abetting_(novel)=Aiding and Abetting (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listening_Woman=Listening Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_and_Dinosaurs=Demons and Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantoms_and_Fancies=Phantoms and Fancies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masterharper_of_Pern=The Masterharper of Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Maias=Os Maias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Bazilio=Cousin Bazilio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadowers=The Shadowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ravagers=The Ravagers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devastators=The Devastators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betrayers=The Betrayers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Menacers=The Menacers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interlopers_(novel)=The Interlopers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poisoners=The Poisoners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intriguers=The Intriguers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intimidators=The Intimidators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terminators=The Terminators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Retaliators=The Retaliators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrorizers=The Terrorizers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revengers_(novel)=The Revengers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Annihilators=The Annihilators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infiltrators=The Infiltrators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detonators=The Detonators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanishers=The Vanishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demolishers=The Demolishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frighteners_(novel)=The Frighteners (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Threateners=The Threateners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damagers=The Damagers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_(novel)=Flash (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weight_Loss_(novel)=Weight Loss (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignorance_(novel)=Ignorance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Form_at_St._Clare's=The Second Form at St. Clare's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Palace_Chronicle=Glass Palace Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Fire=Dragon's Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elegy_for_Iris=Elegy for Iris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Impact=Final Impact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Sunshine=Our Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Henry=Cousin Henry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_on_the_Leviathan=Murder on the Leviathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snowy_Day=The Snowy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Showboat_World=Showboat World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Werewolf=Night of the Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Samurai_Sword=Mystery of the Samurai Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebbe,_the_Messiah,_and_the_Scandal_of_Orthodox_Indifference=The Rebbe, the Messiah, and the Scandal of Orthodox Indifference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_New_Girl_(novel)=Brave New Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_and_Hobgoblins=Heroes and Hobgoblins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dissolution_of_Nicholas_Dee=The Dissolution of Nicholas Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotle_and_the_Gun_and_Other_Stories=Aristotle and the Gun and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonsblood=Dragonsblood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skies_of_Pern=The Skies of Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Book_of_Common_Prayer=A Book of Common Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dolphins_of_Pern=The Dolphins of Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seinlanguage=Seinlanguage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democracy_(novel)=Democracy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Album_(book)=The White Album (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Henry_(book)=After Henry (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_of_Time=Rivers of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Light=The Color of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memed,_My_Hawk=Memed, My Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King,_Queen,_Knave=King, Queen, Knave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Meeting_(novel)=Strange Meeting (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazeppa_(Byron)=Mazeppa (Byron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abide_with_Me_(novel)=Abide with Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Devil=Sharpe's Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial-a-Ghost=Dial-a-Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teachings_of_Don_Juan=The Teachings of Don Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maila_Anchal=Maila Anchal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abolition_of_Britain=The Abolition of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alteration=The Alteration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ninja_(novel)=The Ninja (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tome_of_Magic=Tome of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pentagon_Spy=The Pentagon Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apeman's_Secret=The Apeman's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy_Case_(Hardy_Boys)=The Mummy Case (Hardy Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pope's_Children=The Pope's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_from_the_Carolinas=Wind from the Carolinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Commandment=The Broken Commandment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Burden=The Last Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mammaries_of_the_Welfare_State=The Mammaries of the Welfare State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymphomation=Nymphomation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_I_Was_From=Where I Was From
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doll_People=The Doll People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashokavadana=Ashokavadana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Queen_(novel)=The Winter Queen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencerville_(novel)=Spencerville (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobacco_and_Slaves=Tobacco and Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinwalkers_(novel)=Skinwalkers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Icarus_Hunt=The Icarus Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Part_Last=The First Part Last
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penderwicks=The Penderwicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_a_Hero_(novel)=Once a Hero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_Colors_(novel)=Winning Colors (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Ocean_of_Night=In the Ocean of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Major_Plays_of_Chikamatsu=Four Major Plays of Chikamatsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_Party_(novel)=Hunting Party (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heirs_of_Empire=Heirs of Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Odds_(novel)=Against the Odds (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Sea_of_Suns=Across the Sea of Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rationality_and_Power=Rationality and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_(novel)=Web (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_(novel)=Spectrum (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Years_(novel)=Dog Years (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trying_to_Save_Piggy_Sneed=Trying to Save Piggy Sneed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlan_Ellison's_Watching=Harlan Ellison's Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cave_(novel)=The Cave (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravished_Armenia=Ravished Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Die_in_a_Combat_Zone,_Box_Me_Up_and_Ship_Me_Home=If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary,_Mary_(novel)=Mary, Mary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_and_Jury=Judge and Jury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_(book)=Miami (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador_(book)=Salvador (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safely_Home=Safely Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One,_Two,_Buckle_My_Shoe_(novel)=One, Two, Buckle My Shoe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Fictions=Political Fictions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dairy_Queen_(novel)=Dairy Queen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_of_Slowness=The Discovery of Slowness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Had_a_Little_Overcoat=Joseph Had a Little Overcoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Week=Witch Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_in_the_Air_(novel)=Castle in the Air (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrorist_(novel)=Terrorist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Flame=The Crimson Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_(Whalen_Turner_novel)=The Thief (Whalen Turner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_(novel)=Cyborg (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallam_Foe_(novel)=Hallam Foe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Faith_(book)=Blind Faith (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Blue=The Wild Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaper's_Gale=Reaper's Gale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go,_Dog._Go!=Go, Dog. Go!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_in_Europe=Crusade in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_Freedom=The Future of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gertrude_and_Claudius=Gertrude and Claudius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Immortal=The First Immortal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Tapping_Heels=The Clue of the Tapping Heels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazohinia=Kazohinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Individuated_Hobbit=The Individuated Hobbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Years_in_the_Making:_the_Time-Travel_Stories_of_L._Sprague_de_Camp=Years in the Making: the Time-Travel Stories of L. Sprague de Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scoop_and_Behind_the_Screen=The Scoop and Behind the Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Pterodactyls=The Purple Pterodactyls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captain's_Daughter=The Captain's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_Girl=The Story Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Sword_and_Wind_Child=Dragon Sword and Wind Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Choice_of_Magic=A Choice of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_Night=The Meaning of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Give_a_Mouse_a_Cookie=If You Give a Mouse a Cookie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Shaman_and_Other_Fantastic_Tales=The Reluctant Shaman and Other Fantastic Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Gavagan's_Bar=Tales from Gavagan's Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird_of_Night=The Bird of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jubilee_(novel)=Jubilee (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_on_a_Treasure_Island=Five on a Treasure Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tough_Guide_To_Fantasyland=The Tough Guide To Fantasyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Man_and_the_Ghost's_Bargain=The Haunted Man and the Ghost's Bargain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Englishman=The Fatal Englishman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_at_the_Lion_d'Or=The Girl at the Lion d'Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Doomsday=After Doomsday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Universe=A Different Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babyji=Babyji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Girls=Dead Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass_Crown_(novel)=The Grass Crown (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Right=Talking Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Visiters=The Young Visiters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fool's_Alphabet=A Fool's Alphabet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_List_of_Seven=The List of Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridges=London Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_Gold_(novel)=Heart of Gold (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorcerer's_Son=Sorcerer's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tritonian_Ring_and_Other_Pusadian_Tales=The Tritonian Ring and Other Pusadian Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarne_oceany=Czarne oceany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Human_Heart=Any Human Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Continent_Makers_and_Other_Tales_of_the_Viagens=The Continent Makers and Other Tales of the Viagens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Palace_(novel)=The Crystal Palace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_Venus_(novel)=The Birth of Venus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Band_in_the_Universe=The Worst Band in the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Class_(Erich_Segal_novel)=The Class (Erich Segal novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Healthy_Dead=The Healthy Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor_Song=Sailor Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevil_(novel)=Daredevil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedroom_Secrets_of_the_Master_Chefs=The Bedroom Secrets of the Master Chefs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphibian_Man=Amphibian Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encounters_with_the_Archdruid=Encounters with the Archdruid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thieves_of_Baghdad=Thieves of Baghdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skystone=The Skystone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint_(novel)=The Saint (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Sword=The Singing Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divide_and_Rule_(collection)=Divide and Rule (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biographies_of_Exemplary_Women=Biographies of Exemplary Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dhimmi:_Jews_and_Christians_Under_Islam=The Dhimmi: Jews and Christians Under Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_America=The Birds of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conservationist=The Conservationist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strands_of_Starlight=Strands of Starlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_an_Heiress=Confessions of an Heiress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fizzles=Fizzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_His_Own_Write=In His Own Write
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spaniard_in_the_Works=A Spaniard in the Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Lucy_Gault=The Story of Lucy Gault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character_Strengths_and_Virtues=Character Strengths and Virtues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Ivory_Charm=The Mystery of the Ivory Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owls_in_the_Family=Owls in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Postmodern_Condition=The Postmodern Condition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Daughter_Never_Cries_(novel)=A Soldier's Daughter Never Cries (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nature_Conservation_Review=A Nature Conservation Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint's_Lady=The Saint's Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blond_Barbarians_and_Noble_Savages=Blond Barbarians and Noble Savages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Destiny_of_the_Dead=The Destiny of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debunking_9/11_Myths=Debunking 9/11 Myths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_of_Arithmetic_(book)=Philosophy of Arithmetic (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yondering=Yondering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Argosy=The Golden Argosy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ox-Cart_Man=Ox-Cart Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Idols=Twilight of the Idols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_All_Kill_Constance=Let's All Kill Constance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsewhere_(anthology)=Elsewhere (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac_Shakur_Legacy=Tupac Shakur Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Spring_(novel)=Black Spring (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_You_Want_to_Be_President%3F=So You Want to Be President?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Trunk=The Flying Trunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Hunters_(book)=Treasure Hunters (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man's_Chorus:_The_Uncollected_Writings=One Man's Chorus: The Uncollected Writings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maze_of_Moonlight=Maze of Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shroud_of_Shadow=Shroud of Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strands_of_Sunlight=Strands of Sunlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Best_Families=In the Best Families
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Boys_(novel)=The Wild Boys (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbie_Hoffman:_American_Rebel=Abbie Hoffman: American Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Early_Life=My Early Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovecraft:_A_Look_Behind_the_Cthulhu_Mythos=Lovecraft: A Look Behind the Cthulhu Mythos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M/F=M/F
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fate_of_the_Children=The Fate of the Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Street_(novel)=Back Street (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sunset=Under the Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walls_and_Gates_of_Peking=The Walls and Gates of Peking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Spider_God=Conan and the Spider God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antarctic_Conquest=Antarctic Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Golden_Arm_(novel)=The Man with the Golden Arm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Game_(novel)=God Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_City_(novel)=The Magic City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(Star_Wars_novel)=Inferno (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discourses_(Meher_Baba)=Discourses (Meher Baba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Nigel=Sir Nigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Beautiful_Woman_in_Town=The Most Beautiful Woman in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cthulhu_Mythos_anthology=Cthulhu Mythos anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_and_Dance_Man=Song and Dance Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fateful_Triangle=The Fateful Triangle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Eight_Bells_Toll=When Eight Bells Toll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_the_Dawn=The Sword of the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_and_the_Piskies:_Cornish_Folk_and_Fairy_Tales=Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergence_(novel)=Emergence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Book_of_Giants=A Book of Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anarchical_Society=The Anarchical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamentals_of_Stack_Gas_Dispersion=Fundamentals of Stack Gas Dispersion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Bloods_(novel)=Young Bloods (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_at_Birth=Men at Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Op-Center:_Acts_of_War=Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Acts of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Steppe=Fire in the Steppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deluge_(novel)=The Deluge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquistador_(novel)=Conquistador (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thief_Queen's_Daughter=The Thief Queen's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_of_this_World=The Kingdom of this World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_Ship_(Jeter_novel)=Slave Ship (Jeter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Liberator=Conan the Liberator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baksho-Rahashya=Baksho-Rahashya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_Shades_of_Brown=48 Shades of Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Test=First Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ape-Man_Within=The Ape-Man Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(1982_novel)=Conan the Barbarian (1982 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry's_Chemical_Engineers'_Handbook=Perry's Chemical Engineers' Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tur-Strato_4=Tur-Strato 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sands_of_Time_(Hoeye_novel)=The Sands of Time (Hoeye novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_Like_Show_Time=No Time Like Show Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_to_Be_Done%3F_(novel)=What Is to Be Done? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Days_to_Never=Three Days to Never
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Match_(Lincoln_Child_novel)=Death Match (Lincoln Child novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Type-Writer=The Enchanted Type-Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throne_of_Jade=Throne of Jade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Way_for_the_Gas,_Ladies_and_Gentlemen=This Way for the Gas, Ladies and Gentlemen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoiled_Rotten_America=Spoiled Rotten America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pother_Kanta=Pother Kanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brothers_K=The Brothers K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glory_That_Was=The Glory That Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_(novel)=Page (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamonds_Are_Forever_(novel)=Diamonds Are Forever (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Magic=Street Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Process_(novel)=The Process (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turkish_Gambit=The Turkish Gambit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Corruption_Was_King=When Corruption Was King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3rd_Degree_(novel)=3rd Degree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_the_Ogre=Rise of the Ogre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kredu_min,_sinjorino!=Kredu min, sinjorino!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltego_trans_Jarmiloj=Saltego trans Jarmiloj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_of_the_Isles=Conan of the Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_(Blatty_novel)=Legion (Blatty novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Brother=Wolf Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Avenger=Conan the Avenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Knowledge=The Tree of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Boys_(novel)=Dead Boys (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abismoj=Abismoj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_House=The Little House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes's_War_of_the_Worlds=Sherlock Holmes's War of the Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Conan=The Return of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genus_Homo_(novel)=Genus Homo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staying_On=Staying On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Ronan's_Well=Saint Ronan's Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Wood=Witch Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Sheep=The Island of Sheep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_Walk=Palace Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Suck:_A_Love_Story=You Suck: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Witches_Do=What Witches Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Having_a_Great_Birth_in_Australia=Having a Great Birth in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gatekeepers=The Gatekeepers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tangle_Box=The Tangle Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Unicorn=The Black Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talismans_of_Shannara=The Talismans of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elf_Queen_of_Shannara=The Elf Queen of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Druid_of_Shannara=The Druid of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Fire_East=Angel Fire East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_with_the_Demon=Running with the Demon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Impostors=The Three Impostors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Is_Sex_Fun%3F=Why Is Sex Fun?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_of_Aquilonia=Conan of Aquilonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossil_Hunter=Fossil Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recollections_of_Rifleman_Harris=The Recollections of Rifleman Harris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_(novel)=Sunshine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science-Fiction_Handbook=Science-Fiction Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_of_Cimmeria=Conan of Cimmeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glass_of_Blessings=A Glass of Blessings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champagne_for_One=Champagne for One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Topics_in_Calamity_Physics=Special Topics in Calamity Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invasion_(Animorphs)=The Invasion (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canon_of_Judo=The Canon of Judo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cults_in_Our_Midst=Cults in Our Midst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Warrior=Conan the Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches'_Brew_(novel)=Witches' Brew (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_at_Large=Wizard at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Both_Sides_of_Time=Both Sides of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_Time=Prisoner of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protector's_War=The Protector's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_the_End_of_the_World_(crime_novel)=Not the End of the World (crime novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_and_the_Hound_(novel)=The Fox and the Hound (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bet_on_the_Saint=Bet on the Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_the_Magic_Works=Sometimes the Magic Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overachievers=The Overachievers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Adventurer_(collection)=Conan the Adventurer (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Freebooter=Conan the Freebooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_the_Eye=Story of the Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_(collection)=Conan (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visitor_(Animorphs)=The Visitor (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_(Animorphs)=The Beginning (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Encounter_(Animorphs)=The Encounter (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Android_(Animorphs)=The Android (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Fire_(Pierce_novel)=Cold Fire (Pierce novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayfarer_Redemption=Wayfarer Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Times_of_the_Thunderbolt_Kid=The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Family=The Hidden Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clan_Corporate=The Clan Corporate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperium_(novel)=Imperium (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Athenian_Murders=The Athenian Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flipped=Flipped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Usurper=Conan the Usurper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantrasamgraha=Tantrasamgraha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solar_Anus=The Solar Anus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutants_in_Avalon=Mutants in Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Wanderer=Conan the Wanderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_the_Dog=The Power of the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Viking_Grave=Curse of the Viking Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armies_of_Death=Armies of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squire_(novel)=Squire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koko_(novel)=Koko (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawkins'_God=Dawkins' God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Suitable_Boy=A Suitable Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Dangerous=Castle Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Robert_of_Paris=Count Robert of Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Loci_(novel)=Genius Loci (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Buccaneer=Conan the Buccaneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Positions=Positions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Kiss=The Silver Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_Popular=How to Be Popular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_of_Terror=Voices of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Swordsman=Conan the Swordsman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Conan=Tales of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Answer_(Animorphs)=The Answer (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunlight_Dialogues=The Sunlight Dialogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Peril_(novel)=Yellow Peril (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wish_(novel)=The Wish (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Kingdom=The Little Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_Rising=The Tiger Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hothouses=Hothouses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarek_(Star_Trek_novel)=Sarek (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athena-Artemis=Athena-Artemis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_Counsellor=The State Counsellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_We_Talk_Now=The Way We Talk Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampirates:_Tide_of_Terror=Vampirates: Tide of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Brass_Bound_Trunk=The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_at_the_Moss-Covered_Mansion=The Mystery at the Moss-Covered Mansion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_of_the_Missing_Map=The Quest of the Missing Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Jewel_Box=The Clue in the Jewel Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_in_the_Old_Attic=The Secret in the Old Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Crumbling_Wall=The Clue in the Crumbling Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Tolling_Bell=The Mystery of the Tolling Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Old_Album=The Clue in the Old Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_of_Blackwood_Hall=The Ghost of Blackwood Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Leaning_Chimney=The Clue of the Leaning Chimney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Wooden_Lady=The Secret of the Wooden Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_at_the_Ski_Jump=The Mystery at the Ski Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Black_Keys=The Clue of the Black Keys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_City=Maximum City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ringmaster's_Secret=The Ringmaster's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Slipper_Mystery=The Scarlet Slipper Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch_Tree_Symbol=The Witch Tree Symbol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Window_Mystery=The Hidden Window Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Golden_Pavilion=The Secret of the Golden Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Dancing_Puppet=The Clue of the Dancing Puppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moonstone_Castle_Mystery=The Moonstone Castle Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_of_the_Whistling_Bagpipes=The Clue of the Whistling Bagpipes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_99_Steps=The Mystery of the 99 Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clue_in_the_Crossword_Cipher=The Clue in the Crossword Cipher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_Pine_Hill=The Phantom of Pine Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spider_Sapphire_Mystery=The Spider Sapphire Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Mannequin=The Mysterious Mannequin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Intruder=The Invisible Intruder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crooked_Banister=The Crooked Banister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Done_Sign_My_Name=Blood Done Sign My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factotum_(novel)=Factotum (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Politics=Sexual Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday's_Son=Yesterday's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Jinx_Mystery=The Double Jinx Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spot_of_Bother=A Spot of Bother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_(Oswald_Mosley_autobiography)=My Life (Oswald Mosley autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maps_for_Lost_Lovers=Maps for Lost Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Theorem=The Last Theorem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Fear_(interview_book)=Faces of Fear (interview book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Time_Signature=Short Trips: Time Signature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengal_Nights=Bengal Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Glowing_Eye=Mystery of the Glowing Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolfen=The Wolfen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Forgotten_City=The Secret of the Forgotten City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_Phantom=The Sky Phantom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Message_in_the_Parchment=The Strange Message in the Parchment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_Crocodile_Island=Mystery of Crocodile Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Pearl=The Thirteenth Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Quebec_and_the_Stars=To Quebec and the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incorporated_Knight=The Incorporated Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Algebraic_Geometry_(book)=Algebraic Geometry (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_for_Me:_Rediscovering_the_Joy_of_Purity_in_Romance=Wait for Me: Rediscovering the Joy of Purity in Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_King_and_the_Witch:_Gypsy_Folk_and_Fairy_Tales=The Red King and the Witch: Gypsy Folk and Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pixilated_Peeress=The Pixilated Peeress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pocket_for_Corduroy=A Pocket for Corduroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightrise=Nightrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Not_What_I_Meant!=That's Not What I Meant!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Six_(novel)=Deep Six (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclops_(novel)=Cyclops (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_(Cussler_novel)=Treasure (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Vortex!=Pacific Vortex!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Giftpilz=Der Giftpilz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Erhard_(book)=Werner Erhard (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_Tide=Flood Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Prince_(Burnett_novel)=The Lost Prince (Burnett novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Skin,_White_Masks=Black Skin, White Masks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Simple_as_Snow=As Simple as Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_(Bishop_novel)=Sebastian (Bishop novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagas_of_Conan=Sagas of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Game=Our Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hills_End=Hills End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Genet=Saint Genet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mutineers_of_the_Bounty=The Mutineers of the Bounty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hallo-Wiener=The Hallo-Wiener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_Food_(novel)=Comfort Food (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolphin_Island_(novel)=Dolphin Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undoing_Gender=Undoing Gender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_Years=23 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machine_in_the_Garden=The Machine in the Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_of_Zesh=The Virgin of Zesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_New_Arabian_Nights:_The_Dynamiter=More New Arabian Nights: The Dynamiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Achilles=The Death of Achilles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garin_Death_Ray=The Garin Death Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_at_Tiffany's_(novella)=Breakfast at Tiffany's (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadon_of_Ancient_Opar=Hadon of Ancient Opar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_(Animorphs)=The Message (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Leslie=Hope Leslie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Blood_(novel)=First Blood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Devil's_Eye_(novel)=The Sea Devil's Eye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Captain_Hatteras=The Adventures of Captain Hatteras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rings_of_Saturn=The Rings of Saturn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Encyclopedia_of_the_Yugoslav_Lexicographical_Institute=General Encyclopedia of the Yugoslav Lexicographical Institute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gil_Braltar=Gil Braltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Stradivarius=The Lost Stradivarius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_(novel)=Next (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frritt-Flacc=Frritt-Flacc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_People_(novel)=Ordinary People (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Hell_(book)=Raising Hell (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movies_in_Fifteen_Minutes=Movies in Fifteen Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Powder_War=Black Powder War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonnikin_and_the_Flying_Basket:_French_Folk_and_Fairy_Tales=Jonnikin and the Flying Basket: French Folk and Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Solution=The Ultimate Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Doll's_Twin=The Bone Doll's Twin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorrow_of_Belgium=The Sorrow of Belgium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_House=Psycho House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunny_Lake_Is_Missing_(novel)=Bunny Lake Is Missing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_85_Ways_to_Tie_a_Tie=The 85 Ways to Tie a Tie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Predator_(Animorphs)=The Predator (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Capture_(Animorphs)=The Capture (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlefield_Earth_(novel)=Battlefield Earth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_Robert_E._Lee=The Making of Robert E. Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Men_and_Fire=Young Men and Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Explanations=Philosophical Explanations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_Rationality=The Nature of Rationality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invariances=Invariances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Examined_Life=The Examined Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kind_of_Loving=A Kind of Loving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kid_for_Two_Farthings=A Kid for Two Farthings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_of_Zesh_&_The_Tower_of_Zanid=The Virgin of Zesh & The Tower of Zanid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Hearts_(story)=Two Hearts (story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Warrior=Hidden Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rashmirathi=Rashmirathi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eclipse:_A_Memoir_of_Suicide=The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pure_Weight_of_the_Heart=The Pure Weight of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Trash=War Trash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_His_Horn=The Sound of His Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godaan=Godaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prefaces=Prefaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Admissions_Game=The Early Admissions Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marco's_Millions_(novel)=Marco's Millions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Moon_(novel)=New Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Matters=Celestial Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deryni_Rising=Deryni Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_Tranicos_(collection)=The Treasure of Tranicos (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deryni_Checkmate=Deryni Checkmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameo_Murders=Cameo Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Controversy_(book)=The Great Controversy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(Animorphs)=The Stranger (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Like_Gods=Men Like Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intelligent_Man's_Guide_to_Science=The Intelligent Man's Guide to Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genocides=The Genocides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurgen,_A_Comedy_of_Justice=Jurgen, A Comedy of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goblin_Wood=The Goblin Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forging_the_Sword=Forging the Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_the_Twins=Time of the Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meet_the_Austins=Meet the Austins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moral_Disorder=Moral Disorder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duma_Key=Duma Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprenticeship_of_Duddy_Kravitz_(novel)=The Apprenticeship of Duddy Kravitz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_Knife=The Flame Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixth_Grade_Secrets=Sixth Grade Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_of_the_Blind=Paradise of the Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_a_Child_Never_Born=Letter to a Child Never Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Gilly_Hopkins=The Great Gilly Hopkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrysanthemum_(book)=Chrysanthemum (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_the_White_City=The Devil in the White City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightness_Reef=Brightness Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunch_of_Blood=Lunch of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Deryni=High Deryni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_and_Let_Die_(novel)=Live and Let Die (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Loved_Tiberius=I Loved Tiberius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Steps=Magic Steps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bikini_Planet=Bikini Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_One_More_Day=For One More Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Man_and_the_Golden_Bird:_Hungarian_Folk_and_Fairy_Tales=The Glass Man and the Golden Bird: Hungarian Folk and Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticktock_(novel)=Ticktock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazilian_Jiu-Jitsu:_Theory_and_Technique=Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu: Theory and Technique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_by_Fire=Marked by Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gianni_and_the_Ogre=Gianni and the Ogre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singapore:_The_Encyclopedia=Singapore: The Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witches_of_Worm=The Witches of Worm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alien_(Animorphs)=The Alien (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horn_of_Mortal_Danger=The Horn of Mortal Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Chronicles=The Conan Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Chronicles_2=The Conan Chronicles 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_in_the_Silence=Song in the Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Expat_Harem=Tales from the Expat Harem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrong_about_Japan=Wrong about Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Prince_(novel)=The Black Prince (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distillation_Design=Distillation Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_King=The Reluctant King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moth_Smoke=Moth Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Fundamentalist=The Reluctant Fundamentalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martindale:_The_Complete_Drug_Reference=Martindale: The Complete Drug Reference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Child_Garden=The Child Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundations_of_Christianity=Foundations of Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Tarzan=The Return of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camber_of_Culdi_(novel)=Camber of Culdi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psycho_II_(novel)=Psycho II (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostburn=Frostburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_I_Walked_Out_One_Midsummer_Morning=As I Walked Out One Midsummer Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_River=The Secret River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transsexual_Empire=The Transsexual Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_to_Opar=Flight to Opar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Consumer's_Guide_to_Effective_Environmental_Choices:_Practical_Advice_from_the_Union_of_Concerned_Scientists=The Consumer's Guide to Effective Environmental Choices: Practical Advice from the Union of Concerned Scientists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tree_Is_Nice=A Tree Is Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Habits_of_the_Heart:_Embracing_the_Values_that_Build_Strong_Communities=Eight Habits of the Heart: Embracing the Values that Build Strong Communities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up,_Up_and_Oy_Vey=Up, Up and Oy Vey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Form_at_St._Dominic's=The Fifth Form at St. Dominic's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardboiled_&_Hard_Luck_(novel)=Hardboiled & Hard Luck (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oracle's_Queen=Oracle's Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daja's_Book=Daja's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Doll_(novel)=Paper Doll (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Wonder=Time of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snakes_in_Suits=Snakes in Suits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_(Animorphs)=The Secret (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visser_(novel)=Visser (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_at_War=Wizards at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Camber=Saint Camber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Make_Money_Like_a_Porn_Star=How to Make Money Like a Porn Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bees_and_Wannabes=Queen Bees and Wannabes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates!_in_an_Adventure_with_Communists=The Pirates! in an Adventure with Communists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Put_a_Spell_on_You_(book)=I Put a Spell on You (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrection_Day=Resurrection Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretties=Pretties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Specials_(novel)=Specials (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Machine_(novel)=The Love Machine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Opposition=My Opposition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_and_Toutou_Go_Forth=Mimi and Toutou Go Forth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Unraveling=The Great Unraveling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Who_Is_There=The God Who Is There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_History=The Great History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Kamal_fi_Asma'_al-Rijal=Al-Kamal fi Asma' al-Rijal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horowitz_Horror=Horowitz Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Ant_Men=Tarzan and the Ant Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Apollo=The Mask of Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_(novel)=Victory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falls_(Oates_novel)=The Falls (Oates novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Causa_das_Coisas=A Causa das Coisas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jo's_Boys=Jo's Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rescue_(Conrad_novel)=The Rescue (Conrad novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_in_Pink=Nightmare in Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_(novel)=Salt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forests_of_Silence=The Forests of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_of_Tears=The Lake of Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Body_in_the_Bath_House=A Body in the Bath House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_Boy=Enchanted Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egg_Tree=The Egg Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_(novel)=Indiana (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimsie_Goes_to_School=Dimsie Goes to School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fallible_Fiend=The Fallible Fiend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimsie_Moves_Up=Dimsie Moves Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Chevalier_de_Maison-Rouge=Le Chevalier de Maison-Rouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradisil=Gradisil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Christs_of_Ypsilanti=The Three Christs of Ypsilanti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carved_Lions=The Carved Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_De_Soto=Doctor De Soto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/26_Fairmount_Avenue=26 Fairmount Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate_(novel)=The Pirate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_Lies=Father of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shade_of_Difference=A Shade of Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capable_of_Honor=Capable of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preserve_and_Protect=Preserve and Protect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transall_Saga=The Transall Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Instinct_for_the_Kill=An Instinct for the Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decline_and_Fall_of_the_American_Programmer=Decline and Fall of the American Programmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune's_Favourites=Fortune's Favourites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camber_the_Heretic=Camber the Heretic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peony_(novel)=Peony (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop's_Heir=The Bishop's Heir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toyminator=The Toyminator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Line_of_Fire:_A_Memoir=In the Line of Fire: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tome_of_Battle=Tome of Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Souls=Bridge of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myrren's_Gift=Myrren's Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runestaff=The Runestaff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Terre=La Terre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor's_Purse=Traitor's Purse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishmael_(Star_Trek)=Ishmael (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sherwood_Ring=The Sherwood Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Flight_to_the_Mushroom_Planet=The Wonderful Flight to the Mushroom Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stowaway_to_the_Mushroom_Planet=Stowaway to the Mushroom Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Woman=Imperial Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furies_of_Calderon=Furies of Calderon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Darkness_Falls=When Darkness Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Justice=The King's Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaryllis_Night_and_Day=Amaryllis Night and Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_Substance=A Woman of Substance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice_of_the_Presence_of_God=The Practice of the Presence of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Come_Down_(novel)=Let It Come Down (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byte_Beautiful:_Eight_Science_Fiction_Stories=Byte Beautiful: Eight Science Fiction Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_of_the_Fireflies_(novel)=Grave of the Fireflies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittington_(novel)=Whittington (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpions_(novel)=Scorpions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Private_Life=A Very Private Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinland_(novel)=Vinland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eucalyptus_(novel)=Eucalyptus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conviction_(novel)=Conviction (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bull_from_the_Sea=The Bull from the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_a_Hero=Rise of a Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omenuko=Omenuko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Summer_of_Reason=The Last Summer of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremor_of_Intent:_An_Eschatological_Spy_Novel=Tremor of Intent: An Eschatological Spy Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_New_Liberty=For a New Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Medicine=Love Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Much_for_Just_the_Planet%3F=How Much for Just the Planet?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose-Step_(book)=The Goose-Step (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purcell_Papers=The Purcell Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_River_Sea=Journey to the River Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devils_of_Loudun=The Devils of Loudun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Brae_(novel)=Electric Brae (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fledgling_(novel)=Fledgling (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticky_(comics)=Sticky (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Hunger=Sacred Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Hill_(novel)=Hungry Hill (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Card_from_Morocco=A Card from Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Coffin,_U.S.S.=Mark Coffin, U.S.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Wives=Hollywood Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Men_(book)=The Wise Men (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Reader=The Conan Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Denial:_Bush_at_War,_Part_III=State of Denial: Bush at War, Part III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_(novel)=Magic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Draconian_Measures=Draconian Measures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machine's_Child=The Machine's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelf_Life_(novel)=Shelf Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolves_Eat_Dogs=Wolves Eat Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Silas=Uncle Silas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_(novel)=The Phoenix (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_Tales_from_the_Hills=Plain Tales from the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socratic_Puzzles=Socratic Puzzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_NOT_Going_to_Get_Up_Today!=I Am NOT Going to Get Up Today!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Not_Seen=Things Not Seen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Grimoire=The Conan Grimoire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Landry_News=The Landry News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Swordbook=The Conan Swordbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_General_History_of_the_Pyrates=A General History of the Pyrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoky_Night=Smoky Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janissaries_(novel)=Janissaries (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowplay=Shadowplay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Systems_of_Survival=Systems of Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mouse_Soup=Mouse Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Peaceful=Private Peaceful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janissaries_III:_Storms_of_Victory=Janissaries III: Storms of Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lottie_Project=The Lottie Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rite:_Short_Work=Rite: Short Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Map=The Ghost Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Forward=Only Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet's_Mill=Hamlet's Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larklight=Larklight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Seas_Under_Red_Skies=Red Seas Under Red Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owl_Moon=Owl Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Orpheus=Children of Orpheus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Dreams_and_Stranger_Things=Penguin Dreams and Stranger Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modern_Utopia=A Modern Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormrider=Stormrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_Africa=The Birds of Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Track_of_Unknown_Animals=On the Track of Unknown Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communion_(book)=Communion (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_in_the_North=The Shadow in the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_in_the_Well=The Tiger in the Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Princess=The Tin Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cone_Gatherers=The Cone Gatherers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardcore_History=Hardcore History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adding_Machine:_Collected_Essays=The Adding Machine: Collected Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loose_Tails=Loose Tails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_Runner_(a_movie)=Blade Runner (a movie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam,_Bangs_and_Moonshine=Sam, Bangs and Moonshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reception_of_Derrida=The Reception of Derrida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_I_Bring_a_Friend%3F=May I Bring a Friend?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Room_for_One_More=Always Room for One More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix_(novel)=Phoenix (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltos_(Brust_novel)=Taltos (Brust novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_(novel)=Orca (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_(Brust_novel)=Dragon (Brust novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me'am_Lo'ez=Me'am Lo'ez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issola=Issola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_an_Expert_Witness=Death of an Expert Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Inside=The Cat Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_of_Chance=Ghost of Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wu-Tang_Manual=The Wu-Tang Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wringer_(novel)=Wringer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Corner_of_the_Universe=A Corner of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Teal=Belle Teal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortoise_Tales=Tortoise Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_in_Video_Games=Sex in Video Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sten_Adventures_Book_2:_The_Wolf_Worlds=Sten Adventures Book 2: The Wolf Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sten_Adventures_Book_3:_The_Court_of_a_Thousand_Suns=Sten Adventures Book 3: The Court of a Thousand Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_for_Saint_Camber=The Quest for Saint Camber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sten_Adventures_Book_4:_Fleet_of_the_Damned=Sten Adventures Book 4: Fleet of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkwitch_Rising=Darkwitch Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Christian_(novel)=The Magic Christian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_My_Dead_Body_(novel)=Over My Dead Body (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Fool=The Queen's Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Girls_Can_Help_to_Build_Up_the_Empire=How Girls Can Help to Build Up the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentucky_Ham=Kentucky Ham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_At_Large:_His_First_Book=Garfield At Large: His First Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Blind_(novel)=Flying Blind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame_(Derrick_Jensen_books)=Endgame (Derrick Jensen books)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anatomy_of_Dependence=The Anatomy of Dependence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Log_of_Phileas_Fogg=The Other Log of Phileas Fogg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Descending=Man Descending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_J_Curve:_A_New_Way_to_Understand_Why_Nations_Rise_and_Fall=The J Curve: A New Way to Understand Why Nations Rise and Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_of_the_Unconscious=The Discovery of the Unconscious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthquake_Terror=Earthquake Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Riddle_of_Roses=A Riddle of Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fer-de-Lance_(novel)=Fer-de-Lance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Races_of_Destiny=Races of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infidel:_My_Life=Infidel: My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Croquet=Human Croquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Present_Age=My Present Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Andreas_(novel)=San Andreas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf's_Head,_Wolf's_Heart=Wolf's Head, Wolf's Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Thinking_Hats=Six Thinking Hats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harrowing_of_Gwynedd=The Harrowing of Gwynedd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ever_Since_Darwin=Ever Since Darwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_in_Scarlet=Peter Pan in Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Bullets=Thirteen Bullets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unit_Operations_of_Chemical_Engineering=Unit Operations of Chemical Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Light_a_Candle=To Light a Candle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn,_Invisible_Boy=Danny Dunn, Invisible Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Types_of_the_Scandinavian_Medieval_Ballad=The Types of the Scandinavian Medieval Ballad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wish_Giver=The Wish Giver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinner_(Douglass_novel)=Sinner (Douglass novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrim_(Sara_Douglass_novel)=Pilgrim (Sara Douglass novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RedRobe=RedRobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Javan's_Year=King Javan's Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Years=The Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Stories_of_Vernor_Vinge=The Collected Stories of Vernor Vinge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusader_(Sara_Douglass_novel)=Crusader (Sara Douglass novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Movies_You_Must_See_Before_You_Die=1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cythera_(novel)=Cythera (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sculptress=The Sculptress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaway_Bunny=The Runaway Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mon_Nationalism_and_Civil_War_in_Burma=Mon Nationalism and Civil War in Burma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_History_of_the_Five_Dynasties=New History of the Five Dynasties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snail_Mail_No_More=Snail Mail No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_Kids,_One_Summer=Eleven Kids, One Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yours_Turly,_Shirley=Yours Turly, Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Today_(novel)=Here Today (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meanest_Doll_in_the_World=The Meanest Doll in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Life:_The_Autobiography_of_a_Stray=A Dog's Life: The Autobiography of a Stray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Splinter_Cell:_Checkmate=Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Checkmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_on_the_Road=Killer on the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boleyn_Inheritance=The Boleyn Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo's_Mountain_of_Clams_and_the_Diet_of_Worms=Leonardo's Mountain of Clams and the Diet of Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Lectures_on_Yoga=Eight Lectures on Yoga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quicker_Than_the_Eye=Quicker Than the Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bastard_Prince=The Bastard Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Away_Peter=Fly Away Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Diana's_Revenge=Princess Diana's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Walk_in_Darkness=Those Who Walk in Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lincoln_Conspiracy_(book)=The Lincoln Conspiracy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathwatch_(novel)=Deathwatch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_Old_Norse=An Introduction to Old Norse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Kelson's_Bride=King Kelson's Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamy_(and_Rinck)=Lamy (and Rinck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clade_(novel)=Clade (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hen's_Teeth_and_Horse's_Toes=Hen's Teeth and Horse's Toes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Slingback=Manchester Slingback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creationism's_Trojan_Horse=Creationism's Trojan Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Alive:_A_Definitive_Biography_of_Lord_Greystoke=Tarzan Alive: A Definitive Biography of Lord Greystoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaaterskill_Falls_(novel)=Kaaterskill Falls (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undaunted_Courage=Undaunted Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hubris:_The_Inside_Story_of_Spin,_Scandal,_and_the_Selling_of_the_Iraq_War=Hubris: The Inside Story of Spin, Scandal, and the Selling of the Iraq War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Warrior=Culture Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starter_for_Ten_(novel)=Starter for Ten (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Have_Landed=I Have Landed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watt_(novel)=Watt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Line_of_Polity=The Line of Polity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleinzeit=Kleinzeit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Put_Out_More_Flags=Put Out More Flags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercier_and_Camier=Mercier and Camier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inheritance_of_Loss=The Inheritance of Loss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Bones=The Valley of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vivisector=The Vivisector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skinner=The Skinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfskin=Wolfskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Macnab=John Macnab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_by_the_Sea=The Village by the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner's_Base=Prisoner's Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Color_is_Your_Parachute%3F=What Color is Your Parachute?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanter_Completed:_A_Tribute_Anthology_for_L._Sprague_de_Camp=The Enchanter Completed: A Tribute Anthology for L. Sprague de Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constitution_of_Liberty=The Constitution of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restoration_(Tremain_novel)=Restoration (Tremain novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choosing_Death:_The_Improbable_History_of_Death_Metal_&_Grindcore=Choosing Death: The Improbable History of Death Metal & Grindcore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road=The Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_vs._Predator_(novel_series)=Aliens vs. Predator (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moth_Diaries=The Moth Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_the_Atomic_Bomb=The Making of the Atomic Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_King's_Service=In the King's Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion=The Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childe_Morgan=Childe Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristopia=Aristopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_of_QV66=The Voyage of QV66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstrange_Minds=Unstrange Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(Strindberg)=Inferno (Strindberg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Dreams=The Law of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Books_Do_Furnish_a_Room=Books Do Furnish a Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Christmas_Memory=A Christmas Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venus_of_Konpara=The Venus of Konpara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brief_History_of_the_Dead=The Brief History of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Female_Brain_(book)=The Female Brain (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mental_Radio=Mental Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Wraith_of_Shannara=Dark Wraith of Shannara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illustrated_Mum=The Illustrated Mum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfcry=Wolfcry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Composer_Is_Dead=The Composer Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution:_A_Theory_in_Crisis=Evolution: A Theory in Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Unusual_Sex_Practices=Encyclopedia of Unusual Sex Practices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man-Eater_of_Malgudi=The Man-Eater of Malgudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banker_to_the_Poor=Banker to the Poor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finite_and_Infinite_Games=Finite and Infinite Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anomalies=The Anomalies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Castle=The White Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_the_Artist=Torture the Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_But_Blue_Skies=Nothing But Blue Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(Woolf_novel)=Night and Day (Woolf novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Furs=Venus in Furs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimes_of_War=Crimes of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reminiscences_of_a_Stock_Operator=Reminiscences of a Stock Operator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_Enemy_Lines_(book)=Behind Enemy Lines (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Without_Words=Song Without Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinoza:_Practical_Philosophy=Spinoza: Practical Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bad_Case_of_Stripes=A Bad Case of Stripes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Controversy_Creates_Cash=Controversy Creates Cash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Water_(novella)=Black Water (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_FairTax_Book=The FairTax Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_That_Couldn't_Be=The World That Couldn't Be
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TV:_2000=TV: 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Flight:_Maiden_Voyages_in_Space_and_Time=First Flight: Maiden Voyages in Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_in_Copper=Venus in Copper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwinism,_Design_and_Public_Education=Darwinism, Design and Public Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_Mourning=Monday Mourning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos:_Making_a_New_Science=Chaos: Making a New Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castles_of_Steel=Castles of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambit_(novel)=Gambit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Father's_Rifle=My Father's Rifle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roald_Dahl:_Collected_Stories=Roald Dahl: Collected Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasshouse_(novel)=Glasshouse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Tales_of_the_Unexpected=More Tales of the Unexpected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulless:_Ann_Coulter_and_the_Right-Wing_Church_of_Hate=Soulless: Ann Coulter and the Right-Wing Church of Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Skin_(novel)=Under the Skin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Theory_of_Relativity=A Theory of Relativity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Pi=A History of Pi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Fables=Two Fables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Miracles=Small Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Audacity_of_Hope=The Audacity of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychological_Types=Psychological Types
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alchemical_Studies=Alchemical Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseradish:_Bitter_Truths_You_Can't_Avoid=Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tesseract_(novel)=The Tesseract (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blade_of_Conan=The Blade of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spell_of_Conan=The Spell of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Forces_(book)=Dark Forces (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hades'_Daughter=Hades' Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_to_the_Dawn=Sing to the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Andalite's_Gift=The Andalite's Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_the_Ticket=The Price of the Ticket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Time_of_Dinosaurs=In the Time of Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_with_Food_at_Gipsy_House=Memories with Food at Gipsy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Year=My Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyme_Stew=Rhyme Stew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometime_Never:_A_Fable_for_Supermen=Sometime Never: A Fable for Supermen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iraq_Study_Group_Report=Iraq Study Group Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/55_Short_Stories_from_the_New_Yorker=55 Short Stories from the New Yorker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Evidence_(novel)=Body of Evidence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Remains_(novel)=All That Remains (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_and_Unusual_(novel)=Cruel and Unusual (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Farm_(novel)=The Body Farm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Potter's_Field=From Potter's Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cause_of_Death_(novel)=Cause of Death (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornet's_Nest_(novel)=Hornet's Nest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unnatural_Exposure_(novel)=Unnatural Exposure (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jade_Trilogy=The Jade Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Diary_of_a_Japanese_Girl=The American Diary of a Japanese Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irretrievable=Irretrievable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Before=Back to Before
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Irish_Girl=The Wild Irish Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Betrothed_(Scott_novel)=The Betrothed (Scott novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titan's_Curse=The Titan's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Fetish=The Great Fetish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immodest_Proposals=Immodest Proposals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Almanack=Ladies Almanack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Therapies=Crazy Therapies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Hearts,_Captive_Minds=Captive Hearts, Captive Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Infinity=The Man Who Knew Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounded_Choice=Bounded Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_and_the_Boingers_Bootleg=Billy and the Boingers Bootleg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Tall=Mr. Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combatting_Cult_Mind_Control=Combatting Cult Mind Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Privilege=The Price of Privilege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Inferno=The Glass Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doppelganger_(novel)=Doppelganger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueberries_for_Sal=Blueberries for Sal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technics_and_Civilization=Technics and Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jovah's_Angel=Jovah's Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth-Teller's_Tale=The Truth-Teller's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alleluia_Files=The Alleluia Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel-Seeker=Angel-Seeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hockey_Book_for_Girls=The Hockey Book for Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Were_Here_(novel)=Wish You Were Here (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yiddish_Policemen's_Union=The Yiddish Policemen's Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Murders_(novel)=The Oxford Murders (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Blood_(Lorna_Sage)=Bad Blood (Lorna Sage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_and_Sorcery=Swords and Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spell_of_Seven=The Spell of Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Force_10_From_Navarone=Force 10 From Navarone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Tomorrow_&_Other_Stories=More Tomorrow & Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_the_Main_Sequence=Off the Main Sequence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pit_(Norris_novel)=The Pit (Norris novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_and_the_Dinosaur=Danny and the Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Negative_Dialectics=Negative Dialectics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantastic_Swordsmen=The Fantastic Swordsmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlocks_and_Warriors=Warlocks and Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Viking=Space Viking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discoverers=The Discoverers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wounded_Land=The Wounded Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Tree=The One Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Gold_Wielder=White Gold Wielder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_(novel)=Water (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Persephone=Double Persephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayer_for_a_Child=Prayer for a Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldritch_Wizardry=Eldritch Wizardry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IWoz=IWoz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_History_of_the_Five_Dynasties=Old History of the Five Dynasties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Africa=Out of Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens:_Earth_Hive=Aliens: Earth Hive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Every_Mistake=With Every Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/None_But_Lucifer=None But Lucifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry_Days=John Henry Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_(novel)=Zombie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_du_Jour=Death du Jour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golem_(David_Wisniewski_book)=Golem (David Wisniewski book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_to_the_Sun=Arrow to the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_of_Khan=Treasure of Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumbsucker_(novel)=Thumbsucker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creators=The Creators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styles_of_Radical_Will=Styles of Radical Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Decisions=Deadly Decisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expecting_Someone_Taller=Expecting Someone Taller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Afraid_of_Beowulf%3F=Who's Afraid of Beowulf?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorsai!=Dorsai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_and_the_Purple_Crayon=Harold and the Purple Crayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloom_County_Babylon=Bloom County Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_Like_a_Lotus=A House Like a Lotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carrot_Seed=The Carrot Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightjohn=Nightjohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Box=Treasure Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontogeny_and_Phylogeny_(book)=Ontogeny and Phylogeny (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Echo_Maker=The Echo Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_a_Girl_Like_You=Take a Girl Like You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumb_Luck_(novel)=Dumb Luck (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Our_Singing=The Time of Our Singing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Halloween=It's Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slowness_(novel)=Slowness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_Your_Dragon=Paint Your Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_the_Sun_(novel)=Here Comes the Sun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leap_into_Darkness=Leap into Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_the_Dwarven_Depths=Dragons of the Dwarven Depths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanter_Reborn=The Enchanter Reborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hedgehog,_the_Fox,_and_the_Magister's_Pox=The Hedgehog, the Fox, and the Magister's Pox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Hunt=The Big Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_our_Darkness=Time of our Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/T_zero=T zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_of_Surprises=A Life of Surprises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_During_Wartime_(anthology)=Life During Wartime (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncommon_Dissent=Uncommon Dissent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exotic_Enchanter=The Exotic Enchanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyote_Waits=Coyote Waits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maze_(2004)=The Maze (2004)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Ravens=The City of Ravens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_Return_of_the_Dark_Side=The Last of the Jedi: Return of the Dark Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_(novel)=Brain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endymion_(Simmons_novel)=Endymion (Simmons novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivors_of_the_Chancellor=The Survivors of the Chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seekers_(book)=The Seekers (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Oak=Thunder Oak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_Too_Ticklish_to_Tell=Tales Too Ticklish to Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Child=One Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compleat_Enchanter=The Compleat Enchanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_for_a_Tiger=Time for a Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Twins=War of the Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Darwin's_God=Finding Darwin's God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haters_(novel)=Haters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Beauty=On Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Berets_(book)=The Green Berets (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Biographical_Dictionary_of_Film=The New Biographical Dictionary of Film
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Sold_My_Soul_on_eBay=I Sold My Soul on eBay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_Are_Ours!=The Stars Are Ours!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Compleat_Enchanter=The Complete Compleat Enchanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fortunate_Life=A Fortunate Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_an_Urban_Robinson_Crusoe=Journal of an Urban Robinson Crusoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Appetites=American Appetites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin_(novel)=Lenin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guts:_The_True_Stories_Behind_Hatchet_and_the_Brian_Books=Guts: The True Stories Behind Hatchet and the Brian Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yavana_Rani=Yavana Rani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sid!=Sid!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Sketches=Book of Sketches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Far_Sunset=A Far Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkly_Dreaming_Dexter=Darkly Dreaming Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doomsters=The Doomsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hand_Clapping_(novel)=One Hand Clapping (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Golden_Blood=In Golden Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Black_Rooms=From Black Rooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Barbarian=I Am a Barbarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigfield=Wigfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Market_for_Liberty=The Market for Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Mage=Complete Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randamoozham=Randamoozham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_from_Golgotha:_The_Gospel_According_to_Gore_Vidal=Live from Golgotha: The Gospel According to Gore Vidal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_the_Mary_Kay_Commandos=The Night of the Mary Kay Commandos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Yakuza=Confessions of a Yakuza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/90_Minutes_in_Heaven=90 Minutes in Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Side:_Evolution_of_a_Game=The Blind Side: Evolution of a Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katrina_(novel)=Katrina (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Without_a_Name=Family Without a Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci:_The_Flights_of_the_Mind=Leonardo da Vinci: The Flights of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Intimate_Contact=The First Intimate Contact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krabat=Krabat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founding_Brothers=Founding Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Holler=Ruby Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinhoe_Egg=The Pinhoe Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracks_(novel)=Tracks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_with_the_Black_Dragon=Tea with the Black Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_Works_(Bernice_Summerfield_anthology)=Collected Works (Bernice Summerfield anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radio_tekee_muron=Radio tekee muron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Error=Mortal Error
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabulous_Clipjoint=The Fabulous Clipjoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passing_(novel)=Passing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physics_of_Star_Trek=The Physics of Star Trek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_White_Horse=The Little White Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clea_(novel)=Clea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Blooper=The Phantom Blooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Ayodhya=Prince of Ayodhya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abecedarium_(Trubar)=Abecedarium (Trubar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rupasi_Bangla=Rupasi Bangla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cambridge_Dictionary_of_Philosophy=The Cambridge Dictionary of Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wealthy_Barber=The Wealthy Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Traveler_from_Altruria=A Traveler from Altruria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Praise_of_Shadows=In Praise of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memoirs_of_Cleopatra=The Memoirs of Cleopatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Hearts_in_Battersea=Black Hearts in Battersea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deerslayer=The Deerslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_My_Head_Look_Big_in_This%3F=Does My Head Look Big in This?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Things_I_Hate_About_Me=Ten Things I Hate About Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Hundred_Leagues_on_the_Amazon=Eight Hundred Leagues on the Amazon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_and_South_(trilogy)=North and South (trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_on_the_Plain_(novel)=Fires on the Plain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Is_a_Force_That_Gives_Us_Meaning=War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_of_May=Hawk of May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Summer=Kingdom of Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Time_(book)=About Time (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomes_Penyeach=Pomes Penyeach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stripping_of_the_Altars=The Stripping of the Altars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Army_(novel)=Red Army (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abortion:_An_Historical_Romance_1966=The Abortion: An Historical Romance 1966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpleasant_Profession_of_Jonathan_Hoag_(collection)=The Unpleasant Profession of Jonathan Hoag (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fashion_in_Shrouds=The Fashion in Shrouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defenders_of_the_Faith_(Dungeons_&_Dragons)=Defenders of the Faith (Dungeons & Dragons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Apprentice=Space Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Mind=The Third Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Bridge=The Haunted Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon_the_Cutpurse=Gideon the Cutpurse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Quiet_Sun=The Year of the Quiet Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_Down_in_Darkness_(novel)=Lie Down in Darkness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother_Jack=My Brother Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bill_James_Historical_Baseball_Abstract=The Bill James Historical Baseball Abstract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Generation_(book)=The Lost Generation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_the_Emerald_City=The Wizard of the Emerald City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_with_the_Green_Shutters=The House with the Green Shutters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_&_Jill_(novel)=Jack & Jill (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_of_Swine=Generation of Swine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faber_Book_of_Irish_Verse=Faber Book of Irish Verse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_as_You_Are:_The_Story_of_Nirvana=Come as You Are: The Story of Nirvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awake_and_Dreaming=Awake and Dreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamber_Music_(book)=Chamber Music (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Attitude_to_Rain=The Right Attitude to Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_and_I_(novel)=The Queen and I (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescuing_Da_Vinci=Rescuing Da Vinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atom_Station=The Atom Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Blue_Fire=River of Blue Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_of_Black_Glass=Mountain of Black Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Silver_Light=Sea of Silver Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Passage_(novel)=Middle Passage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measuring_the_World=Measuring the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Flute=The Tin Flute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_from_the_English_and_Scottish_Ballads=Stories from the English and Scottish Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Changed_(anthology)=Something Changed (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormwrack=Stormwrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dereliction_of_Duty_(1997_book)=Dereliction of Duty (1997 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benny_Shaw=Benny Shaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nation_at_Risk=A Nation at Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wellstone=The Wellstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeps_(novel)=Peeps (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collectors_(novel)=The Collectors (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_Gardens=Cool Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Over_(book)=Game Over (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Roses_(book)=Blood and Roses (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amy's_Eyes=Amy's Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieut._Gullivar_Jones:_His_Vacation=Lieut. Gullivar Jones: His Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethel_and_Ernest=Ethel and Ernest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_is_business=Business is business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vital_Signs_(novel)=Vital Signs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindsight_(Cook_novel)=Blindsight (Cook novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_Men_Necessary%3F=Are Men Necessary?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Famous_(novel)=Dead Famous (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Earth,_White_Earth=Red Earth, White Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossamer_(novel)=Gossamer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Body,_Clear_Mind=Clear Body, Clear Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_My_Mother_Doesn't_Know=What My Mother Doesn't Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Dragon=Eye of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodletting_&_Miraculous_Cures=Bloodletting & Miraculous Cures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Firetop_Mountain=Return to Firetop Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury_(Star_Wars_novel)=Fury (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_Again!=Anastasia Again!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_at_Your_Service=Anastasia at Your Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia,_Ask_Your_Analyst=Anastasia, Ask Your Analyst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_on_Her_Own=Anastasia on Her Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_Has_the_Answers=Anastasia Has the Answers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia's_Chosen_Career=Anastasia's Chosen Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_at_This_Address=Anastasia at This Address
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastasia_Absolutely=Anastasia Absolutely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artist's_Way=The Artist's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceptable_Risk=Acceptable Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seizure_(Cook_novel)=Seizure (Cook novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zooman_Sam=Zooman Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Report_Card=The Report Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courts_of_the_Morning=The Courts of the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawbreaker:_The_Attack_on_bin_Laden_and_al-Qaeda=Jawbreaker: The Attack on bin Laden and al-Qaeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Bright_and_the_Buckminster_Boy=Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Family_(novel)=The Royal Family (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlas_(novel)=The Atlas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice-Shirt=The Ice-Shirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Heat_of_the_Night_(novel)=In the Heat of the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rifles_(novel)=The Rifles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphans_of_Chaos=Orphans of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostbite_(Wellington_novel)=Frostbite (Wellington novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammered_(Bear_novel)=Hammered (Bear novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Pains_(book)=Growing Pains (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kalahari_Typing_School_for_Men=The Kalahari Typing School for Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrier_(novel)=Terrier (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elves_of_Cintra=The Elves of Cintra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Much_to_Tell_You=So Much to Tell You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_the_Golden_Dragon=Kingdom of the Golden Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_of_Vega=Agent of Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Flight_(book)=Last Flight (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rebel_in_Time=A Rebel in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prester_John_(novel)=Prester John (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power-House=The Power-House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Four_Winds=The House of the Four Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancing_Floor=The Dancing Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gap_in_the_Curtain=The Gap in the Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icefire_(d'Lacey_novel)=Icefire (d'Lacey novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_of_Monsters=The Sea of Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Today_is_Tonight=Today is Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninth_Key=Ninth Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguin_Guide_to_Jazz=The Penguin Guide to Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Bond=The Book of Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreta:_Dragonlady_of_Pern=Moreta: Dragonlady of Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonsdawn=Dragonsdawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memory_Keeper's_Daughter=The Memory Keeper's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Renegades_of_Pern=The Renegades of Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Pern:_First_Fall=The Chronicles of Pern: First Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Loving=The Art of Loving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolkien's_Legendarium=Tolkien's Legendarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_in_Pieces=A Life in Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_in_the_Land=Brother in the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farming_of_Bones=The Farming of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wormwood_(G._P._Taylor)=Wormwood (G. P. Taylor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20_Hrs.,_40_Min.=20 Hrs., 40 Min.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fun_of_It=The Fun of It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Key=The Final Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Machine_(novel)=The God Machine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_River_Sutra=A River Sutra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Barrel_of_Laughs,_a_Vale_of_Tears=A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Side_of_the_Mountain=My Side of the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Chocolate_War=Beyond the Chocolate War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Inn=The Flying Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meme_Machine=The Meme Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Joie_de_vivre=La Joie de vivre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_Beyond_Time=Tales Beyond Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_the_Chasch=City of the Chasch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/3000_Years_of_Fantasy_and_Science_Fiction=3000 Years of Fantasy and Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servants_of_the_Wankh=Servants of the Wankh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirdir=The Dirdir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pnume=The Pnume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stopping_at_Slowyear=Stopping at Slowyear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavender_and_Old_Lace=Lavender and Old Lace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Rose_and_Silver=Old Rose and Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature's_Garden:_An_Aid_to_Knowledge_of_our_Wild_Flowers_and_their_Insect_Visitors=Nature's Garden: An Aid to Knowledge of our Wild Flowers and their Insect Visitors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Neighbors=Bird Neighbors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_an_Island=Once Upon an Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man's_Island=One Man's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Lives_(anthology)=Parallel Lives (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Men_Diaries=The Dead Men Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothers_and_Sons=Mothers and Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_the_Snow_Leopard=The Search for the Snow Leopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_the_New_Forest=The Children of the New Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capricornia_(novel)=Capricornia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_Man_(novel)=Falling Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quiver_Full_of_Arrows=A Quiver Full of Arrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Twist_in_the_Tale_(book)=A Twist in the Tale (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Red_Herrings=Twelve Red Herrings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ides_of_March_(novel)=The Ides of March (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almanac_of_the_Dead=Almanac of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upside_of_Down=The Upside of Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dublin:_Foundation=Dublin: Foundation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chaser_Annual=The Chaser Annual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Autumn_In_Acadiana=Yankee Autumn In Acadiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Ron_Hubbard,_Messiah_or_Madman%3F=L. Ron Hubbard, Messiah or Madman?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imre:_A_Memorandum=Imre: A Memorandum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudin=Rudin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doomsday_Manuscript=The Doomsday Manuscript
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_of_the_Underworld=The Gods of the Underworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squire's_Crystal=The Squire's Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infernal_Nexus=The Infernal Nexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Prison_(novel)=The Glass Prison (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burger's_Daughter=Burger's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Square_Red,_Times_Square_Blue=Times Square Red, Times Square Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoya_(novel)=Zoya (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meridian_(novel)=Meridian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Did_It=If I Did It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kitchen_God's_Wife=The Kitchen God's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicinemaker:_Mystic_Encounters_on_the_Shaman's_Path=Medicinemaker: Mystic Encounters on the Shaman's Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curious_Enlightenment_of_Professor_Caritat=The Curious Enlightenment of Professor Caritat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asleep_(novel)=Asleep (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right-Hand_Man=The Right-Hand Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_Garden=The Summer Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Home_(Peyton_novel)=Going Home (Peyton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kouga_Ninja_Scrolls=The Kouga Ninja Scrolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic:_The_Long_Night=Titanic: The Long Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Tsugumi=Goodbye Tsugumi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NP_(novel)=NP (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amrita_(novel)=Amrita (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Blue_Tattoo=Curse of the Blue Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces=Aunt Jane's Nieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe_Howard_and_the_Three_Stooges=Moe Howard and the Three Stooges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curly:_An_Illustrated_Biography_of_the_Superstooge=Curly: An Illustrated Biography of the Superstooge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch_Hunter_(novel)=The Witch Hunter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Bear=The Biggest Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thought_Reform_and_the_Psychology_of_Totalism=Thought Reform and the Psychology of Totalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We're_Going_to_Make_You_a_Star=We're Going to Make You a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Periodic_Table_(book)=The Periodic Table (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Masculine_Ending=A Masculine Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Ship=The Phantom Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vlad_the_Drac=Vlad the Drac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer_Tempest=A Midsummer Tempest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_Is_Sick=The Doctor Is Sick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Symphonie_Pastorale=La Symphonie Pastorale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Passions=Hidden Passions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Songbook=Children's Songbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_of_Man=The Journey of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_of_Noon=Blue of Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Boy=War Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Go_Home_Again=You Can't Go Home Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Religion_Becomes_Evil=When Religion Becomes Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_October_Horse=The October Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Reilly_(novel)=Mary Reilly (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_for_the_Lions=Two for the Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emigrants_(novels)=The Emigrants (novels)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emigrants_(Vilhelm_Moberg_novel)=The Emigrants (Vilhelm Moberg novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Launch=Night Launch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Must_Remember_This=You Must Remember This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnum_Crimen=Magnum Crimen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_by_Night=The Moon by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_(book)=Maverick (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Days=12 Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labyrinth_of_Reflections=Labyrinth of Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pattern_of_Roses=A Pattern of Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaler_Gharer_Dulal=Alaler Gharer Dulal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needle_in_the_Groove=Needle in the Groove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Agent=The Chinese Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Unicorns=The Young Unicorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Town_Will_Never_Let_Us_Go=This Town Will Never Let Us Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putin's_Russia_(book)=Putin's Russia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Rocheworld=Return to Rocheworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguin_Guide_to_Blues_Recordings=The Penguin Guide to Blues Recordings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Antipope=The Antipope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digging_to_America=Digging to America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Maybe=Saint Maybe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Is_Solid_Melts_into_Air=All That Is Solid Melts into Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Silk=French Silk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Fairy_Tales=American Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boba_Fett:_A_Practical_Man=Boba Fett: A Practical Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradbury_Stories:_100_of_His_Most_Celebrated_Tales=Bradbury Stories: 100 of His Most Celebrated Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_to_the_Bone=Silent to the Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Piece_of_Paradise=Strange Piece of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Revenge_(novel)=Sharpe's Revenge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldorado_(novel)=Eldorado (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sound_Like_Someone_Trying_Not_to_Make_a_Sound=A Sound Like Someone Trying Not to Make a Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Rogers:_A_Life_in_the_Future=Buck Rogers: A Life in the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlords_of_Utopia=Warlords of Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxmask=Foxmask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadassah:_One_Night_with_the_King=Hadassah: One Night with the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_the_World:_The_Oral_History_of_a_Band_Called_Pixies=Fool the World: The Oral History of a Band Called Pixies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Photographs_that_Changed_the_World=100 Photographs that Changed the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_Catches_You_and_You_Fall_Down=The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swastika_Night=Swastika Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1812:_The_Rivers_of_War=1812: The Rivers of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Like_It_Hot_(novel)=Some Like It Hot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scottish_Folk_Tales=Scottish Folk Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Conan=The Sword of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Conan=King Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_Conan=The Coming of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(1955_collection)=Conan the Barbarian (1955 collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mode_series=Mode series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(McGahan_novel)=Underground (McGahan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Optimist's_Daughter=The Optimist's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_the_Orgone=Me and the Orgone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Rebel=Conan the Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_of_Kings=The Road of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Skelos=The Sword of Skelos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Sorcerer=Conan and the Sorcerer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Mercenary=Conan the Mercenary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Human_Nature=On Human Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Toya:_Growing_Up_in_the_Jackson_Family=La Toya: Growing Up in the Jackson Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_(novel)=Chase (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Information_(novel)=The Information (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_of_Kadar=The Night of Kadar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourth_Mansions=Fourth Mansions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Apple_Take_Down=Big Apple Take Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabble_Starkey=Rabble Starkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antisemitica=Antisemitica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Mythology=Monster Mythology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alan_Mendelsohn,_the_Boy_from_Mars=Alan Mendelsohn, the Boy from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wren_to_the_Rescue=Wren to the Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian's_Return=Brian's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Stolen_Future=Our Stolen Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romanian:_Story_of_an_Obsession=The Romanian: Story of an Obsession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FAT!SO%3F=FAT!SO?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Person_Plural:_My_Life_As_a_Multiple=First Person Plural: My Life As a Multiple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_Thief=The Book Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Destroyer_(novel)=Conan the Destroyer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_A=Boy A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodthirst_(novel)=Bloodthirst (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Light_of_the_Study_Lamp=By the Light of the Study Lamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_of_the_Worlds=Wonder of the Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Primitives_(book)=Modern Primitives (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Roses=The English Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netochka_Nezvanova_(novel)=Netochka Nezvanova (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kafka_Effekt=The Kafka Effekt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Picturegoers=The Picturegoers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Smarter_Than_Me=We Are Smarter Than Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_the_Scarlet_Pimpernel=The League of the Scarlet Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_(Sol_Yurick_novel)=The Warriors (Sol Yurick novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soldier_and_the_State=The Soldier and the State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairy_Maclary_from_Donaldson's_Dairy=Hairy Maclary from Donaldson's Dairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Fairies=The Sea Fairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_in_Blue:_The_Fourth_Summer_of_the_Sisterhood=Forever in Blue: The Fourth Summer of the Sisterhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_the_Oak=Sons of the Oak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaws_(novel)=Jaws (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click,_Clack,_Moo=Click, Clack, Moo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giggle,_Giggle,_Quack=Giggle, Giggle, Quack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dooby_Dooby_Moo=Dooby Dooby Moo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck_for_President=Duck for President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_(novel)=Living (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_a_Life_(novel)=Half a Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gender_Blender=Gender Blender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Evidence=The Book of Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Island=Sky Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_the_Life_and_Voyages_of_Christopher_Columbus=A History of the Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Nuke=Operation Nuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Crystal=High Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyborg_IV=Cyborg IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ganymede_Takeover=The Ganymede Takeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_on_the_Loose=Stranger on the Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alligator_Pie=Alligator Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spring_to_Come=The Spring to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Financier=The Financier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayonara_Jupiter=Sayonara Jupiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yearling=The Yearling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animals_of_Farthing_Wood_(book)=The Animals of Farthing Wood (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Island_of_Yew=The Enchanted Island of Yew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon:_A_Novel_of_Berlin=Armageddon: A Novel of Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Jihad=Inside the Jihad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_(Card_novel)=Empire (Card novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles_of_Avonlea=Chronicles of Avonlea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Chronicles_of_Avonlea=Further Chronicles of Avonlea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderers_of_Time=Wanderers of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(Jack_London_novel)=The Game (Jack London novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thanksgiving_Visitor=The Thanksgiving Visitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luha_ng_Buwaya=Luha ng Buwaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immaculate_Conception_(novel)=The Immaculate Conception (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazons_(novel)=Amazons (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Seeing=The Art of Seeing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Medicine_(novel)=Strong Medicine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone-Away_Lake=Gone-Away Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Ultimate_Evil=Batman: The Ultimate Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_the_Humble=The Treasure of the Humble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Book_about_ME=My Book about ME
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Killer_(novel)=Cop Killer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrorists=The Terrorists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bridge_Too_Far_(book)=A Bridge Too Far (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_the_Savoy=Murder at the Savoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_and_Origins_of_Mass_Opinion=The Nature and Origins of Mass Opinion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_International_Politics=Theory of International Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtship_Rite=Courtship Rite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Queen=Rogue Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Goddess_and_the_Son=The Moon Goddess and the Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Knew_He_Was_Right=He Knew He Was Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_the_Sky_Galleons=Clash of the Sky Galleons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You_Make_It=What You Make It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolly_Scramble=Lolly Scramble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychohistorical_Crisis=Psychohistorical Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_in_a_Pill%3F=God in a Pill?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippyjon_Jones=Skippyjon Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radiant_Seas=The Radiant Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Journey_(novel)=The Night Journey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Music_(novel)=Water Music (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Physics=The Trouble with Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sociological_Imagination=The Sociological Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_End_(Boyle_novel)=World's End (Boyle novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pyrates=The Pyrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sledding_Hill=The Sledding Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Three_Questions_That_Count=The Only Three Questions That Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Templar=The Last Templar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Roads_to_Quantum_Gravity=Three Roads to Quantum Gravity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consider_the_Oyster=Consider the Oyster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descent:_An_Irresistible_Tragicomedy_of_Everyday_Life=Descent: An Irresistible Tragicomedy of Everyday Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backlash:_The_Undeclared_War_Against_American_Women=Backlash: The Undeclared War Against American Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funeral_Games_(novel)=Funeral Games (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dekada_'70_(novel)=Dekada '70 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelers_(novel)=Wheelers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_at_the_Museum=The Night at the Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizens:_A_Chronicle_of_the_French_Revolution=Citizens: A Chronicle of the French Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonestown:_The_Power_and_the_Myth_of_Alan_Jones=Jonestown: The Power and the Myth of Alan Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivor_(Keneally_novel)=The Survivor (Keneally novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories,_Dreams,_Reflections=Memories, Dreams, Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sweet_Audrina=My Sweet Audrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazzat_Un_Nisa=Lazzat Un Nisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Assembly_Such_as_This=An Assembly Such as This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amateur_Gentleman=The Amateur Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascending=Ascending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Barnstormer_in_Oz=A Barnstormer in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emerald_Wand_of_Oz=The Emerald Wand of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_Under_Oz=Trouble Under Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Color_Terms:_Their_Universality_and_Evolution=Basic Color Terms: Their Universality and Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_(novel)=Doomsday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Mirrors=False Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_of_Alaizabel_Cray=The Haunting of Alaizabel Cray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Our_Yesterdays_(book)=All Our Yesterdays (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Overgrown_Paths=On Overgrown Paths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer:_A_History_of_the_Information_Machine=Computer: A History of the Information Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_City_(novel)=Fat City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Boy_Shuffle=The White Boy Shuffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_House_Flowers=Hot House Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outposts:_Journeys_to_the_Surviving_Relics_of_the_British_Empire=Outposts: Journeys to the Surviving Relics of the British Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_Beatie_Bow=Playing Beatie Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Evenings=Ancient Evenings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchman_(novel)=Watchman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awful_End=Awful End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Carter_novel)=Love (Carter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rabbit_Factory=The Rabbit Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Watch=Last Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorcerer_in_the_North=The Sorcerer in the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_in_the_Blanket=The Enemy in the Blanket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beds_in_the_East=Beds in the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_of_a_State=Devil of a State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Things=Fragile Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_pata_da_gazela=A pata da gazela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thieves_of_Ostia=The Thieves of Ostia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_Lost=Almost Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulp_(novel)=Pulp (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanitas_(novel)=Romanitas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Veil_(novel)=The Painted Veil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_in_the_New_World=Haunted in the New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Rights_Seriously=Taking Rights Seriously
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kaiser's_Last_Kiss=The Kaiser's Last Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Elfland's_Daughter=The King of Elfland's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_Girl_(novel)=Nature Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charwoman's_Shadow=The Charwoman's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddha_Da=Buddha Da
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Black=Beyond Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_(Elizabeth_Jane_Howard_novel)=Falling (Elizabeth Jane Howard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parent's_Assistant=The Parent's Assistant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_Page_d'amour=Une Page d'amour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Peckham_Rye=The Ballad of Peckham Rye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ethos_Effect=The Ethos Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poverty,_A_Study_of_Town_Life=Poverty, A Study of Town Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evenings_at_Home=Evenings at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Rain=The Small Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clean_Breast=A Clean Breast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Raja=Dragon Raja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Highways=Blue Highways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Detective_(novel)=The Detective (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quincas_Borba=Quincas Borba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crusades_Through_Arab_Eyes=The Crusades Through Arab Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crack_Up_at_the_Race_Riots=A Crack Up at the Race Riots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Ray_(book)=X-Ray (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Tell_Ourselves_Stories_in_Order_to_Live=We Tell Ourselves Stories in Order to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Urth_of_the_New_Sun=The Urth of the New Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_Earth=Pig Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Without_Denial_Grief_Without_Apology=Death Without Denial Grief Without Apology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_to_an_Answer=The Right to an Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mam'zelle_Guillotine=Mam'zelle Guillotine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damia_(novel)=Damia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serafim_Ponte_Grande=Serafim Ponte Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Delphi_and_Die=See Delphi and Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_in_Paris=The House in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Door_into_the_Dark=Door into the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintering_Out=Wintering Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(poetry)=North (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Yesterday_(novel)=So Yesterday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleet_of_Worlds=Fleet of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Magic=Dragon Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cityscape_(Dungeons_&_Dragons)=Cityscape (Dungeons & Dragons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandstorm_(Dungeons_&_Dragons)=Sandstorm (Dungeons & Dragons)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spell_Compendium=Spell Compendium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiendish_Codex_I:_Hordes_of_the_Abyss=Fiendish Codex I: Hordes of the Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiendish_Codex_II:_Tyrants_of_the_Nine_Hells=Fiendish Codex II: Tyrants of the Nine Hells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Races_of_the_Dragon=Races of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Races_of_the_Wild=Races of the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Races_of_Stone=Races of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planar_Handbook=Planar Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual_IV=Monster Manual IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunters_(novel)=The Hunters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_guerra_dos_mascates=A guerra dos mascates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemies_of_Books=The Enemies of Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_Island_(poetry)=Station Island (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_(Holmes_novel)=Go (Holmes novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afterlife_Experiments=The Afterlife Experiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Companion_to_Food=Oxford Companion to Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_the_Baby_Whisperer=Secrets of the Baby Whisperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon's_Malteser=The Falcon's Malteser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Talk=Whale Talk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Blind_Mice=Four Blind Mice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Invasion_from_Mars=The Second Invasion from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Charmed_Life=A Charmed Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Is_East_(novel)=East Is East (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riven_Rock=Riven Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_City_(novel)=Drop City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeney_Astray=Sweeney Astray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vision_of_Battlements=A Vision of Battlements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_Chariot=The Diamond Chariot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Moulokin=Mission to Moulokin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_from_Italy=Pictures from Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_Level_(poetry)=The Spirit Level (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haw_Lantern=The Haw Lantern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Work_(poetry)=Field Work (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erasing_Sherlock=Erasing Sherlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alien_Sea=The Alien Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survivor_(Octavia_Butler_novel)=Survivor (Octavia Butler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tasmanian_Babes_Fiasco=The Tasmanian Babes Fiasco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arte_de_la_lengua_mexicana_y_castellana=Arte de la lengua mexicana y castellana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Had_Your_Time,_Being_the_Second_Part_of_the_Confessions_of_Anthony_Burgess=You've Had Your Time, Being the Second Part of the Confessions of Anthony Burgess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Repay_(novel)=I Will Repay (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Percy_Leads_the_Band=Sir Percy Leads the Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Acts=Between the Acts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Globalization_Work=Making Globalization Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam:_The_Straight_Path=Islam: The Straight Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modern_Instance=A Modern Instance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Friends_(anthology)=Old Friends (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Tony's_Wife=Lord Tony's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elusive_Pimpernel_(novel)=The Elusive Pimpernel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assault_on_Reason=The Assault on Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauche_the_Cellist=Gauche the Cellist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Love:_A_Gothic_Tale=First Love: A Gothic Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blonde_(novel)=Blonde (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looming_Fog=The Looming Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delivered_from_Evil=Delivered from Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Tale=Tiger Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seductive_Poison=Seductive Poison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_Against_the_Veil=Rage Against the Veil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_at_Christmas=Frost at Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Dr._Fu-Manchu=The Mystery of Dr. Fu-Manchu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F_(book)=Where's Wally? (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally_in_Hollywood%3F=Where's Wally in Hollywood?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F_The_Wonder_Book=Where's Wally? The Wonder Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F:_The_Great_Picture_Hunt=Where's Wally?: The Great Picture Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F:_The_Ultimate_Fun_Book=Where's Wally?: The Ultimate Fun Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F:_The_Magnificent_Poster_Book!=Where's Wally?: The Magnificent Poster Book!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enderby's_Dark_Lady,_or_No_End_to_Enderby=Enderby's Dark Lady, or No End to Enderby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_and_Alive=Dead and Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tritonian_Ring=The Tritonian Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_by_the_Churchyard=The House by the Churchyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(Meyer_novel)=Eclipse (Meyer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remnant_Population=Remnant Population
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moomins_and_the_Great_Flood=The Moomins and the Great Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exploits_of_Moominpappa=The Exploits of Moominpappa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_Secret_Weapon=The Last of the Jedi: Secret Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinventing_Comics=Reinventing Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_in_the_Darkness=Echoes in the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Music_Guide_to_the_Blues=All Music Guide to the Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godwulf_Manuscript=The Godwulf Manuscript
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Stakes=Mortal Stakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_in_My_Life=One Day in My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiffed:_The_Betrayal_of_the_American_Man=Stiffed: The Betrayal of the American Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dearly_Devoted_Dexter=Dearly Devoted Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Bad_Wolf_(novel)=The Big Bad Wolf (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knights_of_Forty_Islands=Knights of Forty Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Dream=Nuclear Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crank_(novel)=Crank (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Kings_and_Princes=Pale Kings and Princes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Custom_of_the_Country=The Custom of the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_100-Mile_Diet=The 100-Mile Diet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Caroline=My Name Is Caroline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rhinemann_Exchange=The Rhinemann Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie:_La_La_La=Kylie: La La La
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misunderstanding_Cults=Misunderstanding Cults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Heart=Only the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Navarone_(novel)=The Guns of Navarone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guerilla_Filmmakers_Handbook=The Guerilla Filmmakers Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transparent_Stained-Glass_Windows=Transparent Stained-Glass Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triple_Hoax=The Triple Hoax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Saucer_Mystery=The Flying Saucer Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letters_of_Kingsley_Amis=The Letters of Kingsley Amis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonseye=Dragonseye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Music_Guide_to_Jazz=All Music Guide to Jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leven_Thumps_and_the_Gateway_to_Foo=Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Briar_King=The Briar King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Wing=Dragon Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elven_Star=Elven Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Sea=Fire Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_of_Chaos=The Hand of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpent_Mage=Serpent Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Labyrinth_(novel)=Into the Labyrinth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Gate=The Seventh Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Mask=Crystal Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_and_the_Light=Darkness and the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebel_Angels=Rebel Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_(Animorphs)=The Forgotten (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reaction_(Animorphs)=The Reaction (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Way_Home=The Wrong Way Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Swan_(2007_book)=The Black Swan (2007 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Design_of_Everyday_Things=The Design of Everyday Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10_Eventful_Years=10 Eventful Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsider_and_Others=The Outsider and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Wall_of_Sleep_(collection)=Beyond the Wall of Sleep (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Far_to_Go=Too Far to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couples_(novel)=Couples (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marginalia_(collection)=Marginalia (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Moon_(novel)=Shadow Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Dawn=Shadow Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe_book=Moe book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_About_Cats_and_Other_Pieces=Something About Cats and Other Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compendium_of_Pharmaceuticals_and_Specialties=Compendium of Pharmaceuticals and Specialties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dunwich_Horror_and_Others=The Dunwich Horror and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Mountains_of_Madness_and_Other_Novels=At the Mountains of Madness and Other Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sucessora=A Sucessora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Dawns=White Dawns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Undercover=Dawn Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Golden_Age=A Golden Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunted_(Gardner_novel)=Hunted (Gardner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_Deep_Space_Nine_Companion=Star Trek: Deep Space Nine Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Change_(Animorphs)=The Change (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_(Animorphs)=The Unknown (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother's_Road=My Brother's Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escape_(Animorphs)=The Escape (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warning_(Animorphs)=The Warning (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underground_(Animorphs)=The Underground (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decision_(Animorphs)=The Decision (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Departure_(Animorphs)=The Departure (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_(Animorphs)=The Discovery (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dagon_and_Other_Macabre_Tales=Dagon and Other Macabre Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blonde,_the_Brunette_and_the_Vengeful_Redhead=The Blonde, the Brunette and the Vengeful Redhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_Guards=The Phoenix Guards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Hundred_Years_After=Five Hundred Years After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viscount_of_Adrilankha=The Viscount of Adrilankha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Threat_(Animorphs)=The Threat (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solution_(Animorphs)=The Solution (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suspicion_(Animorphs)=The Suspicion (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extreme_(Animorphs)=The Extreme (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Attack_(Animorphs)=The Attack (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exposed_(Animorphs)=The Exposed (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Experiment_(Animorphs)=The Experiment (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sickness_(Animorphs)=The Sickness (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reunion_(Animorphs)=The Reunion (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conspiracy_(Animorphs)=The Conspiracy (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindless_Eating=Mindless Eating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eulalia!=Eulalia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pond=In the Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counterfeiters_(novel)=The Counterfeiters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_(novel)=Silk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Albums_You_Must_Hear_Before_You_Die=1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Front_(The_Dresden_Files)=Storm Front (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallows=Shallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Winter_Dark=In the Winter Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turning_(stories)=The Turning (stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Singular_Conspiracy=A Singular Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Continent_of_Circe=The Continent of Circe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thy_Hand,_Great_Anarch!=Thy Hand, Great Anarch!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Time's_Abyss=Out of Time's Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaze_(novel)=Blaze (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wreck_of_the_Zephyr=The Wreck of the Zephyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent's_Shadow_(Lackey_novel)=The Serpent's Shadow (Lackey novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Monkeys=Sand Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Fool's_Day_(novel)=April Fool's Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvia_(novel)=Sylvia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon's_Song=Solomon's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_in_the_Forest=The Castle in the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Nazareth=Man of Nazareth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliverance_(novel)=Deliverance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_People_Believe_Weird_Things=Why People Believe Weird Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Universe=Captive Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/July's_People=July's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loot_and_Other_Stories=Loot and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_the_Spider_Woman_(novel)=Kiss of the Spider Woman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sideways_Door=The Sideways Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Percy_Hits_Back=Sir Percy Hits Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_is_a_Mix_Tape=Love is a Mix Tape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Carve_Up!_(novel)=What a Carve Up! (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horror_in_the_Museum_and_Other_Revisions=The Horror in the Museum and Other Revisions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Red_Jericho=Operation Red Jericho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Reverie_for_Mister_Ray=A Reverie for Mister Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravitation_(book)=Gravitation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_(novel)=Echo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Any_Old_Iron_(novel)=Any Old Iron (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honest_to_God=Honest to God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayside_School_is_Falling_Down=Wayside School is Falling Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laughing_Cavalier_(novel)=The Laughing Cavalier (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayside_School_Gets_A_Little_Stranger=Wayside School Gets A Little Stranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideways_Arithmetic_from_Wayside_School=Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Act_of_Roger_Murgatroyd=The Act of Roger Murgatroyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_Prefer_Blondes_(novel)=Gentlemen Prefer Blondes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daily_News_(UK)=The Daily News (UK)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evermore_(book)=Evermore (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Worlds_Than_Ours=Other Worlds Than Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Lady_of_the_Assassins_(novel)=Our Lady of the Assassins (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_My_Virginity=Losing My Virginity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damia's_Children=Damia's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_to_the_Moon=Paris to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewels_of_Aptor=The Jewels of Aptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captives_of_the_Flame=Captives of the Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Towers_of_Toron=The Towers of Toron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_a_Thousand_Suns=City of a Thousand Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Beta-2=The Ballad of Beta-2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equinox_(novel)=Equinox (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_the_What=What Is the What
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Einstein_Intersection=The Einstein Intersection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Amber=The Devil in Amber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Frontier:_Human_Colonies_in_Space=The High Frontier: Human Colonies in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russian_Debutante's_Handbook=The Russian Debutante's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jennifer_Morgue=The Jennifer Morgue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_of_Black_Island=The Nightmare of Black Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meat_Loaf:_To_Hell_and_Back=Meat Loaf: To Hell and Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Eagle_Hunts=When the Eagle Hunts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikinomics=Wikinomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Risen_Empire=The Risen Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Internet=Hitchhiker's Guide to the Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis:_Three_Tales=Atlantis: Three Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Santini_(novel)=The Great Santini (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_Effect:_Revelation=Mass Effect: Revelation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_That_Stood_Still=The House That Stood Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azure_Bonds=Azure Bonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Angel=Green Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_the_Doomed=Songs of the Doomed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Scarlet_Pimpernel=The Way of the Scarlet Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabiola_(novel)=Fabiola (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Wiederentdecker_Uralter_Arischer_Weisheit=Der Wiederentdecker Uralter Arischer Weisheit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Continuous=Past Continuous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Destruction=The Art of Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Paradise=The Price of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Sorry_for_Celia=Feeling Sorry for Celia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_of_the_Revolution=A Child of the Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Sir_Percy=The First Sir Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triumph_of_the_Scarlet_Pimpernel=The Triumph of the Scarlet Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spaceships_of_Ezekiel=The Spaceships of Ezekiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Bell_Murders=The Chinese Bell Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Gold_Murders=The Chinese Gold Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Five_Years_of_an_Artist=Twenty Five Years of an Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Orange_Splot=The Big Orange Splot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Lake_Murders=The Chinese Lake Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Nail_Murders=The Chinese Nail Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Maze_Murders=The Chinese Maze Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Monastery=The Haunted Monastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stones_of_Nomuru=The Stones of Nomuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Pearl=The Emperor's Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lacquer_Screen=The Lacquer Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Pavilion=The Red Pavilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey_and_the_Tiger=The Monkey and the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_in_the_Waters=Dragons in the Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nepenthaceae_of_the_Netherlands_Indies=The Nepenthaceae of the Netherlands Indies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frozen_Deep=The Frozen Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shorter_Views=Shorter Views
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longer_Views=Longer Views
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Interviews=Silent Interviews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Willow_Pattern_(novel)=The Willow Pattern (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Canton=Murder in Canton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Temple=The Phantom of the Temple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_Dee_at_Work=Judge Dee at Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necklace_and_Calabash=Necklace and Calabash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poets_and_Murder=Poets and Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_(novel)=The Wind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_Far_Thing=The Sweet Far Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fairly_Honourable_Defeat=A Fairly Honourable Defeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indra's_Pearls_(book)=Indra's Pearls (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_Emma_Courtney=Memoirs of Emma Courtney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Book_for_Boys=The Dangerous Book for Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Righteous_Men=The Righteous Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Encyclopedia_of_Sexuality=International Encyclopedia of Sexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Boys_to_Men:_Gay_Men_Write_About_Growing_Up=From Boys to Men: Gay Men Write About Growing Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Time_Paradox=Artemis Fowl: The Time Paradox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexy_(novel)=Sexy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_in_the_Dark=Someone in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Convenient_Marriage=The Convenient Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Talisman_Ring=The Talisman Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Infamous_Army=An Infamous Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Space_and_Time=Out of Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Bride=The Spanish Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corinthian_(novel)=The Corinthian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro's_Daughter=Faro's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Widow=The Reluctant Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venetia_(Heyer_novel)=Venetia (Heyer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Riders=The Moon Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Quest=Song Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/December_6_(novel)=December 6 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostradamus_Ate_My_Hamster=Nostradamus Ate My Hamster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Benjamin_Bunny=The Tale of Benjamin Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_Quality=Lady of Quality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyddie=Lyddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousin_Kate=Cousin Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Colours=False Colours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nonesuch=The Nonesuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Civil_Contract=A Civil Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Glittering_Plain=The Story of the Glittering Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Ride_Alone_You_Ride_with_bin_Laden=When You Ride Alone You Ride with bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charity_Girl=Charity Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederica_(novel)=Frederica (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_the_Coldheart=Simon the Coldheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_and_the_Finger=The Eye and the Finger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lord_John=My Lord John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conqueror_(novel)=The Conqueror (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Roxhythe=The Great Roxhythe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Escape=Royal Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Garden_of_Earthly_Delights=A Garden of Earthly Delights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbee_and_Other_Uncanny_Tales=Jumbee and Other Uncanny Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entropy_Effect=The Entropy Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mockingbird_(Tevis_novel)=Mockingbird (Tevis novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Not_Alone_(novel)=We Are Not Alone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Worlds_(book)=Lost Worlds (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_in_the_Piazza_(novel)=The Light in the Piazza (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Not=The Book of Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_World=A Certain World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Astronomy=Bad Astronomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiki's_Delivery_Service_(novel)=Kiki's Delivery Service (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Time=Another Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_by_Java_Head=South by Java Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legacy_of_Luna=The Legacy of Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Step_on_a_Crack=Step on a Crack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Near=Something Near
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Killing=On Killing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe_Central=Europe Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_with_Swollen_Appendices=A Year with Swollen Appendices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bimbos_of_the_Death_Sun=Bimbos of the Death Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opener_of_the_Way=The Opener of the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies_Whose_Bright_Eyes=Ladies Whose Bright Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_House=Witch House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Tea_and_Other_Ghost_Stories=Green Tea and Other Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hounds_of_Tindalos_(book)=The Hounds of Tindalos (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Things_(poetry)=Seeing Things (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Periodic_Table_of_Science_Fiction=The Periodic Table of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Software_(novel)=Software (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doll_and_One_Other=The Doll and One Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TM_and_Cult_Mania=TM and Cult Mania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_on_the_Borderland_and_Other_Novels=The House on the Borderland and Other Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skull-Face_and_Others=Skull-Face and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Sharps,_Cowboys,_and_Thunder_Lizards=Bone Sharps, Cowboys, and Thunder Lizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_India_Lights=West India Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearful_Pleasures=Fearful Pleasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Drama_in_Livonia=A Drama in Livonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_and_High_Water_(book)=Hell and High Water (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_and_Apostle=Angel and Apostle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clock_Strikes_Twelve=The Clock Strikes Twelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Mouth_&_Ugly_Girl=Big Mouth & Ugly Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Mortal_Coil_(book)=This Mortal Coil (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_of_the_Moon:_Poems_of_Fantasy_and_the_Macabre=Dark of the Moon: Poems of Fantasy and the Macabre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramona's_World=Ramona's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_You_a_Secret=Keeping You a Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelations_in_Black=Revelations in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stratagem_and_other_Stories=The Stratagem and other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_Works_of_Aleister_Crowley_1905-1907=Collected Works of Aleister Crowley 1905-1907
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night's_Black_Agents=Night's Black Agents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mission_Song=The Mission Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreaming_Jewels=The Dreaming Jewels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Quetzal=Dark Quetzal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_on_Viking_Ships=They Came on Viking Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_Trouble=Car Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travelling_Grave_and_Other_Stories=The Travelling Grave and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_of_the_Magicians=The Morning of the Magicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetware_(novel)=Wetware (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beggar_Queen=The Beggar Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Wings_of_Song=On Wings of Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_(Gardner_novel)=Trapped (Gardner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockers_(novel)=Clockers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Senator_and_Me=My Senator and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Time_Machine_Hoax=The Great Time Machine Hoax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arte_para_aprender_la_lengua_mexicana=Arte para aprender la lengua mexicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Michalis=Captain Michalis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worms_Eat_My_Garbage=Worms Eat My Garbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_a_Day=All in a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conchologist's_First_Book=The Conchologist's First Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullabies_for_Little_Criminals=Lullabies for Little Criminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zak's_Lunch=Zak's Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Web_of_Easter_Island=The Web of Easter Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Book_of_Jorkens=The Fourth Book of Jorkens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Chaos_Died=And Chaos Died
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roads_(novel)=Roads (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Risk_Pool=The Risk Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Lies_(book)=Private Lies (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Loci_and_Other_Tales=Genius Loci and Other Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Long_for_this_World=Not Long for this World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recruit_(novel)=The Recruit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Class_A_(novel)=Class A (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Throne_of_Saturn_(short_story_collection)=The Throne of Saturn (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zastrozzi=Zastrozzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hornbook_for_Witches=A Hornbook for Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Strangers=Red Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Russian_Encyclopedia=Great Russian Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Boy=Funny Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Bough_Breaks_(novel)=When the Bough Breaks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Chateau=The Dark Chateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Poverty=The End of Poverty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_and_the_Blue_Flu=Mr. Monk and the Blue Flu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Underwood=Tales from Underwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night's_Yawning_Peal:_A_Ghostly_Company=Night's Yawning Peal: A Ghostly Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Security_(novel)=Maximum Security (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactic_North=Galactic North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteenth_Tale=The Thirteenth Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unless=Unless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Falls=Empire Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy:_A_Novel_of_Love_and_Addiction=Candy: A Novel of Love and Addiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_News,_It's_FARK=It's Not News, It's FARK
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beka_Lamb=Beka Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_Clone_Trilogy=Christ Clone Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_Yig_(book)=The Curse of Yig (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thriller_(book)=Thriller (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Book_(novel)=Black Book (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_Jesus_Christ=The Gospel According to Jesus Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Truth=On Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Attolia=The Queen of Attolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troubling_a_Star=Troubling a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feasting_Dead=The Feasting Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivor_and_Others=The Survivor and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gangs_of_New_York_(book)=The Gangs of New York (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleavened_Bread=Unleavened Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Comes_Evening=Always Comes Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenging_the_Chip=Challenging the Chip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jupiter_Myth=The Jupiter Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spells_and_Philtres=Spells and Philtres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wretched_Stone=The Wretched Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon's_Way=Shannon's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Cthulhu=The Mask of Cthulhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minstrel_Boy_(novel)=The Minstrel Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Horrors_and_a_Dream=Nine Horrors and a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Republic_Commando:_True_Colors=Star Wars Republic Commando: True Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irrational_Man=Irrational Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Thing=The Perfect Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Notes_on_H._P._Lovecraft=Some Notes on H. P. Lovecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shuttered_Room_and_Other_Pieces=The Shuttered Room and Other Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abominations_of_Yondo=The Abominations of Yondo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Dreams:_Nightmares=Pleasant Dreams: Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Glass_Darkly=In a Glass Darkly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wyvern's_Spur=The Wyvern's Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invaders_from_the_Dark=Invaders from the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_K=Company K
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strayers_from_Sheol=Strayers from Sheol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Stand_of_the_Tin_Can_Sailors=The Last Stand of the Tin Can Sailors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_(novel)=The Killing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Sleet_and_Candlelight=Fire and Sleet and Candlelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Globalized_City=The Globalized City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_and_Fancies=Dreams and Fancies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_the_Black_Wolf=The Rise of the Black Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Day_All_Gods_Die=This Day All Gods Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Knowledge=Forbidden Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonesome_Places=Lonesome Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark_and_Hungry_God_Arises=A Dark and Hungry God Arises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaos_and_Order=Chaos and Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_of_Suns=Sun of Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Story=The Real Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prater_Violet=Prater Violet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Mind,_Dark_Heart=Dark Mind, Dark Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Bear,_Brown_Bear,_What_Do_You_See%3F=Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What Do You See?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commentary_on_Palestine:_Peace_Not_Apartheid=Commentary on Palestine: Peace Not Apartheid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cambridge_Grammar_of_the_English_Language=The Cambridge Grammar of the English Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horror_from_the_Hills=The Horror from the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_Poems_(H._P._Lovecraft)=Collected Poems (H. P. Lovecraft)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography:_Some_Notes_on_a_Nonentity=Autobiography: Some Notes on a Nonentity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Black_Widowers=Tales of the Black Widowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Books_by_August_Derleth=100 Books by August Derleth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Fears_the_Devil%3F=Who Fears the Devil?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Chabert_(novel)=Colonel Chabert (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_to_Juneau:_A_Sea_and_Its_Meanings=Passage to Juneau: A Sea and Its Meanings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Test_of_the_Twins=Test of the Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Lines_(Wilks_novel)=Blood Lines (Wilks novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortal_Danger=Mortal Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempting_Danger=Tempting Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Companion_to_Philosophy=The Oxford Companion to Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objectivity_and_Liberal_Scholarship=Objectivity and Liberal Scholarship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Power_and_the_New_Mandarins=American Power and the New Mandarins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._George_and_Other_Odd_Persons=Mr. George and Other Odd Persons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Man_and_Others=The Dark Man and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Hombres_De_Negro_y_los_OVNI=Los Hombres De Negro y los OVNI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inhabitant_of_the_Lake_and_Less_Welcome_Tenants=The Inhabitant of the Lake and Less Welcome Tenants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_for_Midnight=Poems for Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starquake_(novel)=Starquake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Edge_(anthology)=Over the Edge (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Generation=The Second Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Tower=The Black Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_Wolfie=Letters from Wolfie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Dictionary_of_Philosophy=The Oxford Dictionary of Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_the_Sea=The Edge of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_in_the_Sun_(book)=Duel in the Sun (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portraits_in_Moonlight=Portraits in Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Need=Nightmare Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actors'_Analects=Actors' Analects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Science_and_Sorcery=Tales of Science and Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_in_Prose=Poems in Prose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Winter_(novel)=The Long Winter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_and_the_Dead_(collection)=The Quick and the Dead (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AntiPatterns=AntiPatterns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Breathing=Something Breathing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Harvest=Strange Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Brotherhood_and_Other_Pieces=The Dark Brotherhood and Other Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Markesan_and_Less_Pleasant_People=Colonel Markesan and Less Pleasant People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_the_Scarlet_Pimpernel=Adventures of the Scarlet Pimpernel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Medicine=Black Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Waters_(book)=Deep Waters (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Blade=The Silent Blade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travellers_by_Night=Travellers by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_Parasites=The Mind Parasites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Tales_of_Horror=Three Tales of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Gateways=Strange Gateways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Round=The Green Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Vices=Small Vices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_Standing_(novel)=Last Man Standing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_State_(novel)=Garden State (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anagrams_of_Desire=Anagrams of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_estrangulador=El estrangulador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_Morning=Cry of Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kindly_Ones_(Littell_novel)=The Kindly Ones (Littell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_of_Vesuvius=The Secrets of Vesuvius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lammas_Night=Lammas Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_(McGahern_novel)=The Dark (McGahern novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmares_and_Daydreams=Nightmares and Daydreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoir_(John_McGahern_book)=Memoir (John McGahern book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cage_(Abraham_book)=The Cage (Abraham book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Folsom_Flint_and_Other_Curious_Tales=The Folsom Flint and Other Curious Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Dimensions=Other Dimensions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Point=Thunder Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Hills=The Far Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_Fictional_Solar_System=The Science Fictional Solar System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selected_Poems_(C._A._Smith)=Selected Poems (C. A. Smith)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_in_the_Mirror=The Face in the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Tales=Eight Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Things=Dark Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Name_It_and_Frame_It%3F=Name It and Frame It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_and_Sonnets_Atlantean=Songs and Sonnets Atlantean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_a_Small_Place=A Short History of a Small Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caller_of_the_Black=The Caller of the Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arkham_Collector:_Volume_I=The Arkham Collector: Volume I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disclosures_in_Scarlet=Disclosures in Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rim_of_the_Unknown=The Rim of the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_by_Daylight=Demons by Daylight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Evil's_Pillow=From Evil's Pillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_of_Darkness_and_Dread=Stories of Darkness and Dread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Moors=Beneath the Moors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakpoint_(novel)=Breakpoint (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Karl_Pilkington=The World of Karl Pilkington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_Ghost_Stories=Collected Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watchers_Out_of_Time_and_Others=The Watchers Out of Time and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Phillips_Lovecraft:_Dreamer_on_the_Nightside=Howard Phillips Lovecraft: Dreamer on the Nightside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Christmas_(story_collection)=Sharpe's Christmas (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrigan's_File=Harrigan's File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Worm=The House of the Worm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_the_Rings:_A_Reader's_Companion=The Lord of the Rings: A Reader's Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Tracey=Kay Tracey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callista_(novel)=Callista (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nameless_Places=Nameless Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purcell_Papers_(1975_book)=The Purcell Papers (1975 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_from_R'lyeh=Dreams from R'lyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwellers_in_Darkness=Dwellers in Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Height_of_the_Scream=The Height of the Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiela's_Child=Fiela's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kecksies_and_Other_Twilight_Tales=Kecksies and Other Twilight Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Afterward,_the_Dark=And Afterward, the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horror_at_Oakdeene_and_Others=The Horror at Oakdeene and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Fascists=American Fascists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Art=My Life in Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Mayan_Splendor=In Mayan Splendor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Exile=Born to Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Mathematics%3F=What Is Mathematics?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_in_Shadow=Half in Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mist_and_Other_Uncanny_Encounters=In the Mist and Other Uncanny Encounters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_of_All_Lands=The Princess of All Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deluge_Drivers=The Deluge Drivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confessions_of_Mycroft_Holmes:_A_Paper_Chase=The Confessions of Mycroft Holmes: A Paper Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_Drivel=Pure Drivel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Book_of_Clark_Ashton_Smith=The Black Book of Clark Ashton Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbeheaded_King=The Unbeheaded King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necropolis_(Copper_novel)=Necropolis (Copper novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_(Fast_novel)=Redemption (Fast novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Grave=The Third Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Lung_Unrolls_His_Mat=Kai Lung Unrolls His Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Paint_Cats=Why Paint Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Games_(novel)=Sacred Games (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Is_Possible=Peace Is Possible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Witch_Boneyleg=Old Witch Boneyleg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Relativity_(book)=General Relativity (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_Poems_(Richard_L._Tierney)=Collected Poems (Richard L. Tierney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brimstone_Wedding=The Brimstone Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Nightside=Tales from the Nightside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Night_Is_Too_Long_(novel)=No Night Is Too Long (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asta's_Book=Asta's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallowglass_(novel)=Gallowglass (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blooded_on_Arachne=Blooded on Arachne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark-Adapted_Eye=A Dark-Adapted Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkling=The Darkling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miocene_Arrow=The Miocene Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_the_Calculor=Eyes of the Calculor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_(book)=The Law (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Love!_The_Bruce_Campbell_Way=Make Love! The Bruce Campbell Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Wolf=The House of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_from_a_Burning_Woman=The Wind from a Burning Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Macindaw=The Siege of Macindaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Winter_in_Eden=One Winter in Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watchers_at_the_Strait_Gate=Watchers at the Strait Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Made_Stevie_Crye%3F=Who Made Stevie Crye?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovecraft's_Book=Lovecraft's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Believers=The New Believers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_Dark_and_Light:_The_Great_Short_Fiction_of_Tanith_Lee=Dreams of Dark and Light: The Great Short Fiction of Tanith Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrice_Upon_a_Time=Thrice Upon a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Living_Dead_(novel)=Return of the Living Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Quintana_Roo=Tales of the Quintana Roo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lafcadio:_The_Lion_Who_Shot_Back=Lafcadio: The Lion Who Shot Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Guy=The Good Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jaguar_Hunter=The Jaguar Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Wars=Game Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyphemus_(book)=Polyphemus (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rendezvous_in_Averoigne=A Rendezvous in Averoigne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_the_Space_Age=Memories of the Space Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Express=Crystal Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ends_of_the_Earth_(Shepard_stories)=The Ends of the Earth (Shepard stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_vs_Beast=Man vs Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_(McEwan_novel)=The Innocent (McEwan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spinal_Cord_Perception=The Spinal Cord Perception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utz_(novel)=Utz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Am_I_Doing_Here_(book)=What Am I Doing Here (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gravity's_Angels=Gravity's Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Sinner=The Holy Sinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Kelvin's_Machine=Lord Kelvin's Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Assignments=Special Assignments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meeting_in_Infinity=Meeting in Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aliens_of_Earth=The Aliens of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flotsam_(book)=Flotsam (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Higher_Power_of_Lucky=The Higher Power of Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundaries_of_the_Mind=Boundaries of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breath_of_Suspension=The Breath of Suspension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miscellaneous_Writings_(Lovecraft)=Miscellaneous Writings (Lovecraft)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthesis_&_Other_Virtual_Realities=Synthesis & Other Virtual Realities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Far_from_the_Bamboo_Grove=So Far from the Bamboo Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyages_by_Starlight=Voyages by Starlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Day=Gideon's Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_from_the_Moon_and_Other_Lunacies=Flowers from the Moon and Other Lunacies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_Angels:_Six_Noir_Tales_Told_for_Television=Fallen Angels: Six Noir Tales Told for Television
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Old_Dog=Flight of the Old Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_North_Gate=By the North Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falling_Torch=The Falling Torch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_Five_Aprils=Across Five Aprils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Earth=Man of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovecraft_Remembered=Lovecraft Remembered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Horizons_(book)=New Horizons (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonfly_(Durbin_novel)=Dragonfly (Durbin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Years_of_Arkham_House=Sixty Years of Arkham House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Stone_House=In the Stone House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolkien:_A_Look_Behind_%22The_Lord_of_the_Rings%22=Tolkien: A Look Behind "The Lord of the Rings"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Losing_Season=My Losing Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amen_Corner_(novel)=Amen Corner (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Dalek_Empire=Short Trips: Dalek Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winding_Paths=Winding Paths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photographs_and_Notebooks=Photographs and Notebooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_Restlessness=Anatomy of Restlessness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkham's_Masters_of_Horror=Arkham's Masters of Horror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_General_Ignorance=The Book of General Ignorance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiago:_a_Myth_of_the_Far_Future=Santiago: a Myth of the Far Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortals_(novel)=The Immortals (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutunamayanlar=Tutunamayanlar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Pyramid_Robbery=The Great Pyramid Robbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Guide_to_Prehistoric_Life=The Complete Guide to Prehistoric Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Tomorrow_(novel)=The Long Tomorrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyhood:_Scenes_from_Provincial_Life=Boyhood: Scenes from Provincial Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_There_on_a_Visit=Down There on a Visit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_as_Cultural_Politics=Philosophy as Cultural Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_the_Dead_(memoir)=Book of the Dead (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Side_of_Nowhere=The Far Side of Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleansing_(novel)=The Cleansing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selected_Letters_of_Clark_Ashton_Smith=Selected Letters of Clark Ashton Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_of_a_Thousand_Tales=Cave of a Thousand Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code:_Version_2.0=Code: Version 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Babylon_Game=The Babylon Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vocabulario_manual_de_las_lenguas_castellana_y_mexicana=Vocabulario manual de las lenguas castellana y mexicana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawkins_Delusion%3F=The Dawkins Delusion?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mausoleum_Murder=The Mausoleum Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazon_Temple_Quest=The Amazon Temple Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Olympic_Conspiracy=The Olympic Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colossus_Crisis=The Colossus Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleopatra_Curse=The Cleopatra Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellfall=Spellfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_am_the_Great_Horse=I am the Great Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Problem_at_Pollensa_Bay_and_Other_Stories=Problem at Pollensa Bay and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_the_Light_Lasts_and_Other_Stories=While the Light Lasts and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jane_Austen_Book_Club=The Jane Austen Book Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Cat:_The_Remarkable_Journeys_of_Jason_and_Gareth=Time Cat: The Remarkable Journeys of Jason and Gareth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_the_Wild=Masters of the Wild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_and_Silence=Song and Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Struggle_for_Rome=A Struggle for Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Life_in_the_Emerald_City=Imperial Life in the Emerald City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Morgan=The House of Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_102=Life 102
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Separation_(Animorphs)=The Separation (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_of_the_Irish-Israeli_War=Memories of the Irish-Israeli War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Feuerzangenbowle=Die Feuerzangenbowle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Re:_Sherlock_Holmes=In Re: Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonjour_paresse=Bonjour paresse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnacki,_the_Ghost-Finder=Carnacki, the Ghost-Finder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eugenics_Wars:_The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Khan_Noonien_Singh=The Eugenics Wars: The Rise and Fall of Khan Noonien Singh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Sand_and_Fog_(novel)=House of Sand and Fog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memoirs_of_Solar_Pons=The Memoirs of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Problems_for_Solar_Pons=Three Problems for Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Solar_Pons=The Return of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Could_Read_Backwards=The Cat Who Could Read Backwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Ate_Danish_Modern=The Cat Who Ate Danish Modern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catalogue_of_the_Universe=The Catalogue of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Within=The Man Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reminiscences_of_Solar_Pons=The Reminiscences of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Casebook_of_Solar_Pons=The Casebook of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Hunters:_True_Adventures_with_Famous_Shipwrecks=The Sea Hunters: True Adventures with Famous Shipwrecks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gruffalo's_Child=The Gruffalo's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Hunters_II=The Sea Hunters II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_III:_Princess_in_Love=The Princess Diaries, Volume III: Princess in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormblade_(novel)=Stormblade (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom-Fighter=The Phantom-Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Fighter_Pilot=The Red Fighter Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grab_Hands_and_Run=Grab Hands and Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_(Morrison_novel)=Love (Morrison novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goa_Inquisition=The Goa Inquisition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Economics:_Undressing_the_Dismal_Science=Naked Economics: Undressing the Dismal Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doom_Brigade=The Doom Brigade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Celestial_Bed=The Celestial Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkest_Hour_(Andrews_novel)=Darkest Hour (Andrews novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Like_a_Writer=Reading Like a Writer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_field_guide_to_the_birds_of_Hawaii_and_the_Tropical_Pacific=A field guide to the birds of Hawaii and the Tropical Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_of_the_Bible=Animals of the Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mei_Li=Mei Li
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln_(Parin_d'Aulaire_book)=Abraham Lincoln (Parin d'Aulaire book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rooster_Crows=The Rooster Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Snow,_Bright_Snow=White Snow, Bright Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Snow=The Big Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Swallows=Song of the Swallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers_(book)=Finders Keepers (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline's_Rescue=Madeline's Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella,_or_the_Little_Glass_Slipper=Cinderella, or the Little Glass Slipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_Went_A-Courtin'_(book)=Frog Went A-Courtin' (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Days_to_Christmas=Nine Days to Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_a_Mouse=Once a Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baboushka_and_the_Three_Kings=Baboushka and the Three Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Funny_Little_Woman=The Funny Little Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Story_a_Story=A Story a Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ramsay_Scallop=The Ramsay Scallop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fine_Day_(book)=One Fine Day (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duffy_and_the_Devil=Duffy and the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Ark_(book)=Noah's Ark (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fables_(book)=Fables (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Loved_Wild_Horses=The Girl Who Loved Wild Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_(Marcia_Brown_book)=Shadow (Marcia Brown book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glorious_Flight=The Glorious Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_George_and_the_Dragon_(book)=Saint George and the Dragon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey,_Al=Hey, Al
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lon_Po_Po=Lon Po Po
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuesday_(book)=Tuesday (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_(book)=Black and White (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandfather's_Journey=Grandfather's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapunzel_(book)=Rapunzel (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowflake_Bentley_(book)=Snowflake Bentley (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Pigs=The Three Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Friend_Rabbit=My Friend Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Alchemy=Body Alchemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barnum_Museum=The Barnum Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beasts_of_Tarzan=The Beasts of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Tarzan=The Son of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Jewels_of_Opar=Tarzan and the Jewels of Opar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Tales_of_Tarzan=Jungle Tales of Tarzan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Terrible=Tarzan the Terrible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Golden_Lion=Tarzan and the Golden Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan,_Lord_of_the_Jungle_(novel)=Tarzan, Lord of the Jungle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Lost_Empire=Tarzan and the Lost Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Invincible=Tarzan the Invincible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_at_the_Earth's_Core=Tarzan at the Earth's Core
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_Triumphant=Tarzan Triumphant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Lion_Man=Tarzan and the Lion Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_City_of_Gold=Tarzan and the City of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Leopard_Men=Tarzan and the Leopard Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan's_Quest=Tarzan's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Forbidden_City=Tarzan and the Forbidden City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_the_Magnificent_(novel)=Tarzan the Magnificent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Foreign_Legion=Tarzan and the Foreign Legion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Madman=Tarzan and the Madman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Castaways=Tarzan and the Castaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeonscape=Dungeonscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_House_(novel)=The Ice House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messiah_(Boris_Starling_novel)=Messiah (Boris Starling novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Storm=Tommy Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Hitler_Stole_Pink_Rabbit=When Hitler Stole Pink Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Deal:_A_Year_as_a_Professional_Poker_Player=Big Deal: A Year as a Professional Poker Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigger_Deal:_A_Year_Inside_the_Poker_Boom=Bigger Deal: A Year Inside the Poker Boom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firstborn_(Dragonlance)=Firstborn (Dragonlance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ribsy=Ribsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Measure_of_a_Man:_A_Spiritual_Autobiography=The Measure of a Man: A Spiritual Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatherland_(novel)=Fatherland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Shoot_Horses,_Don't_They%3F_(novel)=They Shoot Horses, Don't They? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_Public=The Phantom Public
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corridor_(collection)=Corridor (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/54_(novel)=54 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cut_(novel)=Cut (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_and_Fist=Sword and Fist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tome_and_Blood=Tome and Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tread_Softly_in_This_Place=Tread Softly in This Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scold's_Bridle=The Scold's Bridle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Room_(Walters_novel)=The Dark Room (Walters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Echo_(novel)=The Echo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tinder_Box_(novella)=The Tinder Box (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Snakes=The Shape of Snakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disordered_Minds=Disordered Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Feather=The Devil's Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chickenfeed=Chickenfeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_and_the_George=The Dragon and the George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Knight=The Dragon Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Prophecy_Fails=When Prophecy Fails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_6th_Target=The 6th Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Worth_Knowing=Everyone Worth Knowing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussar's_Picture_Book=Hussar's Picture Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_the_American_Superhero=The Myth of the American Superhero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Escrava_Isaura_(novel)=A Escrava Isaura (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Oxford_Book_of_Australian_Verse=New Oxford Book of Australian Verse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_Middle-earth=A Guide to Middle-earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Bag_Princess=The Paper Bag Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Been_Down_So_Long_It_Looks_Like_Up_to_Me=Been Down So Long It Looks Like Up to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Driver's_Seat_(novel)=The Driver's Seat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairy_Godmother_(novel)=The Fairy Godmother (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_in_the_Head=Revolution in the Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_&_Otherwise=Wise & Otherwise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affinity_(novel)=Affinity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lover_(novel)=Lover (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Witch_Maidens=The Three Witch Maidens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Praed_Street_Dossier=A Praed Street Dossier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millstone_(novel)=The Millstone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coroner's_Pidgin=Coroner's Pidgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Work_for_the_Undertaker=More Work for the Undertaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_in_the_Smoke=The Tiger in the Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beckoning_Lady=The Beckoning Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metroland_(novel)=Metroland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astonishing_Life_of_Octavian_Nothing,_Traitor_to_the_Nation,_Volume_I:_The_Pox_Party=The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume I: The Pox Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Watch_(Waters_novel)=The Night Watch (Waters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Night=Savage Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_(book)=Island (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grotesque_(novel)=Grotesque (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfect_Night_to_Go_to_China=A Perfect Night to Go to China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_The_Hobbit=The History of The Hobbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Attolia=The King of Attolia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_(novel)=Sons (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_Divided_(novel)=A House Divided (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_In-Between_World_of_Vikram_Lall=The In-Between World of Vikram Lall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_Matters_(novel)=All That Matters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Shadows=Paper Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Englishman's_Boy=The Englishman's Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exploits_of_Chevalier_Dupin=The Exploits of Chevalier Dupin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisconsin_Murders=Wisconsin Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_from_Grace_(novel)=Fall from Grace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Kill=Generation Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Little_Vein=Crooked Little Vein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_of_the_Unique_Dickensians=The Adventure of the Unique Dickensians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper_(Peet_novel)=Keeper (Peet novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Fairlie's_Final_Journey=Mr. Fairlie's Final Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamar_(novel)=Tamar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penalty_(novel)=The Penalty (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Number_Seven,_Queer_Street=Number Seven, Queer Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Solar_Pons=The Chronicles of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_of_Insurgents=Letters of Insurgents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolette_(novel)=Nicolette (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabiography=Alphabiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Zaleski_and_Cummings_King_Monk=Prince Zaleski and Cummings King Monk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_o'_My_Tooth=Skin o' My Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Adventures_of_Solar_Pons=The Final Adventures of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Miss_Elliott=The Case of Miss Elliott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Folly=The Divine Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Cat=The Enchanted Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Lovecraft's_Shadow=In Lovecraft's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_in_the_Corner=The Old Man in the Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Original_Text_Solar_Pons_Omnibus_Edition=The Original Text Solar Pons Omnibus Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Norville=Kitty Norville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Wizard_Is_About_To_Die!=Blue Wizard Is About To Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Fiction:_A_Guide_for_Writers_and_Readers=The Art of Fiction: A Guide for Writers and Readers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairest_(novel)=Fairest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Public_and_its_Problems=The Public and its Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharra's_Exile=Sharra's Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Smith:_The_Making_of_a_Prophet=Joseph Smith: The Making of a Prophet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dean's_December=The Dean's December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Theft=A Theft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bellarosa_Connection=The Bellarosa Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Actual_(novel)=The Actual (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuckerman_Unbound=Zuckerman Unbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Challenges=Book of Challenges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintessence_(book)=Quintessence (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beezus_and_Ramona=Beezus and Ramona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anatomy_Lesson_(Roth_novel)=The Anatomy Lesson (Roth novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Moominvalley=Tales from Moominvalley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moominpappa_at_Sea=Moominpappa at Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moominvalley_in_November=Moominvalley in November
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poorhouse_Fair=The Poorhouse Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Journey=The Dangerous Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazil_(novel)=Brazil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miraculous_Journey_of_Edward_Tulane=The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallows_Thief=Gallows Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Grip_of_Winter=In the Grip of Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Together=Life Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Acquaintance_with_Darkness=An Acquaintance with Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cast_Two_Shadows=Cast Two Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ride_into_Morning=A Ride into Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recording_the_Beatles=Recording the Beatles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_about_Moomin,_Mymble_and_Little_My=The Book about Moomin, Mymble and Little My
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Believers=Among the Believers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Studies=Life Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Weary's_Castle=Lord Weary's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mills_of_The_Kavanaughs=The Mills of The Kavanaughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Two_Bad_Mice=The Tale of Two Bad Mice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Miss_Moppet=The Story of Miss Moppet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festivals_(book)=Festivals (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Century:_Varieties_of_Culture_in_Modern_Times=The American Century: Varieties of Culture in Modern Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_in_the_Forbidden_City=Twilight in the Forbidden City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Will_Comfort_Toffle%3F=Who Will Comfort Toffle?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Tom=Cold Tom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martyn_Pig=Martyn Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Constant_Princess=The Constant Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_and_the_Secret_of_Rundoon=Peter and the Secret of Rundoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_China,_Many_Paths=One China, Many Paths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Study_War_No_More=Study War No More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omnivore's_Dilemma=The Omnivore's Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dumbing_Us_Down=Dumbing Us Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stellar_Ships=Stellar Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/USA/From_Where_We_Stand=USA/From Where We Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaphysical_Foundations_of_Natural_Science=Metaphysical Foundations of Natural Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odessa_Tales=The Odessa Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fur=The Fur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Nights_and_Days=Arabian Nights and Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taste_for_Death_(P._D._James_novel)=A Taste for Death (P. D. James novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Evil_Hour=In Evil Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Love_and_Other_Demons=Of Love and Other Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_the_Applewhites=Surviving the Applewhites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Africa_House=The Africa House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_(Westerfeld_novel)=The Last Days (Westerfeld novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Amerikkkan_Blues=North Amerikkkan Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamspeaker=Dreamspeaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_at_Philadelphia=Miracle at Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeptic_Encyclopedia_of_Pseudoscience=The Skeptic Encyclopedia of Pseudoscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Unwed=Undead and Unwed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Unemployed=Undead and Unemployed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Unreturnable=Undead and Unreturnable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Unappreciated=Undead and Unappreciated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Uneasy=Undead and Uneasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cage_of_Butterflies=A Cage of Butterflies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Next_Door_(novel)=The Girl Next Door (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_by_Black_Hole=Death by Black Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Go_Near_the_Water_(novel)=Don't Go Near the Water (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Law_of_Ours_and_Other_Essays=This Law of Ours and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratking_(novel)=Ratking (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_(Dibdin_novel)=Vendetta (Dibdin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabal_(Dibdin_novel)=Cabal (Dibdin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Lagoon=Dead Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosi_Fan_Tutti=Cosi Fan Tutti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Finish=A Long Finish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Rain_(novel)=Blood Rain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_You_Die=And Then You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa_(Dibdin_novel)=Medusa (Dibdin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Bologna=Back to Bologna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Timmy_Tiptoes=The Tale of Timmy Tiptoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Tinker_in_Oz=Mister Tinker in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Treatment_(novel)=The Royal Treatment (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Pain=The Royal Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derik's_Bane=Derik's Bane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boo=The Boo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milkweed_(novel)=Milkweed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Beneath_the_Sea=The God Beneath the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year_of_Wonders=Year of Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tainaron_(novel)=Tainaron (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_a_Fierce_Bad_Rabbit=The Story of a Fierce Bad Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_O'Reilly_Factor_for_Kids=The O'Reilly Factor for Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beasts_(novella)=Beasts (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Rock_&_Roll_Were_a_Machine=If Rock & Roll Were a Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Party_Going=Party Going
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IQ_Controversy,_the_Media_and_Public_Policy_(book)=The IQ Controversy, the Media and Public Policy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_China=Encyclopedia of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_No_Bones=Break No Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwater:_The_Rise_of_the_World's_Most_Powerful_Mercenary_Army=Blackwater: The Rise of the World's Most Powerful Mercenary Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hammer_of_Eden=The Hammer of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Resource=The Ultimate Resource
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lola_Rose=Lola Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_September=The Last September
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appley_Dapply's_Nursery_Rhymes=Appley Dapply's Nursery Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecily_Parsley's_Nursery_Rhymes=Cecily Parsley's Nursery Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bed_and_Breakfast_Star=The Bed and Breakfast Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Act_(novel)=Double Act (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Break_(novel)=Clean Break (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_School_Bus_In_the_Time_of_the_Dinosaurs=The Magic School Bus In the Time of the Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Life_(novel)=A New Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extras_(novel)=Extras (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathy's_Book=Cathy's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsewhere_(Zevin_novel)=Elsewhere (Zevin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Six_Sacred_Stones=The Six Sacred Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bachelors_(novel)=The Bachelors (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indulekha_(novel)=Indulekha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1824:_The_Arkansas_War=1824: The Arkansas War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Playmaker=The Playmaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Simpson=Planet Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_of_Pompeii=The Pirates of Pompeii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jupiter_Theft=The Jupiter Theft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cien_Sonetos_de_Amor=Cien Sonetos de Amor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spell_Wars=Spell Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_the_Purple_Dragon=Garden of the Purple Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scramble_for_Africa_(book)=The Scramble for Africa (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Breed_of_Heroes=A Breed of Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disciplined_Minds=Disciplined Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_on_Fire_(novel)=City on Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf_and_the_Critics=Beowulf and the Critics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan:_The_Lost_Adventure=Tarzan: The Lost Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Warcraft:_Tides_of_Darkness=World of Warcraft: Tides of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan_and_the_Tarzan_Twins=Tarzan and the Tarzan Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Arena=The Dark Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Fox_of_Lorne=Black Fox of Lorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Way_Down=Long Way Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Evernight=The Battle of Evernight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire,_Bed,_and_Bone=Fire, Bed, and Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_and_Pawns=Gods and Pawns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Gods=River of Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empty_Cities_of_the_Full_Moon=Empty Cities of the Full Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Op-Center_(novel)=Tom Clancy's Op-Center (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overcoming_Autism=Overcoming Autism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kundalatha=Kundalatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarada_(novel)=Sarada (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Honour_(novel)=Sharpe's Honour (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weather_Makers=The Weather Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floodland_(novel)=Floodland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Crowd=Our Crowd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Leader=The Wolf Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_Coast_Ahead=Enemy Coast Ahead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_about_Ping=The Story about Ping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hothouse_(novel)=Hothouse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divided_Kingdom=Divided Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Say_Goodbye=Before I Say Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubin's_Lives=Dubin's Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Fiction_(book)=The Art of Fiction (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20th_Century_Ghosts=20th Century Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Counterlife=The Counterlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scandal_of_Scientology=The Scandal of Scientology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cold_Case=A Cold Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Fermentation=Wild Fermentation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_Cassava_Patch=Murder in the Cassava Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Op-Center:_Mirror_Image=Tom Clancy's Op-Center: Mirror Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Murder_in_Virginia=A Murder in Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technics_and_Time,_1=Technics and Time, 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Times_Carlin=Three Times Carlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Scientology:_How_I_Joined_Scientology_and_Became_Superhuman=Inside Scientology: How I Joined Scientology and Became Superhuman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looking-Glass=The Looking-Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Crossing=Summer Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Clean_Fight=A Good Clean Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trial_Balance:_The_Collected_Short_Stories_of_William_March=Trial Balance: The Collected Short Stories of William March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonie_Wondernose=Yonie Wondernose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic,_Lightning=Picnic, Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turbulent_Term_of_Tyke_Tiler=The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Math_Curse=Math Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Verse=Science Verse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John,_Paul,_George,_and_Ben=John, Paul, George, and Ben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Corsair=The Black Corsair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_Evolution=Woman's Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dinosaur_Heresies=The Dinosaur Heresies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune's_Rocks_(novel)=Fortune's Rocks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyvernhail=Wyvernhail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_in_the_Streets=Dancing in the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_a_Slave=To Be a Slave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Glass=Sea Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Jane=Boston Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_in_Flame=Sleeping in Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_Fair_to_Middling_Women=Dream of Fair to Middling Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Green_Book_of_Monster_Stories=A Little Green Book of Monster Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Shoes=Cruel Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_of_Mars=Swords of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_Socialism=The Future of Socialism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_I_Journal:_Anakin_Skywalker=Star Wars Episode I Journal: Anakin Skywalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Episode_I_Journal:_Darth_Maul=Star Wars Episode I Journal: Darth Maul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Journal:_Captive_to_Evil=Star Wars Journal: Captive to Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Journal:_Hero_for_Hire=Star Wars Journal: Hero for Hire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Journal:_The_Fight_for_Justice=Star Wars Journal: The Fight for Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_in_the_Old_Lace=The Secret in the Old Lace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greek_Symbol_Mystery=The Greek Symbol Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swami's_Ring=The Swami's Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kachina_Doll_Mystery=The Kachina Doll Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twin_Dilemma_(novel)=The Twin Dilemma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Witness=Captive Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Lover's_Companion=Food Lover's Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Equinox=Red Equinox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Digging_Leviathan=The Digging Leviathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazed=Hazed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faith_Healers=The Faith Healers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Fatal_Love_Chase=A Long Fatal Love Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Before_Life=Life Before Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Contrat_de_mariage=Le Contrat de mariage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Nostradamus=The Mask of Nostradamus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest_Bible_of_1688=Bucharest Bible of 1688
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Uri_Geller=The Truth About Uri Geller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freedom_Writers_Diary=The Freedom Writers Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Melon_for_Ecstasy=A Melon for Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flim-Flam!=Flim-Flam!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Virgin_Too_Many=One Virgin Too Many
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_the_Metaobject_Protocol=The Art of the Metaobject Protocol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ode_to_a_Banker=Ode to a Banker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accusers=The Accusers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandal_Takes_a_Holiday=Scandal Takes a Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_in_the_Evening=The World in the Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latitude_Zero_(novel)=Latitude Zero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Carnival_(novel)=Dark Carnival (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_the_Flowing_River=Like the Flowing River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Talent_for_War=A Talent for War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_of_Carthage=Pride of Carthage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel's_Story=Gabriel's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Through_Darkness=Walk Through Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Mommy_is_a_Democrat=Why Mommy is a Democrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_(Women_of_Genesis_series)=Sarah (Women of Genesis series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arte_de_la_lengua_mexicana_(1754_book)=Arte de la lengua mexicana (1754 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Xanadu=In Xanadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triage_(novel)=Triage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_(novel)=Ruth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacia:_The_War_with_the_Mein=Acacia: The War with the Mein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_School_Story=The School Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rats_(novel)=The Rats (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dissertation=The Dissertation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Within_(novel)=The Fire Within (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halting_State=Halting State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firebrand_(Kemp_novel)=The Firebrand (Kemp novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planeswalker_(novel)=Planeswalker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodlines:_The_Story_of_Urza's_Destiny=Bloodlines: The Story of Urza's Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_(novel)=E (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troubles_(novel)=Troubles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports_Illustrated:_Exposure=Sports Illustrated: Exposure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugly_Americans:_The_True_Story_of_the_Ivy_League_Cowboys_Who_Raided_the_Asian_Markets_for_Millions=Ugly Americans: The True Story of the Ivy League Cowboys Who Raided the Asian Markets for Millions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tokaido_Road_(novel)=The Tokaido Road (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_of_Atheism=The Twilight of Atheism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_More,_with_Feeling_(book)=Once More, with Feeling (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_of_Lantern_Hill=Jane of Lantern Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Angel_Midnight=Old Angel Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Floor_(novel)=Killing Floor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_His_Image_(novel)=In His Image (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_of_an_Age=Birth of an Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Trying_(novel)=Die Trying (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_God_(James_BeauSeigneur_novel)=Acts of God (James BeauSeigneur novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_in_the_Dark=Dexter in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bambi's_Children=Bambi's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luke_Skywalker_and_the_Shadows_of_Mindor=Luke Skywalker and the Shadows of Mindor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Congress=Dark Congress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_France=My Life in France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Cyprus=Death in Cyprus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana_Bay_(novel)=Havana Bay (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris:_The_Rise_of_Boris_Johnson=Boris: The Rise of Boris Johnson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_Moon_(The_Dresden_Files)=Fool Moon (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Blind_(Lee_Child_novel)=Running Blind (Lee Child novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Burning=Echo Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Fail=Without Fail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persuader_(novel)=Persuader (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_(Child_novel)=The Enemy (Child novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Shot_(novel)=One Shot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Way_(novel)=The Hard Way (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Luck_and_Trouble=Bad Luck and Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripwire_(novel)=Tripwire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Blonde_&_Others=Good Blonde & Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scattered_Poems=Scattered Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Measure_of_Our_Days=The Measure of Our Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_Hope=Anatomy of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patience_and_Sarah=Patience and Sarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastering_the_Universe=Mastering the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_with_the_Golden_Touch=The Man with the Golden Touch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Stories_of_Franz_Kafka=The Complete Stories of Franz Kafka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starry_Nights=Starry Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Octavo_Notebooks=The Blue Octavo Notebooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prefect=The Prefect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Without_End_(Follett_novel)=World Without End (Follett novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pot-Bouille=Pot-Bouille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Two_Worlds_(novel)=Between Two Worlds (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winged_Pharaoh=Winged Pharaoh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Knight=Lady Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingo_(novel)=Dingo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Already_Dead=Already Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tokyo_Zodiac_Murders=The Tokyo Zodiac Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swarm_(novel)=The Swarm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byzantium_Endures=Byzantium Endures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Stories_of_Katherine_Anne_Porter=The Collected Stories of Katherine Anne Porter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son_the_Fanatic=My Son the Fanatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Frightened_Men=The League of Frightened Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hydrofoil_Mystery=The Hydrofoil Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamerlane_and_Other_Poems=Tamerlane and Other Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rubber_Band=The Rubber Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Box=The Red Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_There's_a_Will_(novel)=Where There's a Will (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Orchids=Black Orchids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonlance_Campaign_Setting=Dragonlance Campaign Setting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Orinoco=The Mighty Orinoco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Women_(novel)=Too Many Women (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hegemony_and_Socialist_Strategy=Hegemony and Socialist Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Triplicate=Trouble in Triplicate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_at_the_Well_of_Souls=Midnight at the Well of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Prince=Dark Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafka_Americana=Kafka Americana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemplation_(Kafka)=Contemplation (Kafka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penal_Colony:_Stories_and_Short_Pieces=The Penal Colony: Stories and Short Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parables_and_Paradoxes=Parables and Paradoxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessor_(novel)=Confessor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein's_Aunt_(novel)=Frankenstein's Aunt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein's_Aunt_Returns=Frankenstein's Aunt Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiles_at_the_Well_of_Souls=Exiles at the Well of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_the_Well_of_Souls=Quest for the Well of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Fire=Spring Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Londoners=The Lonely Londoners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Nails_(collection)=Red Nails (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_of_the_World=Empress of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_the_Black_Circle_(collection)=The People of the Black Circle (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_Under_(book)=Down Under (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Marched_Into_Sunlight=They Marched Into Sunlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Among_the_Walnuts=Love Among the Walnuts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raw_Shark_Texts=The Raw Shark Texts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Chance_(novel)=Second Chance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pimpernel_and_Rosemary=Pimpernel and Rosemary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ugly_Swans=The Ugly Swans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientology:_The_Now_Religion=Scientology: The Now Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thud_Ridge_(book)=Thud Ridge (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Age:_A_Romance=Middle Age: A Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_of_Zanid=The Tower of Zanid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chill_Factor_(novel)=Chill Factor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overload_(novel)=Overload (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_a_Hollywood_Super_Madam=Secrets of a Hollywood Super Madam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Drugs_and_Sausage_Rolls=Sex and Drugs and Sausage Rolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cults_of_Unreason=Cults of Unreason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Able_McLaughlins=The Able McLaughlins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_(novel)=Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Candlesticks=The Emperor's Candlesticks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Son_of_the_People=A Son of the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nest_of_the_Sparrowhawk=The Nest of the Sparrowhawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Sammler's_Planet=Mr. Sammler's Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronze_Eagle=The Bronze Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Sword=The Broken Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Hungarian_Fairy_Tales=Old Hungarian Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_over_Laos=Storm over Laos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiasco_(book)=Fiasco (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_of_the_Fur_Queen=Kiss of the Fur Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Years_of_Grace=Years of Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religion_Inc.=Religion Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_in_November=Now in November
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fablehaven=Fablehaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talat_Pasha's_Abandoned_Documents=Talat Pasha's Abandoned Documents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Forgiveness=The Miracle of Forgiveness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_of_Simple_Souls=The Mirror of Simple Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Disappear_Completely_and_Never_Be_Found=How to Disappear Completely and Never Be Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollyanna_Grows_Up=Pollyanna Grows Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger_(Zusak_novel)=The Messenger (Zusak novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodsong=Woodsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natasha_and_Other_Stories=Natasha and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Park_(novel)=Stanley Park (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtains_for_Three=Curtains for Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figments_of_Reality=Figments of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Fate=Moon Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fury's_Pilgrims=Fury's Pilgrims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shockscape=Shockscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Empire=Deep Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Asylum=Cold Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekattorer_Dingulee=Ekattorer Dingulee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_and_the_Sun=The Moon and the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_of_Steel_(novella)=Made of Steel (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_of_the_Book_of_Mormon=Studies of the Book of Mormon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Tattoo=The Black Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Children=Twilight Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rider,_Reaper=Rider, Reaper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limit_of_Vision=Limit of Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falling_Woman=The Falling Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_About_the_Bike=It's Not About the Bike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_the_Book=Murder by the Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Continent_Makers=The Continent Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Jeopardy=Triple Jeopardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorpion_God=The Scorpion God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clonk_Clonk=Clonk Clonk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pyramid_(Golding)=The Pyramid (Golding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Fall_(Golding_novel)=Free Fall (Golding novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_City_in_Winter=A City in Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Financial_Expert=The Financial Expert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Buddha_Taught=What the Buddha Taught
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wren's_War=Wren's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wren's_Quest=Wren's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inda=Inda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_by_Night_(Hardinge_novel)=Fly by Night (Hardinge novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Scoundrel=Complete Scoundrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Tibetan_Buddhism=The World of Tibetan Buddhism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dance_of_the_Voodoo_Handbag=The Dance of the Voodoo Handbag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_Helios=Proud Helios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Deepwoods=Beyond the Deepwoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallory's_Oracle=Mallory's Oracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Cast_Two_Shadows=The Man Who Cast Two Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Wars_(novel)=Road Wars (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_100=Opus 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_Warrior=The Heart of the Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercenary_from_Tomorrow=Mercenary from Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Environmental_Principles_and_Policies=Environmental Principles and Policies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Country_of_Men=In the Country of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metal_Monster=The Metal Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Madness_(novel)=Divine Madness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Dominion=No Dominion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sector_7=Sector 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Benedict_Society=The Mysterious Benedict Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Eggs=The Fatal Eggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painter_of_Signs=The Painter of Signs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leven_Thumps_and_the_Eyes_of_the_Want=Leven Thumps and the Eyes of the Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leven_Thumps_and_the_Whispered_Secret=Leven Thumps and the Whispered Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_May_Be_Wrong_but_I_Doubt_It=I May Be Wrong but I Doubt It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Ceiling_the_Stars_Are_Shining=In the Ceiling the Stars Are Shining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rediscovering_God_in_America=Rediscovering God in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkative_Man=Talkative Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooden_Heart_(novel)=Wooden Heart (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Fever_(novel)=Spring Fever (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Smuts_Goes=When Smuts Goes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Tomorrow=Children of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Golder=David Golder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(Jones_novel)=The Game (Jones novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ttyl_(novel)=Ttyl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_(Sherwood_Smith_novel)=The Fox (Sherwood Smith novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Eve=On the Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_Society_(1970_book)=Japanese Society (1970 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mezzanine=The Mezzanine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Sleep=The Death of Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crown_Snatchers=The Crown Snatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Once_We_Walked=Where Once We Walked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Menace_from_Earth_(collection)=The Menace from Earth (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Lies_Arthur=Here Lies Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunkard's_Walk_(novel)=Drunkard's Walk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Brocade=Beau Brocade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_13=Room 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_628-E8=La 628-E8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blair_Years=The Blair Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totem_and_Ore=Totem and Ore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Born_Chinese=American Born Chinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poet_(novel)=The Poet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Fay_and_the_Miracle_Man=Daisy Fay and the Miracle Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almost_a_Revolution=Almost a Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sting_of_the_Zygons=Sting of the Zygons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tam_Lin_(novel)=Tam Lin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dodo=The Last Dodo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armadale_(novel)=Armadale (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturnalia_(Davis_novel)=Saturnalia (Davis novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_Bonita_(novel)=Maria Bonita (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_and_Loathing_in_America=Fear and Loathing in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Men_Out=Three Men Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Witnesses_(book)=Three Witnesses (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Summer_of_Love_(novel)=My Summer of Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Sentence_(novel)=Death Sentence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reformation:_A_History=The Reformation: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_of_Tibet=The Rose of Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Way_to_Shiloh=A Long Way to Shiloh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolymsky_Heights=Kolymsky Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Chemist=The Sun Chemist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chelsea_Murders=The Chelsea Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dice_Spelled_Murder=The Dice Spelled Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadows,_Kith_and_Kin=The Shadows, Kith and Kin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framing_the_Early_Middle_Ages=Framing the Early Middle Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_(Star_Wars_novel)=Revelation (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Death_Ever_Slept=If Death Ever Slept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Four_to_Go=And Four to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Encyclopedia_of_Claims,_Frauds,_and_Hoaxes_of_the_Occult_and_Supernatural=An Encyclopedia of Claims, Frauds, and Hoaxes of the Occult and Supernatural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Grotesque_and_Arabesque=Tales of the Grotesque and Arabesque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Magicians=The Young Magicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Worlds_for_Old=New Worlds for Old
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Cities,_Far=Golden Cities, Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emphyrio=Emphyrio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_of_the_Amateur=The Cult of the Amateur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Thoughts_(Shobhaa_De_novel)=Second Thoughts (Shobhaa De novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimus=Grimus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_of_The_Qur'an=The Message of The Qur'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krautrocksampler=Krautrocksampler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midaq_Alley_(novel)=Midaq Alley (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moneychangers=The Moneychangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spawn_of_Cthulhu=The Spawn of Cthulhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Floating_City=A Floating City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Call_Retreat:_Lee_and_Grant:_The_Final_Victory=Never Call Retreat: Lee and Grant: The Final Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stitch_in_Time_(novel)=A Stitch in Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propeller_Island=Propeller Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Island_(book)=The Little Island (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discoveries_in_Fantasy=Discoveries in Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Short_Novels_of_Adult_Fantasy_I=Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Short_Novels_of_Adult_Fantasy_Volume_II=Great Short Novels of Adult Fantasy Volume II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_I_a_Hindu%3F=Am I a Hindu?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanic_Scriptures=The Satanic Scriptures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Defender_of_Camelot_(2002_book)=The Last Defender of Camelot (2002 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Climb_(book)=The Climb (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Be_Monsters!=Here Be Monsters!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Free_and_Equal=Born Free and Equal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_a_Great_Notion=Sometimes a Great Notion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envoy_Extraordinary_(novella)=Envoy Extraordinary (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Last_Song=The King's Last Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Abundance_of_Katherines=An Abundance of Katherines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restless_(novel)=Restless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Tilt_(novel)=Full Tilt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Souls=Old Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_We_Came_to_the_End=Then We Came to the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Ziklag=Days of Ziklag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Needle_(novel)=Needle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missionaries_in_India=Missionaries in India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strategy_Paradox=The Strategy Paradox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_Commands=Jerusalem Commands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vengeance_of_Rome=The Vengeance of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extraordinary_Adventures_of_Alfred_Kropp=The Extraordinary Adventures of Alfred Kropp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_It_Girl_(book_series)=The It Girl (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Brigades=The Ghost Brigades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prairie=The Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Champion=Complete Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Meister's_Journeyman_Years=Wilhelm Meister's Journeyman Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdoms_of_Sorcery=Kingdoms of Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journal_of_Julius_Rodman=The Journal of Julius Rodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Republic=Invisible Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Lose_Friends_&_Alienate_People_(memoir)=How to Lose Friends & Alienate People (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fool_of_the_World_and_the_Flying_Ship_(book)=The Fool of the World and the Flying Ship (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naming_and_Necessity=Naming and Necessity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemkosh=Hemkosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_(novel)=Rules (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Key_(novel)=The Golden Key (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(Muchamore_novel)=The Fall (Muchamore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_Time=Dawn of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Buddha_(novel)=Golden Buddha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Gifts=Strange Gifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Goblet=The Golden Goblet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleeping_with_the_Fishes=Sleeping with the Fishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Ivory=Empire of Ivory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosmology_of_Bing=The Cosmology of Bing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UnderSurface=UnderSurface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Place_in_the_Valley_Deep_in_the_Forest=From the Place in the Valley Deep in the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inevitability_of_Patriarchy=The Inevitability of Patriarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_This_Thing_Called_Science%3F=What Is This Thing Called Science?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_of_God:_A_Scientist_Presents_Evidence_for_Belief=The Language of God: A Scientist Presents Evidence for Belief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astronauts=The Astronauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moneypenny_Diaries:_Final_Fling=The Moneypenny Diaries: Final Fling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Heron=The Eye of the Heron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart-Shaped_Box_(novel)=Heart-Shaped Box (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Kill_Once_More=And Kill Once More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Billion-Dollar_Molecule=The Billion-Dollar Molecule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stories_of_English=The Stories of English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IQ_and_Global_Inequality=IQ and Global Inequality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_Butchers_Singing_Club=The Master Butchers Singing Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_California_Government_and_Politics=Understanding California Government and Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_Kinds_of_Loneliness=Eleven Kinds of Loneliness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_the_Border=Spirit of the Border
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plot_It_Yourself=Plot It Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_at_Wolfe's_Door=Three at Wolfe's Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Many_Clients=Too Many Clients
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Labyrinth_Key=The Labyrinth Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pesticide_Question=The Pesticide Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-PAX_IV:_A_New_Visitor_from_the_Constellation_Lyra=K-PAX IV: A New Visitor from the Constellation Lyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverwhere_(novel)=Neverwhere (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glasses_(Who_Needs_'Em%3F)=Glasses (Who Needs 'Em?)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Pets=The Big Pets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_(novel)=Paula (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baloney_(Henry_P.)=Baloney (Henry P.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seen_Art%3F=Seen Art?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squids_Will_Be_Squids=Squids Will Be Squids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guys_Write_for_Guys_Read=Guys Write for Guys Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janitor's_Boy=The Janitor's Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Hoped_For=Things Hoped For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_the_Pigeon_Drive_the_Bus!=Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_(novel)=Lucas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knuffle_Bunny=Knuffle Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo,_the_Terrible_Monster=Leonardo, the Terrible Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennial_Women=Millennial Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Week_in_the_Woods=A Week in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Tongue_(Suzette_Haden_Elgin_novel)=Native Tongue (Suzette Haden Elgin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irish_Famine_(book)=The Irish Famine (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Against_the_Sea=Men Against the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Fifty_Years=The Next Fifty Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hondo_&_Fabian=Hondo & Fabian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabian_Escapes=Fabian Escapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Days_and_Counting=Sixty Days and Counting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolates_on_the_Pillow_Aren't_Enough=Chocolates on the Pillow Aren't Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Gang_of_Asakusa=The Scarlet Gang of Asakusa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Made_of_Glass=Earth Made of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Teenage_Drama_Queen_(novel)=Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notorious_(novel)=Notorious (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckless_(von_Ziegesar_novel)=Reckless (von Ziegesar novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unforgettable_(novel)=Unforgettable (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Snuff-Box=The Emperor's Snuff-Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Faith=Keeping Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_9=Alpha 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Favourite_Game=The Favourite Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakleaf_Bearers=Oakleaf Bearers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Money_and_Banking_in_the_United_States=A History of Money and Banking in the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Edge:_Political_Cults_Right_and_Left=On the Edge: Political Cults Right and Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries_(novel)=The Princess Diaries (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Economics=The Death of Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Gospel=Another Gospel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cruise:_Unauthorized=Tom Cruise: Unauthorized
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Destination_Prague=Short Trips: Destination Prague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Snapshots=Short Trips: Snapshots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Back_for_More=Come Back for More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwork_(novel)=Clockwork (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchants_of_Souls=The Merchants of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armchair_Economist=The Armchair Economist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey_and_Sloth=Jeffrey and Sloth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blank_in_the_Weather_Map=A Blank in the Weather Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alexandria_Link=The Alexandria Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_Judas=The Gospel According to Judas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_and_Beulah=Thomas and Beulah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminist_Theory:_From_Margin_to_Center=Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Knees=American Knees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mathematics_of_Magic:_The_Enchanter_Stories_of_L._Sprague_de_Camp_and_Fletcher_Pratt=The Mathematics of Magic: The Enchanter Stories of L. Sprague de Camp and Fletcher Pratt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fur_Country=The Fur Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeker_(Noble_Warriors_Trilogy)=Seeker (Noble Warriors Trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Book_of_Common_Sense_Investing=Little Book of Common Sense Investing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women's_Room=The Women's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Design_Workshop=Game Design Workshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Joseph_Smith_by_His_Mother=History of Joseph Smith by His Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Way=The Chinese Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adding_a_Dimension=Adding a Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Mat=Under the Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblivion:_Stories=Oblivion: Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Precinct_(novel)=The Last Precinct (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_EBCC_Atlas_of_European_Breeding_Birds=The EBCC Atlas of European Breeding Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolanta_Antas=Jolanta Antas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Identity=Dr. Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attitude:_The_New_Subversive_Cartoonists=Attitude: The New Subversive Cartoonists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enduring_Love=Enduring Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassins_of_Rome=The Assassins of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metaphysical_Club:_A_Story_of_Ideas_in_America=The Metaphysical Club: A Story of Ideas in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_I_Hate_Abercrombie_and_Fitch=Why I Hate Abercrombie and Fitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_Adventuring_Again=Five Go Adventuring Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Run_Away_Together=Five Run Away Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_to_Smuggler's_Top=Five Go to Smuggler's Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_Off_in_a_Caravan=Five Go Off in a Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Just_and_the_Unjust=The Just and the Unjust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town_(Faulkner_novel)=The Town (Faulkner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalin's_Ghost=Stalin's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man=A Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denkoroku=Denkoroku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethics_and_Language=Ethics and Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Above_and_Beyond:_The_Encyclopedia_of_Aviation_and_Space_Sciences=Above and Beyond: The Encyclopedia of Aviation and Space Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_in_the_Blood=Winter in the Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_(novel)=Stone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacky_Daydream=Jacky Daydream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Law=Wild Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venom_Business=The Venom Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Went_Underground=The Cat Who Went Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_(memoir)=Dry (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extensa=Extensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gravedigger's_Daughter=The Gravedigger's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadership_Secrets_of_the_Rogue_Warrior=Leadership Secrets of the Rogue Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Dr._Moses=The Museum of Dr. Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crow_(novel)=The Crow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_My_Daughter_with_Love_on_the_Important_Things_in_Life=To My Daughter with Love on the Important Things in Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Loved_Cat_Dancing=The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_It_Just_Me_or_Is_Everything_Shit%3F:_Volume_Two=Is It Just Me or Is Everything Shit?: Volume Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Four_Years_(novel)=The First Four Years (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Faith=Acts of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Pigling_Bland=The Tale of Pigling Bland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Wong_Flunks_Big-Time=Stanford Wong Flunks Big-Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_in_the_Royal_Tower_(novel)=The Treasure in the Royal Tower (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirrorshades=Mirrorshades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Strange_Loop=I Am a Strange Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slight_Trick_of_the_Mind=A Slight Trick of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_Poppy=Leaving Poppy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Bright=Burning Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hullabaloo_in_the_Guava_Orchard=Hullabaloo in the Guava Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Success=The Science of Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Earthlings=More Than Earthlings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Sweat_&_Tea=Blood, Sweat & Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woven_Path=The Woven Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_Wore_Black_(novel)=The Bride Wore Black (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cue_for_Treason=Cue for Treason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singapore_Grip=The Singapore Grip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Norris_Changes_Trains=Mr Norris Changes Trains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_a_Trillion=Only a Trillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fighting_Ground=The Fighting Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hive_(novel)=The Hive (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Act_of_Marriage=The Act of Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve's_Diary=Eve's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Dru:_Administrator=Philip Dru: Administrator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candle_(novel)=Candle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Day_of_Creation=The Last Day of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coldest_Winter_Ever=The Coldest Winter Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barn_Owl's_Wondrous_Capers=The Barn Owl's Wondrous Capers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red,_White_and_Blue_Paradise=Red, White and Blue Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Children=Nobody's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Stone=Sacred Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpent_(novel)=Serpent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Gold=Blue Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Ice=Fire Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Death_(novel)=White Death (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polar_Shift_(novel)=Polar Shift (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_in_Code=Dreaming in Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downsiders=Downsiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_American_Story=The New American Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_Alpheus_Winterborn=The Treasure of Alpheus Winterborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Secret_of_Weatherend=The Dark Secret of Weatherend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratha's_Creature=Ratha's Creature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_on_Empty_(Hardy_Boys_novel)=Running on Empty (Hardy Boys novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Desire=Dark Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husky_Football_in_the_Don_James_Era=Husky Football in the Don James Era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Bomb=The Day of the Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadako_and_the_Thousand_Paper_Cranes=Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naughtiest_Girl_is_a_Monitor=The Naughtiest Girl is a Monitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Fire_(novel)=Under Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallows_View=Gallows View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamp_from_the_Warlock's_Tomb=The Lamp from the Warlock's Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_for_Elephants=Water for Elephants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Writer's_Diary=A Writer's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chart_Throb=Chart Throb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Built_for_Trouble=Built for Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_1:_The_Movement_Image=Cinema 1: The Movement Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_the_Scientific_Knowledge_of_Things_Familiar=A Guide to the Scientific Knowledge of Things Familiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_Visage=Shattered Visage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conjuring_(book)=Conjuring (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larson's_Book_of_World_Religions_and_Alternative_Spirituality=Larson's Book of World Religions and Alternative Spirituality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Mummy=Curse of the Mummy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudades_Desiertas=Ciudades Desiertas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_on_the_Rock=Shadows on the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Worlds_for_Old_(H._G._Wells)=New Worlds for Old (H. G. Wells)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Splendid_Suns=A Thousand Splendid Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dans_le_ciel=Dans le ciel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Bag_of_Secrets_(The_Words_of_Human_Drama)=My Bag of Secrets (The Words of Human Drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Northern_Light_(novel)=The Northern Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Our_Hillbrow=Welcome to Our Hillbrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ways_of_Dying=Ways of Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howl_of_the_Werewolf=Howl of the Werewolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daemon_(novel_series)=Daemon (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Universals=Human Universals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dough_and_the_Cherub=John Dough and the Cherub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook's_Battle=The Spook's Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Totally_Emily_Ebers=So Totally Emily Ebers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_Summer=A Song for Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Seeing_the_Dawn=Without Seeing the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Books_You_Must_Read_Before_You_Die=1001 Books You Must Read Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Spy=God's Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villains_by_Necessity=Villains by Necessity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_and_Her_Friends=Trouble and Her Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paingod_and_Other_Delusions=Paingod and Other Delusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goalie's_Anxiety_at_the_Penalty_Kick=The Goalie's Anxiety at the Penalty Kick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Autobiography_(Nehru)=An Autobiography (Nehru)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Sleeping_Beauties=The House of the Sleeping Beauties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niagara_Falls,_or_Does_It%3F=Niagara Falls, or Does It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Screen_(novel)=Silver Screen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_Suribachi=Shadow of Suribachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Item_Compendium=Magic Item Compendium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons,_Elves,_and_Heroes=Dragons, Elves, and Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Moon=Dragon Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candide,_Part_II=Candide, Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spell_(novel)=The Spell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armies_of_Memory=The Armies of Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poem_of_the_Man-God=The Poem of the Man-God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Treasure_Seekers=The Story of the Treasure Seekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dame's_the_Game=The Dame's the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steps_to_Christ=Steps to Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennterra=Pennterra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Al_(book)=Big Al (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Beyond_the_Stars=The Dark Beyond the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Years_a_Slave=Twelve Years a Slave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UFOs:_The_Greatest_Stories=UFOs: The Greatest Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Thinking_Big=The Magic of Thinking Big
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonheart=Moonheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_by_Bus_(book)=Babylon by Bus (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100,000,000_Guinea_Pigs=100,000,000 Guinea Pigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Got_a_%22D%22_in_Salami=I Got a "D" in Salami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_of_Isis=Sisters of Isis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Love:_New_Visions=All About Love: New Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_You_Leap=Before You Leap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Edge_(book)=Over the Edge (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Peril_(The_Dresden_Files)=Grave Peril (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Krynn=The Magic of Krynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kender,_Gully_Dwarves,_and_Gnomes=Kender, Gully Dwarves, and Gnomes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grotesque_(novel)=The Grotesque (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxy_an_Star=Boxy an Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_and_Allan=She and Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_A-List_(novel)=The A-List (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ends=Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Inch_a_King=Every Inch a King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music_on_the_Bamboo_Radio=Music on the Bamboo Radio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gray_Prince=The Gray Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrow_(novel)=Yarrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Waltz_in_Vienna=Last Waltz in Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Election_(novel)=Election (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hrolf_Kraki's_Saga=Hrolf Kraki's Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writing_FAST=Writing FAST
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_Encyclopedia=Croatian Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Sir,_With_Love_(novel)=To Sir, With Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascent_of_Rum_Doodle=The Ascent of Rum Doodle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hood_(novel)=Hood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_Flies_a_Kite=Curious George Flies a Kite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Your_Dangerous_Idea%3F=What Is Your Dangerous Idea?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_Air_and_Darkness=The Queen of Air and Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamside=Dreamside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scrap_of_Time_and_Other_Stories=A Scrap of Time and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nineteen_Minutes=Nineteen Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Played_Brahms=The Cat Who Played Brahms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Moon_(novel)=Wolf Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harlan_Ellison_Hornbook=The Harlan Ellison Hornbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Name_(novel)=No Name (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Tongue=The Double Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marazan=Marazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlovi_rano_lete=Orlovi rano lete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Disdained=So Disdained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Cive=De Cive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Pursuit=The Great Pursuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_the_Mighty=The Island of the Mighty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Sphinx=American Sphinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyperborea_(collection)=Hyperborea (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Notebooks_of_Dr._Brain=From the Notebooks of Dr. Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doom_that_Came_to_Sarnath_and_Other_Stories=The Doom that Came to Sarnath and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Kropp:_The_Seal_of_Solomon=Alfred Kropp: The Seal of Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highly_Effective_Detective=The Highly Effective Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Burning_in_Homeland=A Burning in Homeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Tax_Collector=Confessions of a Tax Collector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquamarine_(novel)=Aquamarine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evaluating_a_Large_Group_Awareness_Training=Evaluating a Large Group Awareness Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Saw_Another_Butterfly=I Never Saw Another Butterfly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Light,_City_of_Dark=City of Light, City of Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strangers_from_the_Sky=Strangers from the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Directive_(Star_Trek_novel)=Prime Directive (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorbunov_and_Gorchakov=Gorbunov and Gorchakov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hong_Kong_Comics:_A_History_of_Manhua=Hong Kong Comics: A History of Manhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Street=O Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Grew_Flowers=The Boy Who Grew Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Dropped_a_Bombshell=The Cat Who Dropped a Bombshell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Lady_(novel)=Phantom Lady (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Bad_Year=Diary of a Bad Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faiths_&_Avatars=Faiths & Avatars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_Accusations=Babylon 5: Accusations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_Voices=Babylon 5: Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_Blood_Oath=Babylon 5: Blood Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_Clark's_Law=Babylon 5: Clark's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_The_Touch_of_Your_Shadow,_the_Whisper_of_Your_Name=Babylon 5: The Touch of Your Shadow, the Whisper of Your Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_Betrayals=Babylon 5: Betrayals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_Personal_Agendas=Babylon 5: Personal Agendas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Name_of_Identity=In the Name of Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_of_Kazan=The Star of Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Capricorn=Beyond Capricorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journals_of_Expeditions_of_Discovery_into_Central_Australia=Journals of Expeditions of Discovery into Central Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Ride:_School's_Out_Forever=Maximum Ride: School's Out Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelfth_Imam=The Twelfth Imam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Dogs=Mad Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extremes=The Extremes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_New_Thing=The New New Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_the_Conduct_of_the_Understanding=Of the Conduct of the Understanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Erroneous_Zones=Your Erroneous Zones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affirmation=The Affirmation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dream_of_Wessex=A Dream of Wessex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breadwinner_(novel)=The Breadwinner (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Gold=Dark Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Magic_(novel)=Dark Magic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Dead_Live=How the Dead Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrench=The Wrench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashforward_(novel)=Flashforward (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boris_Yeltsin:_From_Dawn_to_Dusk=Boris Yeltsin: From Dawn to Dusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bryson's_African_Diary=Bill Bryson's African Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Annwn=Prince of Annwn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_Maltin's_Movie_Guide=Leonard Maltin's Movie Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_Llyr=The Children of Llyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Shore=Close to Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//Cell=.hack//Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divisadero_(novel)=Divisadero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zothique_(collection)=Zothique (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_Forever_(novel)=To Live Forever (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far-Seer=Far-Seer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopped=Shopped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Banshee_Towers=The Mystery of Banshee Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Schwa_Was_Here=The Schwa Was Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_Like_a_River=Peace Like a River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Uncle_Silas=My Uncle Silas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soap_Opera_Encyclopedia=The Soap Opera Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiccarph=Xiccarph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matriarch_(novel)=Matriarch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pit:_A_Group_Encounter_Defiled=The Pit: A Group Encounter Defiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidonis_(collection)=Poseidonis (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellucidar_(novel)=Pellucidar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedomnomics=Freedomnomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Voices,_Other_Rooms_(novel)=Other Voices, Other Rooms (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Edge_of_the_World_(collection)=At the Edge of the World (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_to_Stick=Made to Stick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Totem=Wolf Totem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Domestic_Animation=Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day,_All_Children=One Day, All Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Leapt_Through_Time=The Girl Who Leapt Through Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Est:_Playing_the_Game=Est: Playing the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Bullet_Away=One Bullet Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borgel=Borgel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Maize=Men of Maize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Corporations_Rule_the_World=When Corporations Rule the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egyptian_Grammar:_Being_an_Introduction_to_the_Study_of_Hieroglyphs=Egyptian Grammar: Being an Introduction to the Study of Hieroglyphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carpathians=The Carpathians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_House_in_the_Big_Woods=Little House in the Big Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Hills_and_Far_Away_(collection)=Over the Hills and Far Away (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Days_of_Terror=Twelve Days of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosophy_of_Friedrich_Nietzsche=The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Gardener=The Spanish Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Against_Time_(Nancy_Drew)=Race Against Time (Nancy Drew)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_Rhiannon=The Song of Rhiannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Underdog=Beneath the Underdog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mystery_for_Mr._Bass=A Mystery for Mr. Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Mr._Bass=Time and Mr. Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_V:_Princess_in_Pink=The Princess Diaries, Volume V: Princess in Pink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Humble_Administrator's_Garden=The Humble Administrator's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IHOP_Papers=The IHOP Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duluth_(novel)=Duluth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Fly_(novel)=Blow Fly (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homecoming_(novel)=Homecoming (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_into_Wolf=Man into Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transcendental_Temptation=The Transcendental Temptation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Amerika=Russian Amerika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_(novel)=The Snow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronze_Horseman_(poem)=The Bronze Horseman (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Statement_(novel)=The Statement (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Key=The Stone Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Pool=The Moon Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeglader=Freeglader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanished_Diamond=The Vanished Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Wild_(Warriors)=Into the Wild (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Ice_(novel)=Fire and Ice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_of_Secrets=Forest of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Storm_(novel)=Rising Storm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Path=A Dangerous Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkest_Hour_(Warriors)=The Darkest Hour (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_(Warriors)=Midnight (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonrise_(novel)=Moonrise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(Warriors)=Dawn (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stir_of_Echoes=A Stir of Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starlight_(Warriors)=Starlight (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(Warriors)=Twilight (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_(novel)=Sunset (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sight_(Warriors)=The Sight (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheese_and_the_Worms=The Cheese and the Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Family,_Friends,_and_Editors_(Franz_Kafka)=Letters to Family, Friends, and Editors (Franz Kafka)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churches_That_Abuse=Churches That Abuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkest_Evening_of_the_Year=The Darkest Evening of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/28_(book)=28 (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_IV:_Princess_in_Waiting=The Princess Diaries, Volume IV: Princess in Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_IV_and_1/2:_Project_Princess=The Princess Diaries, Volume IV and 1/2: Project Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_VI:_Princess_in_Training=The Princess Diaries, Volume VI: Princess in Training
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_of_January=West of January
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_VII:_Party_Princess=The Princess Diaries, Volume VII: Party Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_VII_and_1/2:_Sweet_Sixteen_Princess=The Princess Diaries, Volume VII and 1/2: Sweet Sixteen Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_VII_and_3/4:_Valentine_Princess=The Princess Diaries, Volume VII and 3/4: Valentine Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_VIII:_Princess_on_the_Brink=The Princess Diaries, Volume VIII: Princess on the Brink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_IX:_Princess_Mia=The Princess Diaries, Volume IX: Princess Mia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_Diaries,_Volume_X:_Forever_Princess=The Princess Diaries, Volume X: Forever Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vanished_Man=The Vanished Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan's_Wife_&_Other_Tales=Allan's Wife & Other Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_Book=The Summer Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Winter_Book=A Winter Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacklight=Jacklight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dies_the_Fire=Dies the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_of_Spiegel=Slaves of Spiegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitty_Foyle_(novel)=Kitty Foyle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_of_Corax=The Gospel of Corax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_of_Drury_Lane=The Diamond of Drury Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graveyard_Book=The Graveyard Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physics_of_Superheroes=The Physics of Superheroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Model_World_and_Other_Stories=A Model World and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_Autumn_(novel)=Forever Autumn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_Is_for_Magic=M Is for Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Arm=One Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ekaveera=Ekaveera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worms_of_Kukumlima=The Worms of Kukumlima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joke's_Over=The Joke's Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Dust=Kiss the Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_of_British_Birds=Handbook of British Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Against_Time:_Searching_for_Hope_in_AIDS-Ravaged_Africa=Race Against Time: Searching for Hope in AIDS-Ravaged Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowblind_(book)=Snowblind (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_the_Mist=The People of the Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeleton_Coast_(novel)=Skeleton Coast (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terror_(novel)=The Terror (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Story_(novel)=Love Story (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Siege_(novel)=Sharpe's Siege (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Zone_(novel)=The Dead Zone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbery_Under_Arms=Robbery Under Arms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowland_(Cabot_novel)=Shadowland (Cabot novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Fields_We_Know=Beyond the Fields We Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moo_(novel)=Moo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle's_Post_Office=Doctor Dolittle's Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Canada=The New Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Tasks_of_Flavia_Gemina=The Twelve Tasks of Flavia Gemina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don_Rodriguez:_Chronicles_of_Shadow_Valley=Don Rodriguez: Chronicles of Shadow Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Love=The History of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty-One_Tales=Fifty-One Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heathen's_Guide_to_World_Religions=The Heathen's Guide to World Religions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Colony=The Last Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rameau's_Nephew=Rameau's Nephew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Critical=Close to Critical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetworld=Wetworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sick_Building=Sick Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verses_Dedicatory=Verses Dedicatory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Good_Again=Making Good Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith's_Gazelle=Smith's Gazelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Plum_Lake=Under Plum Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult-Proofing_Your_Kids=Cult-Proofing Your Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_City_(novel)=Tales of the City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Plague_of_Frogs=A Plague of Frogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Tales_of_the_City_(novel)=More Tales of the City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Tales_of_the_City_(novel)=Further Tales of the City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babycakes=Babycakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Significant_Others_(novel)=Significant Others (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sure_of_You=Sure of You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Tolliver_Lives=Michael Tolliver Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorcerer's_Ship=The Sorcerer's Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft:_A_Life=H. P. Lovecraft: A Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Golden_Stair=Beyond the Golden Stair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shaving_of_Shagpat=The Shaving of Shagpat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realms_of_Wizardry=Realms of Wizardry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Phoenix=Double Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Light=Star Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batavia's_Graveyard=Batavia's Graveyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Brothers_Were_Valiant_(novel)=All the Brothers Were Valiant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Game_(novel)=Mind Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Game_(novel)=Night Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_(novella)=Tristan (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Malry's_Own_Double-Entry=Christie Malry's Own Double-Entry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crook_Factory=The Crook Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loop_(novel)=Loop (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Festival_of_San_Joaquin=The Festival of San Joaquin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Politics_Lost=Politics Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_(Westerfeld_novel)=Leviathan (Westerfeld novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necessary_But_Not_Sufficient_(novel)=Necessary But Not Sufficient (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Pascal=Doctor Pascal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heaven_Shop=The Heaven Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Typhoon_Shore=Operation Typhoon Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Idea_of_Fun=My Idea of Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_the_Euphrates=Rise the Euphrates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coasting_(book)=Coasting (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveillance_(novel)=Surveillance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_'44=Rising '44
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Center_of_the_Storm=At the Center of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Fold=Double Fold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afghan_Campaign=The Afghan Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Are_Together_Again=Five Are Together Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_America_(And_So_Can_You!)=I Am America (And So Can You!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looming_Tower=The Looming Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havana_Heat=Havana Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guess_How_Much_I_Love_You=Guess How Much I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Sideways_Arithmetic_from_Wayside_School=More Sideways Arithmetic from Wayside School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Went_Thataway=They Went Thataway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Beach=Steel Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Big_Men_Fly=And the Big Men Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_King_Harry=Good King Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Bridge=Monkey Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomsday_(novel)=Boomsday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleepwalker_(novel)=The Sleepwalker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_in_Cuban=Dreaming in Cuban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Definitive_Biography_of_P.D.Q._Bach=The Definitive Biography of P.D.Q. Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Tigers=The Two Tigers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Enemy_(novel)=Sharpe's Enemy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmouth=Valmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_(Bertagna_novel)=Exodus (Bertagna novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khaled:_A_Tale_of_Arabia=Khaled: A Tale of Arabia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Worlds:_The_Art_of_Fantasy=Imaginary Worlds: The Art of Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bad_Spell_in_Yurt=A Bad Spell in Yurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Doctor's_Report_on_Dianetics=A Doctor's Report on Dianetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Star_(novel)=Shadow Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Course_of_Time=The Course of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Red_Corsair=Son of the Red Corsair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chameleon's_Shadow=The Chameleon's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Operetta=Pagan Operetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Transformers_books=List of Transformers books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorian,_an_Imitation=Dorian, an Imitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Apes_(novel)=Great Apes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Continent:_The_Story_of_Atlantis=The Lost Continent: The Story of Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifts_of_Deceit=Gifts of Deceit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Est:_The_Steersman_Handbook=Est: The Steersman Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_of_the_Road=Gentlemen of the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measle_and_the_Wrathmonk=Measle and the Wrathmonk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Badger_and_the_Pirates=Bill Badger and the Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_and_the_State=God and the State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idylls_of_the_Queen=The Idylls of the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Frank:_The_Biography=Anne Frank: The Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Confidential=L.A. Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japrocksampler=Japrocksampler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Right_One_In_(novel)=Let the Right One In (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Grain_Race=The Last Grain Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_on_Our_Watch=Not on Our Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Malay_Archipelago=The Malay Archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_the_Leader_was_Killed=The Day the Leader was Killed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Great_Horn_Spoon!=By the Great Horn Spoon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandfather_Stories=Grandfather Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Challenge=Dark Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Mad_Universe=What Mad Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martians,_Go_Home=Martians, Go Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Rack!_Come_Rope!=Come Rack! Come Rope!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rector_of_Veilbye=The Rector of Veilbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essentials_of_Programming_Languages=Essentials of Programming Languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Chesil_Beach=On Chesil Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Bee_(graphic_novel)=Queen Bee (graphic novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Profits_of_Religion=The Profits of Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity's_Shore=Infinity's Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasteland_(novel)=Wasteland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denise_Vega=Denise Vega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troublesome_Offspring_of_Cardinal_Guzman=The Troublesome Offspring of Cardinal Guzman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glory=The Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_God_in_Ruins=A God in Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodbrothers_(novel)=Bloodbrothers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unsex'd_Females=The Unsex'd Females
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work:_A_Story_of_Experience=Work: A Story of Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Better_Than_Sex_(book)=Better Than Sex (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant=Skulduggery Pleasant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Sin:_Illuminating_the_Riddle=Original Sin: Illuminating the Riddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venture_to_the_Moon=Venture to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Felice=Letters to Felice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Rendezvous=The Golden Rendezvous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Man_in_Africa_(novel)=A Good Man in Africa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Ice-Cream_War=An Ice-Cream War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armadillo_(novel)=Armadillo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touching_Darkness=Touching Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_the_Gods=Time and the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troika=The Troika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivors_of_the_%22Jonathan%22=The Survivors of the "Jonathan"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_(short_story_collection)=Eye (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Green_Hat_and_the_Wizard=Sir Green Hat and the Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skywriting_by_Word_of_Mouth=Skywriting by Word of Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Treason=No Treason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Afternoon=The Blue Afternoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politics_of_Religious_Apostasy=The Politics of Religious Apostasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Noon=Blue Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plucker=The Plucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bookshop=The Bookshop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beast_House=The Beast House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Tour=The Midnight Tour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Islamist=The Islamist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispin:_At_the_Edge_of_the_World=Crispin: At the Edge of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Program_(novel)=The Program (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hope_in_the_Unseen=A Hope in the Unseen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_(Leo_Tolstoy_novel)=Youth (Leo Tolstoy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_(Conrad_short_story)=Youth (Conrad short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Is_Not_Great=God Is Not Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bid_Time_Return=Bid Time Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_B._Gone=Mister B. Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Re_Atari=De Re Atari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Contact_Harvest=Halo: Contact Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God,_Guns_&_Rock_and_Roll=God, Guns & Rock and Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Minds_of_Men=Fire in the Minds of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Green_Men_(novel)=Little Green Men (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monthly_Index_of_Medical_Specialities=Monthly Index of Medical Specialities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_of_Fire=Winter of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligan_Stew_(novel)=Mulligan Stew (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Lioness=The White Lioness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Smiled=The Man Who Smiled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Woman=The Fifth Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Step_Behind_(novel)=One Step Behind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Frost=Before the Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_Games=End Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Draining_Lake=The Draining Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Man=Black Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_in_the_Flesh=Not in the Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Fire_(Feehan_novel)=Dark Fire (Feehan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Starship_Trap=The Starship Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cults:_Faith,_Healing_and_Coercion=Cults: Faith, Healing and Coercion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Alone=America Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comprehensive_History_of_The_Church_of_Jesus_Christ_of_Latter-day_Saints=Comprehensive History of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy's_Brain=Kennedy's Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_(comics)=Shenzhen (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Secret=Blood Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Arrow_(novel)=The House of the Arrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondibert=Gondibert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Gods_Children_(book)=All Gods Children (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_a_Young_Brother=Letters to a Young Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Mukti_and_Other_Tales_of_Woe=Dr. Mukti and Other Tales of Woe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overclocked:_Stories_of_the_Future_Present=Overclocked: Stories of the Future Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Demon=Dark Demon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Many_Miles_to_Babylon%3F_(novel)=How Many Miles to Babylon? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge_of_the_Cults_and_New_Religions=The Challenge of the Cults and New Religions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Reflections=Dark Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Secret_(novel)=Dark Secret (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Real_Cool:_Black_Men_and_Masculinity=We Real Cool: Black Men and Masculinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors:_Power_of_Three=Warriors: Power of Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fools_Crow=Fools Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychology_of_the_Psychic=The Psychology of the Psychic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_of_the_Pygmies=Forest of the Pygmies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blast_Off_at_Woomera=Blast Off at Woomera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Charles_Eastman_(Ohiyesa)=The Essential Charles Eastman (Ohiyesa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steam_Man_of_the_Prairies=The Steam Man of the Prairies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Star_(novel)=Death Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Months_in_the_Southern_States=Three Months in the Southern States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Domes_of_Pico=The Domes of Pico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_as_Big_as_the_Ritz=The Diamond as Big as the Ritz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_(Vidal_novel)=Hollywood (Vidal novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phat_Sein_Kywan_Taung_Shwe_Wuttu-to_Myar=Phat Sein Kywan Taung Shwe Wuttu-to Myar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Columbus=Operation Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carbon_War=The Carbon War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey's_Raincoat=The Monkey's Raincoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Base_One=Moon Base One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diablo:_The_Sin_War_2:_Scales_of_the_Serpent=Diablo: The Sin War 2: Scales of the Serpent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mapping_the_Atari=Mapping the Atari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_War_(Dragonlance)=Love and War (Dragonlance)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrish_(novel)=Parrish (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Ghost=Exit Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid=Diary of a Wimpy Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Mars=Destination Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Hugo_Cabret=The Invention of Hugo Cabret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Excalibur_Alternative=The Excalibur Alternative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirie_(novel)=Cirie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diablo:_The_Sin_War_1:_Birthright=Diablo: The Sin War 1: Birthright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle's_Circus=Doctor Dolittle's Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle's_Caravan=Doctor Dolittle's Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_is_Guru_Maharaj_Ji%3F=Who is Guru Maharaj Ji?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cockroaches_(novel)=The Cockroaches (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_by_Satellite=Terror by Satellite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Jupiter=Journey to Jupiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Litre_no_Namida=1 Litre no Namida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Debt_Collector_(novel)=The Debt Collector (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courting_Justice=Courting Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Myself_and_Others=Reading Myself and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Summer_(of_You_and_Me)=The Last Summer (of You and Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_to_Mercury=Mission to Mercury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_(novel)=Buddy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceship_to_Saturn=Spaceship to Saturn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwood=Nightwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mohole_Mystery=The Mohole Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First,_Break_All_the_Rules=First, Break All the Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearly_Neptune=Nearly Neptune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Welleran_and_Other_Stories=The Sword of Welleran and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_Within_(Michael_Savage_book)=The Enemy Within (Michael Savage book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_City=The Tenth City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_of_the_Icemark=The Cry of the Icemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Grand_Central_Station_I_Sat_Down_and_Wept=By Grand Central Station I Sat Down and Wept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darker_Than_You_Think=Darker Than You Think
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teachings_of_the_Prophet_Joseph_Smith_(book)=Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhett_Butler's_People=Rhett Butler's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gum_Thief=The Gum Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_(book)=Terry (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diablo:_The_Sin_War_3:_The_Veiled_Prophet=Diablo: The Sin War 3: The Veiled Prophet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Girls_(Wilson_novel)=Bad Girls (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Summertime_(novel)=British Summertime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inshallah_(novel)=Inshallah (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_World_(novel)=The Modern World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roman_Hat_Mystery=The Roman Hat Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Powder_Mystery=The French Powder Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Doctors_Think=How Doctors Think
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Integration_Patterns=Enterprise Integration Patterns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_of_Macedon=Lion of Macedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sit_Down_and_Shut_Up=Sit Down and Shut Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dig_(novel)=The Dig (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dutch_Shoe_Mystery=The Dutch Shoe Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greek_Coffin_Mystery=The Greek Coffin Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Class_Struggle_in_the_Ancient_Greek_World=The Class Struggle in the Ancient Greek World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Egyptian_Cross_Mystery=The Egyptian Cross Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Gun_Mystery=The American Gun Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siamese_Twin_Mystery=The Siamese Twin Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land_(novel)=Promised Land (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argall:_The_True_Story_of_Pocahontas_and_Captain_John_Smith=Argall: The True Story of Pocahontas and Captain John Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LETTERS=LETTERS
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathing_for_a_Living=Breathing for a Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judas_Window=The Judas Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Boy=Cloud Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wood_Beyond_the_World=The Wood Beyond the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_of_the_Wondrous_Isles=The Water of the Wondrous Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sundering_Flood=The Sundering Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Fellow=The Big Fellow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IBM_and_the_Holocaust=IBM and the Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engleby=Engleby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_of_the_Blind_and_Other_Stories=The Country of the Blind and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Traders=The Time Traders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodline_(Cary_novel)=Bloodline (Cary novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_Murder_Case=The Garden Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Jefferson:_Author_of_America=Thomas Jefferson: Author of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Poverty,_and_War=Love, Poverty, and War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Orwell_Matters=Why Orwell Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_God=The Rain God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_a_Young_Contrarian=Letters to a Young Contrarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Remains_(book)=What Remains (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_Orange_Mystery=The Chinese Orange Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Cape_Mystery=The Spanish Cape Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamp_of_God=The Lamp of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(McLaughlin_novel)=Dawn (McLaughlin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Damosel=The King's Damosel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blues_Brothers_(novel)=The Blues Brothers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pather_Panchali_(novel)=Pather Panchali (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cripps_the_Carrier=Cripps the Carrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contingency,_Irony,_and_Solidarity=Contingency, Irony, and Solidarity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Sin_Eater=The Last Sin Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atonement_Child=The Atonement Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway_House_(novel)=Halfway House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_Out_West=Aunt Jane's Nieces Out West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_on_the_Ranch=Aunt Jane's Nieces on the Ranch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_They_Give_You_Lined_Paper,_Write_Sideways=If They Give You Lined Paper, Write Sideways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_(novel)=The Prince (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Deduction=The Final Deduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_100_Most_Influential_Books_Ever_Written=The 100 Most Influential Books Ever Written
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Widow=Samurai Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belushi:_A_Biography=Belushi: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_the_Oil_Endgame=Winning the Oil Endgame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Will_Go_to_the_Moon_(book)=You Will Go to the Moon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Silver=Death in Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stations_(Heaney)=Stations (Heaney)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_on_Vacation=Aunt Jane's Nieces on Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Brightly=Twice Brightly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Glance=Second Glance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery!_The_Search_for_Arabian_Oil=Discovery! The Search for Arabian Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairyland's_Beauty=Fairyland's Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_John_Riddell_Murder_Case=The John Riddell Murder Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Kind_of_a_Funny_Story=It's Kind of a Funny Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moral_Animal=The Moral Animal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canary_(novel)=Grand Canary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Thread=The Scarlet Thread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invincible_(Star_Wars_novel)=Invincible (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folk_and_Fairy_Tales=Folk and Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lottery_Rose=The Lottery Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Children_(novel)=Little Children (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Landscape_of_Love=The Landscape of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard:_The_Life_and_Times_of_Nikola_Tesla=Wizard: The Life and Times of Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesla:_Man_Out_of_Time=Tesla: Man Out of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fantastic_Inventions_of_Nikola_Tesla=The Fantastic Inventions of Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inventions,_Researches,_and_Writings_of_Nikola_Tesla=The Inventions, Researches, and Writings of Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigal_Genius:_The_Life_of_Nikola_Tesla=Prodigal Genius: The Life of Nikola Tesla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Invented_the_Twentieth_Century=The Man Who Invented the Twentieth Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalaya_(book)=Himalaya (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_That_Berry_Built=The House That Berry Built
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_Not_to_Tell=Promise Not to Tell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Come_the_Blobbies=Here Come the Blobbies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dedicated_Man=A Dedicated Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeker_(novel)=Seeker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Himalaya=Inside Himalaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Sahara=Inside Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Space_and_Time=Tales of Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Man:_The_Life_of_Neil_A._Armstrong=First Man: The Life of Neil A. Armstrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_Zero_Hour=Resident Evil: Zero Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snuff_(Palahniuk_novel)=Snuff (Palahniuk novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Shakespeare_Dead%3F=Is Shakespeare Dead?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Journeys=Sacred Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_of_Reprieve=Moments of Reprieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti-intellectualism_in_American_Life=Anti-intellectualism in American Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitt_Marie_Rose=Sitt Marie Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dateline:_Toronto=Dateline: Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starcross_(novel)=Starcross (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oath_of_Swords=Oath of Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Paine's_%22Rights_of_Man%22:_A_Biography=Thomas Paine's "Rights of Man": A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Pictures=Cloud Pictures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan_Sinks=Japan Sinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pole_to_Pole:_The_Photographs=Pole to Pole: The Photographs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_(novel)=Silence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maske:_Thaery=Maske: Thaery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violence_and_the_Sacred=Violence and the Sacred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Women=With Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selling_Blue_Elephants=Selling Blue Elephants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_China_Blues=Red China Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kindred_Spirits_(novel)=Kindred Spirits (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Football_Factory_(novel)=The Football Factory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dreamer's_Tales=A Dreamer's Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Plays=Five Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Circle:_The_Photographs=Full Circle: The Photographs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Understand_Me=Please Understand Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William's_Doll=William's Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Six_Messiahs=The Six Messiahs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Orchid=Empress Orchid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Grit_(novel)=True Grit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciske_de_Rat=Ciske de Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowball's_Chance=Snowball's Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capitalist_Nigger=Capitalist Nigger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_80_Days_(Michael_Palin_book)=Around the World in 80 Days (Michael Palin book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solarians=The Solarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Thug_(novel)=Confessions of a Thug (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Warrior_(Warriors)=The Lost Warrior (Warriors)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Necessary_End=A Necessary End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Valley=The Hanging Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenhouse_Solutions_with_Sustainable_Energy=Greenhouse Solutions with Sustainable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara_(Michael_Palin_book)=Sahara (Michael Palin book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Bones_That_Dream=Dry Bones That Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_Jane_Austen=Becoming Jane Austen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Right=Dead Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Man_of_Seville=The Blind Man of Seville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Knight_(book)=The White Knight (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman's_World_(novel)=Woman's World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_and_the_Damned=The Silent and the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Assassins=The Hidden Assassins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_of_a_Christian_Knight=Handbook of a Christian Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimble=Grimble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemingway_Adventure_(book)=Hemingway Adventure (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Generals_(novel)=The Generals (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Can_Happen_Here=It Can Happen Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Fox=Stone Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Moves_(Carla_Hannaford_book)=Smart Moves (Carla Hannaford book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_(novel)=Bulldog Drummond (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Wonder=The Book of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Book_of_Wonder=The Last Book of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_is_the_Grave=Cold is the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftermath_(Peter_Robinson_novel)=Aftermath (Peter Robinson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_That_Never_Was=The Summer That Never Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_of_the_Devil_(novel)=Friend of the Devil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Back_(novel)=Don't Look Back (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Devil_Holds_the_Candle=When the Devil Holds the Candle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Seconds=Black Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Almost_Moon=The Almost Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_and_Autumn_Annals_of_the_Sixteen_Kingdoms=Spring and Autumn Annals of the Sixteen Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_for_Pizza=Playing for Pizza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bondwoman's_Narrative=The Bondwoman's Narrative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reagan_Diaries=The Reagan Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Mom_and_Jo=Between Mom and Jo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1945_(Conroy_novel)=1945 (Conroy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_Flower=Desert Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_the_Dead_(novel)=City of the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_the_Rats=City of the Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homo_Faber_(novel)=Homo Faber (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Secret_Life_on_the_McJob=My Secret Life on the McJob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Ultimatum=The Bourne Ultimatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_War_series=Pacific War series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skattejakten_(novel)=Skattejakten (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abominable_Firebug=Abominable Firebug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_(novel)=Tomorrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Part_of_the_Pilgrim's_Progress=The Third Part of the Pilgrim's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Tucket=Mr. Tucket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Francis_Tucket=Call Me Francis Tucket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucket's_Ride=Tucket's Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucket's_Gold=Tucket's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucket's_Home=Tucket's Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proteus_Operation=The Proteus Operation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tony_Years=The Tony Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Craig_Brown=This Is Craig Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtu=The Virtu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirador_(novel)=The Mirador (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Green:_Remembering_the_Sixties=Prime Green: Remembering the Sixties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Other_Impossible_Pursuits=Love and Other Impossible Pursuits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_King=The Ghost King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate_King=The Pirate King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wide,_Wide_World=The Wide, Wide World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewer's_Rogues,_Villains_and_Eccentrics=Brewer's Rogues, Villains and Eccentrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airman_(novel)=Airman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_God_(novel)=Children of God (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weight-Loss_Cure_%22They%22_Don't_Want_You_to_Know_About=The Weight-Loss Cure "They" Don't Want You to Know About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_English_King=The Last English King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Suns=House of Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Brady=Growing Up Brady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_of_Execution=A Place of Execution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_of_Dune=Paul of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Masks=Death Masks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Red_Horse_Cavern=The Legend of Red Horse Cavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodomonte's_Revenge=Rodomonte's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Fire_Mountain=Escape from Fire Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(Nesser_novel)=The Return (Nesser novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Water=The Shape of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terracotta_Dog=The Terracotta Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snack_Thief=The Snack Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_But_Straight=Anything But Straight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_Spilt=The Blood Spilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shame_(Alvtegen_novel)=Shame (Alvtegen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Lesbian_Sex_Book=The Whole Lesbian Sex Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaphappy=Slaphappy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic's_Child=Magic's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Lessons=Magic Lessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_(novel)=The Land (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_or_Madness=Magic or Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Feather=Scarlet Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdigris_Deep=Verdigris Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Three_Hemispheres=Tales of Three Hemispheres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cugel's_Saga=Cugel's Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Lee:_The_Man_Only_I_Knew=Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_for_Glory_(book)=Bound for Glory (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Spears=The Broken Spears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Latitudes=Blue Latitudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Rush=Soul Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pump_House_Gang=The Pump House Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunt_for_the_Four_Brothers=The Hunt for the Four Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Will_to_Survive=A Will to Survive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daredevils_(The_Hardy_Boys)=Daredevils (The Hardy Boys)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_&_Bones_(Hardy_Boys_novel)=Skin & Bones (Hardy Boys novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shifting_Sands=The Shifting Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reclaiming_History=Reclaiming History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_in_the_Attic=The Fox in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Plague=The Scarlet Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Destiny=Sons of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candle_in_the_Wind=The Candle in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Voices_of_the_Great_War=Forgotten Voices of the Great War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Voices_of_the_Holocaust=Forgotten Voices of the Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Voices_of_the_Second_World_War=Forgotten Voices of the Second World War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Voices_of_the_Blitz_and_the_Battle_of_Britain=Forgotten Voices of the Blitz and the Battle of Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Voices_of_the_Falklands=Forgotten Voices of the Falklands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_the_Violin=The Voice of the Violin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excursion_to_Tindari=Excursion to Tindari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scent_of_the_Night=The Scent of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounding_the_Mark=Rounding the Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curious_Sofa=The Curious Sofa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_Fake=My Life as a Fake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Holly_and_Ivy=The Story of Holly and Ivy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overlook=The Overlook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragged_Dick=Ragged Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immaterial_(collection)=Immaterial (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_Song_(novel)=Sword Song (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudine_at_St.Clare's=Claudine at St.Clare's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You've_Got_to_Have_a_Dream=You've Got to Have a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop._1280=Pop. 1280
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch_of_Portobello=The Witch of Portobello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plausible_Worlds=Plausible Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonto_Basin_(novel)=Tonto Basin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_a_Glass,_Clearly=Through a Glass, Clearly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crack-Up=The Crack-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Park_(novel)=Echo Park (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Laws_of_Physics=The Laws of Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ramble_Round_the_Globe=A Ramble Round the Globe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner's_Rules=Skinner's Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins-Robert_French_Dictionary=Collins-Robert French Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner's_Trail=Skinner's Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrims_(short_story_collection)=Pilgrims (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manliness_(book)=Manliness (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_Stealing_Horses=Out Stealing Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tibetan_Book_of_Living_and_Dying=The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunneva_keisarin_kaupungissa=Sunneva keisarin kaupungissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vehkalahden_neidot=Vehkalahden neidot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_of_Zhamanak=The Prisoner of Zhamanak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartanonherra_ja_kaunis_Kirstin=Kartanonherra ja kaunis Kirstin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viipurin_kaunotar=Viipurin kaunotar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_Luna=Eva Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacemaker_(novel)=Peacemaker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate_Loop=The Pirate Loop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orphan_at_My_Door=Orphan at My Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishing_Well_(novel)=Wishing Well (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Superman!=It's Superman!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skallagrigg=Skallagrigg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wideacre=Wideacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Ring=The Iron Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Wolf=People of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park_and_Philosophy:_Bigger,_Longer,_and_More_Penetrating=South Park and Philosophy: Bigger, Longer, and More Penetrating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakas_Henrietta=Rakas Henrietta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karjalan_kruunu=Karjalan kruunu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rautalilja=Rautalilja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_Samarinda=East of Samarinda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hons_and_Rebels=Hons and Rebels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruusulaakso=Ruusulaakso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Riders=Scarlet Riders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Latin_Dictionary=Oxford Latin Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(von_Ziegesar_novel)=Lucky (von Ziegesar novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad:_A_Prophet_for_Our_Time=Muhammad: A Prophet for Our Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Sirens=Secret of the Sirens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl,_Missing=Girl, Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_a_Typeface=Anatomy of a Typeface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Box=The God Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briar_Rose_(novel)=Briar Rose (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_La_Fenice=Death at La Fenice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Wright_(fictional_character)=Jack Wright (fictional character)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_and_Shadow=Sun and Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Tracks=Frozen Tracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_That_Fall_from_the_Sky=Things That Fall from the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instant_Physics=Instant Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jaguar_Smile=The Jaguar Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Days_or_Forever%3F=Six Days or Forever?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireworks:_Nine_Profane_Pieces=Fireworks: Nine Profane Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muna_Madan=Muna Madan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testament_(Ludlum_novel)=The Testament (Ludlum novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birth_of_a_Salesman=Birth of a Salesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Computer_Nut=The Computer Nut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porvarin_morsian=Porvarin morsian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_(novel)=Isabella (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riptide_(novel)=Riptide (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finishing_Stroke=The Finishing Stroke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fablehaven:_Rise_of_the_Evening_Star=Fablehaven: Rise of the Evening Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappearance_(novel)=Disappearance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Franchise_Affair=The Franchise Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_at_Riverton=The House at Riverton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haukka,_minun_rakkaani=Haukka, minun rakkaani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tragic_Legacy=A Tragic Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_Brunoniana=Encyclopedia Brunoniana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interventions=Interventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanajan_Joanna=Vanajan Joanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaskilintu=Vaskilintu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Easter_Parade=The Easter Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilco:_Learning_How_to_Die=Wilco: Learning How to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miniatures_Handbook=Miniatures Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Marriott:_All_Too_Beautiful...=Steve Marriott: All Too Beautiful...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Orders_Old_and_New=World Orders Old and New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_of_His_Grace=The Days of His Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Graphic_Novel=Artemis Fowl: The Graphic Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politics_of_Anti-Semitism=The Politics of Anti-Semitism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newjack:_Guarding_Sing_Sing=Newjack: Guarding Sing Sing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant_and_Bee=Ant and Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slinky_Malinki=Slinky Malinki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stork_Club_(book)=The Stork Club (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Wished_to_Be_a_Man=The Cat Who Wished to Be a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Specimen_of_the_Botany_of_New_Holland=A Specimen of the Botany of New Holland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hairy_Maclary's_Bone=Hairy Maclary's Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slinky_Malinki_Open_The_Door=Slinky Malinki Open The Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthills_of_the_Savannah=Anthills of the Savannah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Gates_of_Dream=Beyond the Gates of Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erak's_Ransom=Erak's Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_(Croggon_novel)=The Gift (Croggon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuulihaukka=Tuulihaukka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indra's_Net_(book)=Indra's Net (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_in_the_Scriptorium=Travels in the Scriptorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silencing_Dissent=Silencing Dissent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Battle=The Secret Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frisk_(novel)=Frisk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_of_the_Night_(book)=Creatures of the Night (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorcher:_The_Dirty_Politics_of_Climate_Change=Scorcher: The Dirty Politics of Climate Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing=The Singing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Worlds_(Lin_Carter)=Lost Worlds (Lin Carter)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wrinkle_in_the_Skin=A Wrinkle in the Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diagnostics_of_Karma=Diagnostics of Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Mao_on_the_Long_March=The Adventures of Mao on the Long March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mailroom:_Hollywood_History_from_the_Bottom_Up=The Mailroom: Hollywood History from the Bottom Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cross_and_the_Switchblade=The Cross and the Switchblade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Ghost_Stories=More Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Thief_(novel)=The Fire Thief (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Mountain=The Burning Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner's_Round=Skinner's Round
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Toys=Strange Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Beats_the_Devil=Carter Beats the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Meetings=House of Meetings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mildenhall_Treasure=The Mildenhall Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_(Baxter_novel)=Emperor (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Castle_(book)=The Haunted Castle (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caramuru_(epic_poem)=Caramuru (epic poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Xothic_Legend_Cycle:_The_Complete_Mythos_Fiction_of_Lin_Carter=The Xothic Legend Cycle: The Complete Mythos Fiction of Lin Carter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Harper=Dragon Harper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Messiah_(novel)=Savage Messiah (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DSM-5=DSM-5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Endless_Steppe=The Endless Steppe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Days_of_War=Six Days of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Road_Ends=When the Road Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iisalmen_serkku_ja_muita_kertomuksia=Iisalmen serkku ja muita kertomuksia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolves_of_Willoughby_Chase=The Wolves of Willoughby Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saippuaprinsessa=Saippuaprinsessa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Chance:_Three_Presidents_and_the_Crisis_of_American_Superpower=Second Chance: Three Presidents and the Crisis of American Superpower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Ate_the_Phoenix=The Man Who Ate the Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Atlantis=The Magic of Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnaround:_Crisis,_Leadership,_and_the_Olympic_Games=Turnaround: Crisis, Leadership, and the Olympic Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Catalogue_of_Crime=A Catalogue of Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Dissident=Death of a Dissident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Kali=The Age of Kali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begums_Thugs_and_White_Mughals=Begums Thugs and White Mughals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Mughal=The Last Mughal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Banks_of_Plum_Creek=On the Banks of Plum Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainforest_(novel)=Rainforest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_Felix_Krull=Confessions of Felix Krull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_Without_a_Net=Swimming Without a Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plague_Court_Murders=The Plague Court Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bridge_to_Wiseman's_Cove=A Bridge to Wiseman's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Almanac=Texas Almanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dare_Game=The Dare Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Owl=The Day of the Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Life_of_Grange_Copeland=The Third Life of Grange Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_Adventures:_Survivor=Jurassic Park Adventures: Survivor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_Adventures:_Prey=Jurassic Park Adventures: Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Park_Adventures:_Flyers=Jurassic Park Adventures: Flyers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critique_of_Criminal_Reason=Critique of Criminal Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Star_(novel)=Fire Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Side_Gallery=The Far Side Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Side_Gallery_3=The Far Side Gallery 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Side_Gallery_5=The Far Side Gallery 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pig_Scrolls=The Pig Scrolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swords_of_Zinjaban=The Swords of Zinjaban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shattered_Sphere=The Shattered Sphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Path_(book)=Critical Path (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Cross_(novel)=Double Cross (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cultural_Amnesia_(book)=Cultural Amnesia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bones_of_Zora=The Bones of Zora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politics_of_Bones=The Politics of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Evolution=The Edge of Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Books_of_the_Dream_Eaters=The Glass Books of the Dream Eaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer,_Go_Home!=Pioneer, Go Home!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_March_into_Darkness=A March into Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates!_in_an_Adventure_with_Napoleon=The Pirates! in an Adventure with Napoleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_Me_(novel)=Promise Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Igraine_the_Brave=Igraine the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_Desire_(novel)=Palace of Desire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Semantic_Turn=The Semantic Turn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginning_with_a_Bash=Beginning with a Bash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cut_Direct=The Cut Direct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Steal=Cold Steal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Leg=The Left Leg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Chest=The Hollow Chest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/File_for_Record=File for Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Ernest_(novel)=Dead Ernest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Clew=The Iron Clew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_the_New_York_World's_Fair=Murder at the New York World's Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Favor=Small Favor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_in_the_Glove=The Hand in the Glove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_the_Silver_Apples=The Land of the Silver Apples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchemyst:_The_Secrets_of_the_Immortal_Nicholas_Flamel=The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Chronicles,_2=The Conan Chronicles, 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggs_(novel)=Eggs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorkens_Borrows_Another_Whiskey=Jorkens Borrows Another Whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Waiting=The Dragon Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountain_Cat=Mountain Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner's_Ordeal=Skinner's Ordeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Shore_of_Time=The Far Shore of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraband_of_Lost_Time=Saraband of Lost Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Oyster:_History_on_the_Half_Shell=The Big Oyster: History on the Half Shell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Run_(novel)=On the Run (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lincoln_Lawyer=The Lincoln Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maybe_the_Moon=Maybe the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner's_Mission=Skinner's Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.R.R._Tolkien_Encyclopedia=J.R.R. Tolkien Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner's_Ghosts=Skinner's Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murmuring_the_Judges=Murmuring the Judges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallery_Whispers=Gallery Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Freedom=Escape from Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_the_Magician=Jesus the Magician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Darth_Bane:_Rule_of_Two=Star Wars: Darth Bane: Rule of Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur's_Teacher_Trouble=Arthur's Teacher Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Girl_Out_(novel)=Odd Girl Out (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Woman=I Am a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_the_Shadows=Women in the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_of_Riyadh=Girls of Riyadh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Wood_(novel)=Holy Wood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Whiskey_(novel)=Irish Whiskey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Stew!=Irish Stew!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggars_and_Choosers_(novel)=Beggars and Choosers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtons_Sleep=Newtons Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Good_Knight=One Good Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Grammatology=Of Grammatology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbook=Starbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenderness_of_Wolves_(novel)=The Tenderness of Wolves (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Storyteller_in_Zion=A Storyteller in Zion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Lung's_Golden_Hours=Kai Lung's Golden Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Our_Thursdays_Is_Missing=One of Our Thursdays Is Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descent_into_Hell_(novel)=Descent into Hell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Empress_(novel)=The Last Empress (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacation_(novel)=Vacation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dir_En_Grey_Yarouze=Dir En Grey Yarouze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Blows_Out_the_Light=Ghost Blows Out the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_a_Woman=Journey to a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Doxy=Death of a Doxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_of_Laughter=The Stone of Laughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abstinence_Teacher=The Abstinence Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shield_of_Achilles:_War,_Peace,_and_the_Course_of_History=The Shield of Achilles: War, Peace, and the Course of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reap_the_Whirlwind_(Star_Trek_novel)=Reap the Whirlwind (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bi_Any_Other_Name=Bi Any Other Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Girl=Monkey Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beebo_Brinker=Beebo Brinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pacific_Between=The Pacific Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_World_of_Terijian=The Secret World of Terijian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrod=Penrod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Day_Out_(musical)=Our Day Out (musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_on_the_Rhine=Fox on the Rhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Splash_(book)=The Big Splash (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wounded_Sky=The Wounded Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sexual_Politics:_African_Americans,_Gender,_and_the_New_Racism=Black Sexual Politics: African Americans, Gender, and the New Racism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Match_(novel)=Perfect Match (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contortionist's_Handbook=The Contortionist's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dermaphoria=Dermaphoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Theory=Demon Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Beautiful_Sinners=All the Beautiful Sinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fast_Red_Road:_A_Plainsong=The Fast Red Road: A Plainsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_Me,_Judas=Kiss Me, Judas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_Apart_(book)=A World Apart (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Column_and_Four_Stories_of_the_Spanish_Civil_War=The Fifth Column and Four Stories of the Spanish Civil War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Knight=Summer Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_Hunt=The Mother Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sea_So_Far=A Sea So Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scourge_of_Screamers=A Scourge of Screamers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travel_Tales_of_Mr._Joseph_Jorkens=The Travel Tales of Mr. Joseph Jorkens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorkens_Remembers_Africa=Jorkens Remembers Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jorkens_Has_a_Large_Whiskey=Jorkens Has a Large Whiskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Book_of_Jorkens=The Last Book of Jorkens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_(novel)=Laura (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burndive=Burndive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagebird_(novel)=Cagebird (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pranava-Vada_of_Gargyayana=Pranava-Vada of Gargyayana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goose_Girl_(novel)=The Goose Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enna_Burning=Enna Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austenland=Austenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Molly_of_Scotland_Yard=Lady Molly of Scotland Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Academy=Princess Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Secrets=River Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog_(novel)=The Fog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tangled_Skein=The Tangled Skein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_a_Thousand_Days=Book of a Thousand Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bride_of_the_Plains=A Bride of the Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tranquil_Star=A Tranquil Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Up_(novel)=Trading Up (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Monkey=The Stone Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Jolly_Roger=Under the Jolly Roger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Has_Government_Done_to_Our_Money%3F=What Has Government Done to Our Money?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greyhawk:_The_Adventure_Begins=Greyhawk: The Adventure Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Hand_of_God_(book)=The Left Hand of God (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concise_Guide_To_Sounding_Smart_At_Parties=The Concise Guide To Sounding Smart At Parties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_May_Care_(Faulks_novel)=Devil May Care (Faulks novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blade_of_Fire=Blade of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_of_a_Kingdom=Fall of a Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Children_of_Schewenborn=The Last Children of Schewenborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Lemons=Bitter Lemons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sheaf_of_Bluebells=A Sheaf of Bluebells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Swordhand_Is_Singing=My Swordhand Is Singing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_Stubble=Fire in Stubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Bar_Blues_(novel)=Twelve Bar Blues (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_(novel)=Seeing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_I_Can_Die_in_Peace=Now I Can Die in Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homicide_Trinity=Homicide Trinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changeling:_The_Autobiography_of_Mike_Oldfield=Changeling: The Autobiography of Mike Oldfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Ship=Rogue Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Gods_Beloved=By the Gods Beloved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omnipotent_Government=Omnipotent Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn's_Children_(political_science_book)=Saturn's Children (political science book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_True_Woman=A True Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_J._R._R._Tolkien_Companion_and_Guide=The J. R. R. Tolkien Companion and Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Tide_(Thesman_novel)=Rising Tide (Thesman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honourable_Jim=The Honourable Jim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Tales_of_Smethers_and_Other_Stories=The Little Tales of Smethers and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_River_(novel)=The Dark River (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(Not_That_You_Asked)_Rants,_Exploits_and_Obsessions=(Not That You Asked) Rants, Exploits and Obsessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sons_of_Heaven=The Sons of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spiraling_Worm=The Spiraling Worm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assemblers_of_Infinity=Assemblers of Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Pony=Fire Pony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Swift_Pure_Cry=A Swift Pure Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Wolf's_Eyes=Through Wolf's Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Royalty=On Royalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Day_and_Other_Tales=The Sixth Day and Other Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_Moon=Probability Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clements_Checklist_of_Birds_of_the_World=The Clements Checklist of Birds of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Culture_(novel)=Boy Culture (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Gender=Brain Gender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'48_(novel)='48 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecotopia_Emerging=Ecotopia Emerging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_(Morris_Gleitzman_novel)=Once (Morris Gleitzman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_to_Expect_When_You're_Expecting=What to Expect When You're Expecting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider's_Guide_to_the_Colleges=The Insider's Guide to the Colleges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probability_Sun=Probability Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox's_Feud=Fox's Feud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Fegg's_Nasty_Book_for_Boys_and_Girls=Bert Fegg's Nasty Book for Boys and Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauldron_(Larry_Bond_novel)=Cauldron (Larry Bond novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Shadows=Kingdom of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thy_Neighbor's_Wife=Thy Neighbor's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberalism_(book)=Liberalism (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Jackpot=Cosmic Jackpot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indestructible_Man_(novel)=The Indestructible Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowsweet_(novel)=Meadowsweet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_(Banville_novel)=Ghosts (Banville novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truce=The Truce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petticoat_Government=Petticoat Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tent_(Paulsen_novel)=The Tent (Paulsen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Poems=Fifty Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnels_(novel)=Tunnels (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Ixtlan=Journey to Ixtlan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Memory=The Voice of Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Universal_History_of_Infamy=A Universal History of Infamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialism_(book)=Socialism (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Acts_of_Senseless_Violence=Random Acts of Senseless Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeen_(Tarkington_novel)=Seventeen (Tarkington novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inconceivable_(novel)=Inconceivable (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_the_Highlord_Skies=Dragons of the Highlord Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosmic_Serpent=The Cosmic Serpent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_and_the_Two_Assistants=Mr. Monk and the Two Assistants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_your_Car!=Divorce your Car!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Dog_(novel)=Yellow Dog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wide_Is_the_Gate=Wide Is the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Agent=Presidential Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Harvest=Dragon Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Mission=Presidential Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Clear_Call=One Clear Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Lanny_Budd=The Return of Lanny Budd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Shepherd,_Speak!=O Shepherd, Speak!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_to_Meet_the_Man=Going to Meet the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suicide_Club_(Stevenson)=The Suicide Club (Stevenson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rajah's_Diamond=The Rajah's Diamond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_Physics=The Evolution of Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compulsion_(Hutson_novel)=Compulsion (Hutson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragrances_of_the_World=Fragrances of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Dead_Days=The Book of Dead Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insatiable_(novel)=Insatiable (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terraplane_(novel)=Terraplane (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvissey=Elvissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Absolute_(Animorphs)=The Absolute (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_for_Me_and_My_House=As for Me and My House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacrifice_(Animorphs)=The Sacrifice (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ellimist_Chronicles=The Ellimist Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hork-Bajir_Chronicles=The Hork-Bajir Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Smith_(book)=Elliott Smith (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Line_Fever_(book)=White Line Fever (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circuit:_Stories_from_the_Life_of_a_Migrant_Child=The Circuit: Stories from the Life of a Migrant Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfsorrow=Elfsorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Heaven_and_Earth_Changed_Places=When Heaven and Earth Changed Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_Pat=Mistress Pat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smelly_Old_History=Smelly Old History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Instead_of_Three_Wishes:_Magical_Short_Stories=Instead of Three Wishes: Magical Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_of_the_Judoon=Revenge of the Judoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_of_Political_Economy=Principles of Political Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children's_Past_Lives=Children's Past Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Headless=Land of the Headless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_(Book_1)=Year's Best SF (Book 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_2=Year's Best SF 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_3=Year's Best SF 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainspring_(novel)=Mainspring (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_the_Rabbit_Hole_(novel)=Down the Rabbit Hole (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Bums_from_Uranus=Zombie Bums from Uranus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_4=Year's Best SF 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_5=Year's Best SF 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_Rifka=Letters from Rifka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_12=Year's Best SF 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Curtain=Behind the Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Garden_of_Pomegranates=A Garden of Pomegranates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_6=Year's Best SF 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_7=Year's Best SF 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_8=Year's Best SF 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_9=Year's Best SF 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_10=Year's Best SF 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_11=Year's Best SF 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_Chic_&_Mau-Mauing_the_Flak_Catchers=Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aye,_and_Gomorrah,_and_other_stories=Aye, and Gomorrah, and other stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock_Jockeys=The Rock Jockeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_on_Midnight_River=Danger on Midnight River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forger_(Watkins_novel)=The Forger (Watkins novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hook_'Em_Snotty!=Hook 'Em Snotty!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorgon_Slayer=The Gorgon Slayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive!=Captive!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Without_Us=The World Without Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleed_Into_Me=Bleed Into Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird_is_Gone:_A_Manifesto=The Bird is Gone: A Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soon_I_Will_Be_Invincible=Soon I Will Be Invincible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_Me_(novel)=Touch Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disturbing_the_Peace_(novel)=Disturbing the Peace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Right_to_Die=A Right to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defiant=The Defiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astounding:_John_W._Campbell_Memorial_Anthology=Astounding: John W. Campbell Memorial Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakheart_Pass_(novel)=Breakheart Pass (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppet_on_a_Chain=Puppet on a Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_of_the_Plains=Wolf of the Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifts_of_Unknown_Things=Gifts of Unknown Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Void_Moon=Void Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_America:_Letter_of_Warning_to_a_Young_Patriot=The End of America: Letter of Warning to a Young Patriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain's_Everyday_Heroes=Britain's Everyday Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unravelled_Knots=Unravelled Knots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venom_Trees_of_Sunga=The Venom Trees of Sunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Botany=English Botany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sold_(McCormick_novel)=Sold (McCormick novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Abominable_Snowmen=Strange Abominable Snowmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cham_(novel)=Cham (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watertower=The Watertower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Fire=Prince of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Run=Dead Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babyhood=Babyhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auschwitz_Report_(book)=Auschwitz Report (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrift_on_the_Nile=Adrift on the Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farewell_Waltz=The Farewell Waltz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_2=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_3=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_4=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrod_Jashber=Penrod Jashber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_6=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_5=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_to_Ground=Going to Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_and_the_Air-Pump=Leviathan and the Air-Pump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Space_Opera=The New Space Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyster_(novel)=Oyster (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(David_McMillan_book)=Escape (David McMillan book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Magic_Moon=Children of Magic Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_7=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_8=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eifelheim=Eifelheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_for_Beginners_(anthology)=Magic for Beginners (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Frank_Zappa_Book=The Real Frank Zappa Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gentle_Falcon=The Gentle Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_World_War_(book_series)=The Second World War (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_the_World_(Geoffrey_Blainey)=A Short History of the World (Geoffrey Blainey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Sea=People of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Man_(Simmons_novel)=The Hollow Man (Simmons novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_9=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_11=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_10=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_12=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_13=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Fantasy_Stories:_14=The Year's Best Fantasy Stories: 14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Redd=Seeing Redd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranald_Bannerman's_Boyhood=Ranald Bannerman's Boyhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusion_(Animorphs)=The Illusion (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Huggins_(novel)=Henry Huggins (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tersias=Tersias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadowmancer_Returns:_The_Curse_of_Salamander_Street=The Shadowmancer Returns: The Curse of Salamander Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon:_The_Last_Years_of_the_Roman_Republic=Rubicon: The Last Years of the Roman Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Abbey_of_Saint-Denis=The Royal Abbey of Saint-Denis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_Roots=The Search for Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_X_(novel)=Camp X (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedelia_(novel)=Bedelia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods,_Demi-Gods_&_Heroes=Gods, Demi-Gods & Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anybodies=The Anybodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sirens_of_Surrentum=The Sirens of Surrentum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_to_Know_You_(short_story_collection)=Getting to Know You (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fates_of_Nations=Fates of Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emus_Can't_Walk_Backwards=Emus Can't Walk Backwards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_(Laymon_novel)=Island (Laymon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Games=Blood Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Londinensis=Flora Londinensis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Kingdoms:_Sea_of_Shadow=The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Armageddon_Reef=Off Armageddon Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Schism_Rent_Asunder=By Schism Rent Asunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Eagle,_Red_Star=White Eagle, Red Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Passage=The Final Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingo_(novel)=Ingo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_(Kernick_novel)=Relentless (Kernick novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Court=The Burning Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Snake_and_the_Beautiful_Lily=The Green Snake and the Beautiful Lily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sten_Adventures_Book_5:_Revenge_of_the_Damned=Sten Adventures Book 5: Revenge of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sten_Adventures_Book_6:_The_Return_of_the_Emperor=Sten Adventures Book 6: The Return of the Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomed_Queen_Anne=Doomed Queen Anne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Royals=Young Royals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Loves_a_Good_Drought=Everybody Loves a Good Drought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finder_(novel)=Finder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runcible_Jones:_The_Gate_to_Nowhere=Runcible Jones: The Gate to Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runcible_Jones:_The_Buried_City=Runcible Jones: The Buried City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_of_Manhattan=The Pirates of Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moral_Minds=Moral Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutants_in_Orbit=Mutants in Orbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_(LDS_Church)=Handbook (LDS Church)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Lies_(Moloney_novel)=The Book of Lies (Moloney novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_the_Books=Master of the Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_of_the_City=Web of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreaming_Void=The Dreaming Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_on_the_Island=The Light on the Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Life_(novel)=Half Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinneret_(Timothy_Zahn)=Spinneret (Timothy Zahn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Prince=The Winter Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temporal_Void=The Temporal Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alms_for_Jihad=Alms for Jihad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Kings'_War=Great Kings' War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Bitch=Skinny Bitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_No_Evil_(book)=Fear No Evil (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tessa_(novel)=Tessa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ten_Teacups=The Ten Teacups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renovation_of_the_Heart=Renovation of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brain_That_Changes_Itself=The Brain That Changes Itself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_This!=Cop This!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ogre_Downstairs=The Ogre Downstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Four=Ball Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrod_and_Sam=Penrod and Sam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clean_Tech_Revolution=The Clean Tech Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Mr._Men=List of Mr. Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Gandhi=The Essential Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Genius=Simple Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discarded_Image=The Discarded Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballet_Shoes_(novel)=Ballet Shoes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Pacific_Tides=Between Pacific Tides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground_(Dreyfus_book)=Underground (Dreyfus book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dissolution_(Sansom_novel)=Dissolution (Sansom novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vargens_lilla_lamm=Vargens lilla lamm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Renfield=The Book of Renfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protostars=Protostars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Fire_(Sansom_novel)=Dark Fire (Sansom novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeah,_I_Said_It=Yeah, I Said It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Axis_(novel)=Axis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Hole_of_Auschwitz=The Black Hole of Auschwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_Poems_(Primo_Levi)=Collected Poems (Primo Levi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Boring_Ass_Life=My Boring Ass Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_for_Bond=The Battle for Bond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_More_Perfect_Constitution=A More Perfect Constitution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Line:_How_Overfishing_Is_Changing_the_World_and_What_We_Eat=The End of the Line: How Overfishing Is Changing the World and What We Eat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Everywhere=Out of the Everywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autism:_Explaining_the_Enigma=Autism: Explaining the Enigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bows_against_the_Barons=Bows against the Barons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_nattens_tystnad=I nattens tystnad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journeyer=The Journeyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beekeeper's_Apprentice=The Beekeeper's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fascinating_Womanhood=Fascinating Womanhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_China_Wars=The Coming China Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauve_Gloves_&_Madmen,_Clutter_&_Vine=Mauve Gloves & Madmen, Clutter & Vine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sickened=Sickened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blindsight_(Watts_novel)=Blindsight (Watts novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proposal_(Animorphs)=The Proposal (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Antarctic_Mystery=An Antarctic Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellison_Wonderland=Ellison Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Fields=Mind Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatterday_(book)=Shatterday (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_the_Whirlwind=Voice of the Whirlwind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardwired_(novel)=Hardwired (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Sebastian_and_the_Negro_Magician=Mr. Sebastian and the Negro Magician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_After_Judgment=The Day After Judgment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittle_Power=Brittle Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophecy_(Animorphs)=The Prophecy (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mutation_(Animorphs)=The Mutation (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator-At-Law=Gladiator-At-Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Stargirl=Love, Stargirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_and_the_Law=Freedom and the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Belief:_Islamic_Excursions_among_the_Converted_Peoples=Beyond Belief: Islamic Excursions among the Converted Peoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Wizard=Dog Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Everything=The Book of Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_Community=The Slave Community
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incomparable_Atuk=The Incomparable Atuk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arrival_(Animorphs)=The Arrival (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_(Animorphs)=The Hidden (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_with_a_Pearl_Earring_(novel)=Girl with a Pearl Earring (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_More_for_the_Road=One More for the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Game:_My_Life_as_a_Spy,_My_Betrayal_by_the_White_House=Fair Game: My Life as a Spy, My Betrayal by the White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Star_Dinosaurs=Lone Star Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Mecca=The Siege of Mecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss_(Marguerite_Yourcenar_novel)=The Abyss (Marguerite Yourcenar novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_El_Patron=The Treasure of El Patron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skydive!=Skydive!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Crystal=The Seventh Crystal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creature_of_Black_Water_Lake=The Creature of Black Water Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Benders=Time Benders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Bringer=Fire Bringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_Maker=The Mirror Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Writer_and_the_World:_Essays=The Writer and the World: Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Holocaust=My Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brass_Check=The Brass Check
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Children=The Emperor's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unquiet_Earth=The Unquiet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessing_the_Secret_of_Joy=Possessing the Secret of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/File_Under_Popular=File Under Popular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grizzly_(novel)=Grizzly (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Valley=Thunder Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curse_of_the_Ruins=Curse of the Ruins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Hawk=Flight of the Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Testament_of_Oscar_Wilde=The Last Testament of Oscar Wilde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Fig=The Scarlet Fig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bastard_(novel)=The Bastard (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drow_of_the_Underdark=Drow of the Underdark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Tigris=The Burning Tigris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teahouse_Fire=The Teahouse Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Turbulence=The Age of Turbulence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Approaching_Oblivion=Approaching Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Democrats_Had_Any_Brains,_They'd_Be_Republicans=If Democrats Had Any Brains, They'd Be Republicans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_Duel=Crown Duel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_Rebellion=Deathstalker Rebellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_War=Deathstalker War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligence_in_Nature=Intelligence in Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_Honour=Deathstalker Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathstalker_Destiny=Deathstalker Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Not_Enough_(novel)=The World Is Not Enough (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Burning=Rome Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Septembers_of_Shiraz=The Septembers of Shiraz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banquets_of_the_Black_Widowers=Banquets of the Black Widowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Folded_Hands=With Folded Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Memory=The Art of Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_Asolani=Gli Asolani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casebook_of_the_Black_Widowers=Casebook of the Black Widowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Tales_of_the_Black_Widowers=More Tales of the Black Widowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puzzles_of_the_Black_Widowers=Puzzles of the Black Widowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Black_Widowers=The Return of the Black Widowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lettin'_It_All_Hang_Out=Lettin' It All Hang Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Familiar_(Animorphs)=The Familiar (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_(Animorphs)=The Journey (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Music=Exit Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dogs_of_Babel=The Dogs of Babel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopgirl_(novella)=Shopgirl (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Civilization_of_the_Renaissance_in_Italy=The Civilization of the Renaissance in Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life:_A_Natural_History_of_the_First_Four_Billion_Years_of_Life_on_Earth=Life: A Natural History of the First Four Billion Years of Life on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_Graeca=Flora Graeca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_the_Wind=The Name of the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Lose_(novel)=Nothing to Lose (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Palace_of_Laughter=The Palace of Laughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Test_(Animorphs)=The Test (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unexpected_(Animorphs)=The Unexpected (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regarding_the_Pain_of_Others=Regarding the Pain of Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AIDS_and_Its_Metaphors=AIDS and Its Metaphors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Stress_Falls=Where the Stress Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funding_Evil=Funding Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Harold_and_the_Gnome_King=Sir Harold and the Gnome King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Cricket=The Art of Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevayne=Trevayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Class_Millionaire=Middle Class Millionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memoirs_of_Naim_Bey=The Memoirs of Naim Bey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revelation_(Animorphs)=The Revelation (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan's_Glory=Vulcan's Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Union_Club_Mysteries=The Union Club Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giordano_Bruno_and_the_Hermetic_Tradition=Giordano Bruno and the Hermetic Tradition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistborn:_The_Well_of_Ascension=Mistborn: The Well of Ascension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarny_(novel)=Sarny (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Wimbledon_to_Waco=From Wimbledon to Waco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explore_Evolution=Explore Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wages_of_Destruction=The Wages of Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feather_and_Bone:_The_Crow_Chronicles=Feather and Bone: The Crow Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ungodly_Farce=The Ungodly Farce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flames:_A_Fantasy=The Flames: A Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Shores_of_Silver_Lake=By the Shores of Silver Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Town_on_the_Prairie=Little Town on the Prairie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Happy_Golden_Years=These Happy Golden Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Boy=Farmer Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_the_Lord:_The_Road_to_Cana=Christ the Lord: The Road to Cana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonhaven=Dragonhaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Home_(novel)=Back Home (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juedai_Shuangjiao=Juedai Shuangjiao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_of_Dreams=The Road of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_Between=The Door Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Work=The End of Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Men_(book)=The Hollow Men (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Canadian=The Last Canadian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jango_(Noble_Warriors_Trilogy)=Jango (Noble Warriors Trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahore:_A_Sentimental_Journey=Lahore: A Sentimental Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautch_Girls_of_India:_Dancers,_Singers,_Playmates=Nautch Girls of India: Dancers, Singers, Playmates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Time_(Cooney_novel)=Out of Time (Cooney novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_the_House:_A_Memoir=Half the House: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcards_from_No_Man's_Land=Postcards from No Man's Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrows_(Connelly_novel)=The Narrows (Connelly novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picture_Perfect_(novel)=Picture Perfect (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Martens'_Departure=Professor Martens' Departure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seekers_(novel)=The Seekers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Midsummer's_Nightmare_(novel)=A Midsummer's Nightmare (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderlust_(Dragonlance_novel)=Wanderlust (Dragonlance novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterWorld=InterWorld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Accordion_Crimes=Accordion Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Gold=Murphy's Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_War_(novel)=Murphy's War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Josh_(novel)=Josh (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalyst_Code=Catalyst Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolves_(book)=Wolves (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spaceship_Graveyard=The Spaceship Graveyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Ambush=Murphy's Ambush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Trail=Murphy's Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemies_of_Jupiter=The Enemies of Jupiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornified=Pornified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquerors'=Conquerors'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ug_(book)=Ug (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile!_(novel)=Smile! (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_(novella)=Storm (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger_(book)=Ginger (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spangle_(novel)=Spangle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miranda_(novel)=Miranda (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latawnya,_the_Naughty_Horse,_Learns_to_Say_%22No%22_to_Drugs=Latawnya, the Naughty Horse, Learns to Say "No" to Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_Limits_(novel)=Term Limits (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gesture_Life=A Gesture Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._R._R._Tolkien:_Author_of_the_Century=J. R. R. Tolkien: Author of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassin's_Song=The Assassin's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closers=The Closers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Son_of_the_Circus=A Son of the Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Darkness_More_Than_Night=A Darkness More Than Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_Flight_(novel)=Angels Flight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Coyote=The Last Coyote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concrete_Blonde=The Concrete Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Ice=The Black Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Echo=The Black Echo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier's_Heart_(Gary_Paulsen_novel)=Soldier's Heart (Gary Paulsen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_Wind=Dawn Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispering_to_Witches=Whispering to Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Heiress_Diary=Your Heiress Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alida's_Song=Alida's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Sun_(novel)=Midnight Sun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Mist=The Prince of Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cookcamp=The Cookcamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodinsky's_Room=Rodinsky's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Dirty_Bird=The Case of the Dirty Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunc's_Doll=Dunc's Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culpepper's_Cannon=Culpepper's Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunc_Gets_Tweaked=Dunc Gets Tweaked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunc's_Halloween=Dunc's Halloween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunc_Breaks_the_Record=Dunc Breaks the Record
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomcat_in_Love=Tomcat in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chat_Room_(novel)=Chat Room (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Arena=Alien Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Crocodile=The Time Crocodile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corinthian_Project=The Corinthian Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Snare=The Crystal Snare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Robots_(adventure_book)=War of the Robots (adventure book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Planet=Dark Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Wagon_Train=The Haunted Wagon Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambidextrous_Universe=The Ambidextrous Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Mr._Y=The End of Mr. Y
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_on_the_Great_Titanic=Voyage on the Great Titanic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramtanu_Lahiri_O_Tatkalin_Bangasamaj=Ramtanu Lahiri O Tatkalin Bangasamaj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Man_of_Nanking=The Good Man of Nanking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollen_(novel)=Pollen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Goddess_at_the_Rape_of_Nanking=American Goddess at the Rape of Nanking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Truth_Matters=Why Truth Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dictionary_of_Fashionable_Nonsense=The Dictionary of Fashionable Nonsense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warhammer_40,000_Apocalypse=Warhammer 40,000 Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_to_Pay_(Ellery_Queen_novel)=The Devil to Pay (Ellery Queen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_of_Hearts=The Four of Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychedelic_Experience=The Psychedelic Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blues_for_Shindig=A Blues for Shindig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_Makers=The Angel Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_Justice_Bird=Cry of the Justice Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rasp=The Rasp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_World_(novel)=Witch World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Design:_Theory_and_Practice=Game Design: Theory and Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institutes_of_Natural_and_Revealed_Religion=Institutes of Natural and Revealed Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Mona_Lisa=I, Mona Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_of_the_Spear_(book)=End of the Spear (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Gates_of_Splendor=Through Gates of Splendor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Encyclopedia_of_the_Social_&_Behavioral_Sciences=International Encyclopedia of the Social & Behavioral Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Enemy_(novel)=Dear Enemy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Earp:_Frontier_Marshal=Wyatt Earp: Frontier Marshal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Children_Learn=How Children Learn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Passion_Spent=All Passion Spent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Father_Hunt=The Father Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_at_Risk=Lives at Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Memories=Star Trek Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Boots=White Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sexual_Life_of_Savages_in_North-Western_Melanesia=The Sexual Life of Savages in North-Western Melanesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Nobody_Wanted=The Family Nobody Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Third_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Third Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Best:_20_Years_of_the_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction=Best of the Best: 20 Years of the Year's Best Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Einstein_(book)=Beyond Einstein (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Furies_(novel)=The Furies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flinx_Transcendent=Flinx Transcendent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_of_Smoke=Tree of Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_War_for_Civilisation=The Great War for Civilisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Barry_in_Cyberspace=Dave Barry in Cyberspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Resistance_(book)=Total Resistance (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictionary_of_New_Zealand_Biography=Dictionary of New Zealand Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lion_Among_Men=A Lion Among Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Adams's_Guide_to_The_Hitchhiker's_Guide_to_the_Galaxy=Douglas Adams's Guide to The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_castello_di_Eymerich=Il castello di Eymerich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twenty-Second_Day=The Twenty-Second Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Was=What I Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affluenza:_The_All-Consuming_Epidemic=Affluenza: The All-Consuming Epidemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Dude=Death of a Dude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Family_Affair_(novel)=A Family Affair (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Pass_the_Guilt=Please Pass the Guilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woofits=The Woofits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Marble_Cliffs=On the Marble Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morality_Play_(novel)=Morality Play (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blart:_The_Boy_Who_Didn't_Want_to_Save_the_World=Blart: The Boy Who Didn't Want to Save the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tearoom_Trade=Tearoom Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athabasca_(novel)=Athabasca (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wreck_of_the_Zanzibar=The Wreck of the Zanzibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_Horse_(novel)=War Horse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Anya=Waiting for Anya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malcolm_X:_A_Life_of_Reinvention=Malcolm X: A Life of Reinvention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misquoting_Jesus=Misquoting Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Unicorn:_The_Lost_Version=The Last Unicorn: The Lost Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Games_Volume_1=The Book of Games Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Games_Volume_2=The Book of Games Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_the_Rational_Voter=The Myth of the Rational Voter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-First_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-First Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pool_of_Twilight=Pool of Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Nineteenth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Nineteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Eighteenth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Timers=The Old Timers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Sixteenth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Android's_Dream=The Android's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural_History_of_Alcoholism_Revisited=The Natural History of Alcoholism Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Came_the_Manatee=Naked Came the Manatee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asia_Overland=Asia Overland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Jedi:_Against_the_Empire=The Last of the Jedi: Against the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodstained_Oz=Bloodstained Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surgeon_(novel)=The Surgeon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quite_Ugly_One_Morning=Quite Ugly One Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catholics_(novel)=Catholics (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiki_Strike=Kiki Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Worlds_(book)=Parallel Worlds (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Historicity_of_the_Patriarchal_Narratives=The Historicity of the Patriarchal Narratives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_Grey_(story_collection)=The Man in Grey (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigham_Young:_American_Moses=Brigham Young: American Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Man_Falling=White Man Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Certain=Dead Certain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genius_of_America=The Genius of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual_V=Monster Manual V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakfield;_or,_Fellowship_in_the_East=Oakfield; or, Fellowship in the East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Host_(novel)=The Host (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Wish_(book)=The Last Wish (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aesthetics_of_Resistance=The Aesthetics of Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_of_the_Most_Excellent_Painters,_Sculptors,_and_Architects=Lives of the Most Excellent Painters, Sculptors, and Architects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Use_of_Force=The Use of Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shock_Doctrine=The Shock Doctrine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Queen=The Reluctant Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Dysfunctions_of_a_Team=The Five Dysfunctions of a Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candy_Shop_War=The Candy Shop War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Visions_Trilogy=Dark Visions Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shroud_for_a_Nightingale=Shroud for a Nightingale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Time_Pass=Let Time Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Animal_Ignorance=The Book of Animal Ignorance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin's_Angel=Darwin's Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamer_(novel)=Dreamer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Devil_Will_Drag_You_Under=And the Devil Will Drag You Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpe's_Skirmish=Sharpe's Skirmish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politically_Incorrect_Guide_to_Capitalism=The Politically Incorrect Guide to Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wool-Pack=The Wool-Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Load_of_Unicorn=The Load of Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooh_and_the_Philosophers=Pooh and the Philosophers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maximum_Ride:_The_Final_Warning=Maximum Ride: The Final Warning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krondor:_Tear_of_the_Gods=Krondor: Tear of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_(Ehrlichman_novel)=The Company (Ehrlichman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japan's_Imperial_Conspiracy=Japan's Imperial Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_in_Outer_Space=Mr. Monk in Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammonart=Mammonart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandering_Stars=Wandering Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Tongue_(Carl_Hiaasen_novel)=Native Tongue (Carl Hiaasen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_&_Silk=Iron & Silk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vietnam_Inc.=Vietnam Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_in_Oz=Yankee in Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_T_Learns_to_Share=Little T Learns to Share
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sterkarm_Handshake=The Sterkarm Handshake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidents_and_Prophets=Presidents and Prophets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nobodies_(novel)=The Nobodies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_After_(book)=The Morning After (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mango-Shaped_Space=A Mango-Shaped Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_the_Best_Volume_2:_20_Years_of_the_Year's_Best_Short_Science_Fiction_Novels=Best of the Best Volume 2: 20 Years of the Year's Best Short Science Fiction Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Million_A.D.=One Million A.D.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_and_Tomorrow_(novel)=Tomorrow and Tomorrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vida_(novel)=Vida (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elysium_Commission=The Elysium Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SoMa_(novel)=SoMa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitman:_Enemy_Within=Hitman: Enemy Within
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scuppers_The_Sailor_Dog=Scuppers The Sailor Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wealth_of_Networks=The Wealth of Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Work_(novel)=Blood Work (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Splinter_Cell:_Fallout=Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Fallout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7th_Heaven_(novel)=7th Heaven (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gollywhopper_Games=The Gollywhopper Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Summer:_The_Secret_History_of_the_End_of_an_Empire=Indian Summer: The Secret History of the End of an Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Around_Us=The Sea Around Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontoon:_A_Novel_of_Lake_Wobegon=Pontoon: A Novel of Lake Wobegon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Girl_in_Changi=Diary of a Girl in Changi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Called_Me_the_Catch_Me_Killer=They Called Me the Catch Me Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem_Falls=Salem Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flame_and_the_Flower=The Flame and the Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegal_Alien_(Sawyer_novel)=Illegal Alien (Sawyer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_Home:_A_Collection_of_Lake_Wobegon_Stories=Leaving Home: A Collection of Lake Wobegon Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilderness_Survival_Guide=Wilderness Survival Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeoneer's_Survival_Guide=Dungeoneer's Survival Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dog_on_Earth=The Last Dog on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Sea_Wind=Under the Sea Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Jake=Flying Jake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mammoth_Book_of_Extreme_Science_Fiction=The Mammoth Book of Extreme Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Corporation_and_Private_Property=The Modern Corporation and Private Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_of_the_Mists=Vampire of the Mists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonnondio:_From_the_Thirties=Yonnondio: From the Thirties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bowstring_Murders=The Bowstring Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Priory_Murders=The White Priory Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Widow_Murders=The Red Widow Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unicorn_Murders=The Unicorn Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Times_Three=Death Times Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ant_Men_of_Tibet_and_Other_Stories=The Ant Men of Tibet and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pack_of_Liars=A Pack of Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_Elizabeth_Story=The Queen Elizabeth Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Lilacs=Under the Lilacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Armourer's_House=The Armourer's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_of_Sixpence=A Song of Sixpence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reaction_Time=Reaction Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Punch_and_Judy_Murders=The Punch and Judy Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Five_Boxes=Death in Five Boxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Orson_Welles=This is Orson Welles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life's_Lottery=Life's Lottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mississippi_Jack=Mississippi Jack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_to_His_Death=Drop to His Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reader_is_Warned=The Reader is Warned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_So_to_Murder=And So to Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_the_Submarine_Zone=Murder in the Submarine Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Video_Vixen=Confessions of a Video Vixen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maithili_Karna_Kayasthak_Panjik_Sarvekshan=Maithili Karna Kayasthak Panjik Sarvekshan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_of_the_Heart=Desert of the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_and_the_King=The Cat and the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Princess=The Lost Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_Dreams=October Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_Eve=The Future Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fundamentals_of_Physics=Fundamentals of Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_is_Believing_(novel)=Seeing is Believing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gilded_Man=The Gilded Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Died_a_Lady=She Died a Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thing_of_Beauty=A Thing of Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Luggage_(adventure_book)=Lost Luggage (adventure book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judas_Tree=The Judas Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Circus_(novel)=Soul Circus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayanmani=Nayanmani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reversing:_Secrets_of_Reverse_Engineering=Reversing: Secrets of Reverse Engineering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imperial_Presidency=The Imperial Presidency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balanak_Bonihar_O_Pallavi=Balanak Bonihar O Pallavi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_I_Lead_(novel)=The Life I Lead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesus_Scroll=The Jesus Scroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/He_Wouldn't_Kill_Patience=He Wouldn't Kill Patience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Bronze_Lamp=The Curse of the Bronze Lamp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Late_Wives=My Late Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Battle_Force=Air Battle Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_American_Dictionary=Oxford American Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Two_Worlds=Adventures in Two Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapasa_vai_Ganga=Tapasa vai Ganga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adim_Purkha=Adim Purkha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hercules_Text=The Hercules Text
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giving:_How_Each_of_Us_Can_Change_the_World=Giving: How Each of Us Can Change the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Wolfings=The House of the Wolfings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Eyes=Heaven Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_(book)=Images (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_in_the_Clock=The Skeleton in the Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Graveyard_to_Let=A Graveyard to Let
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_at_the_Mocking_Widow=Night at the Mocking Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Crimson_Blind=Behind the Crimson Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cavalier's_Cup=The Cavalier's Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Pavement=Angel Pavement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Fourth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fourth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_King=The Mad King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me_(book)=Trust Me (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grass-Cutting_Sword=The Grass-Cutting Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrow_of_God=Arrow of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_of_the_People=A Man of the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Milton_Lumky_Territory=In Milton Lumky Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Whose_Teeth_Were_All_Exactly_Alike=The Man Whose Teeth Were All Exactly Alike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humpty_Dumpty_in_Oakland=Humpty Dumpty in Oakland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_and_the_Glimmung=Nick and the Glimmung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintle's_Wonders=Wintle's Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_the_North=Once Upon a Time in the North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torchlight_to_Valhalla=Torchlight to Valhalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Living_(novel)=Land of the Living (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon's_Teeth=The Dragon's Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_of_Frankie_Machine=The Winter of Frankie Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calamity_Town=Calamity Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Was_an_Old_Woman_(novel)=There Was an Old Woman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murderer_is_a_Fox=The Murderer is a Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Days'_Wonder=Ten Days' Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_of_Many_Tails=Cat of Many Tails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double,_Double_(Ellery_Queen_novel)=Double, Double (Ellery Queen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_Evil=The Origin of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_as_Rain=Right as Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Drink_Before_the_War=A Drink Before the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_Christopher_and_Goldilind_the_Fair=Child Christopher and Goldilind the Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Is_Dead_(novel)=The King Is Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Letters=The Scarlet Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Village=The Glass Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uncommon_Reader=The Uncommon Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Glory:_An_American_Voyage=Old Glory: An American Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arcanum_(novel)=The Arcanum (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Caravans=Two Caravans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Copernican_Revolution_(book)=The Copernican Revolution (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firm_of_Girdlestone=The Firm of Girdlestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Loves=Three Loves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_at_the_Center_of_the_World=The River at the Center of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartesian_Meditations=Cartesian Meditations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_the_Wind_Won't_Blow_It_All_Away=So the Wind Won't Blow It All Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Atlantis_to_the_Sphinx=From Atlantis to the Sphinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainbow_Cubby_House=The Rainbow Cubby House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asimov's_Science_Fiction:_30th_Anniversary_Anthology=Asimov's Science Fiction: 30th Anniversary Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_World_in_Seventy-Two_Days=Around the World in Seventy-Two Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Sky=China Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heroin_Diaries:_A_Year_in_the_Life_of_a_Shattered_Rock_Star=The Heroin Diaries: A Year in the Life of a Shattered Rock Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_from_Peking=Letter from Peking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_of_Courage=Face of Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Circle=The Tenth Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Gardener=The Night Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_(Martin_Amis)=Experience (Martin Amis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coffee_Trader=The Coffee Trader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_of_the_Gods_and_Other_Tales=The Twilight of the Gods and Other Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Secret_Atlas=A Secret Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babar's_Museum_of_Art=Babar's Museum of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Idiot's_Guide_to_Publishing_Science_Fiction=The Complete Idiot's Guide to Publishing Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowbound:_The_Record_of_a_Theatrical_Touring_Party=Snowbound: The Record of a Theatrical Touring Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blacker_the_Berry=The Blacker the Berry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Reign=Patriot Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource//usr/bin/god=/usr/bin/god
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_(novel)=Boston (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_When_I_Larf=Only When I Larf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_a_Rat!_or_The_Scarlet_Slippers=I Was a Rat! or The Scarlet Slippers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Nathan_Brazil=The Return of Nathan Brazil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Australian_Poetry_2007=The Best Australian Poetry 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rachel_Papers_(novel)=The Rachel Papers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wallet_of_Kai_Lung=The Wallet of Kai Lung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spirit_of_Tolerance=A Spirit of Tolerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defining_Dulcie=Defining Dulcie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Over_Bethlehem=Star Over Bethlehem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Thirteenth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bell_for_Adano_(novel)=A Bell for Adano (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Movement_of_the_Free_Spirit=The Movement of the Free Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dick_Sand,_A_Captain_at_Fifteen=Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wolf_at_the_Table=A Wolf at the Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_in_%22K%22=Kaleidoscope in "K"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Lung:_Six=Kai Lung: Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physician=The Physician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Fruits_of_Solitude_in_Reflections_and_Maxims=Some Fruits of Solitude in Reflections and Maxims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fire_in_the_Sun=A Fire in the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Midnight=Red Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundays_at_Tiffany's=Sundays at Tiffany's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sail_(novel)=Sail (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Sync=Out of Sync
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Now=The Power of Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Third_Watch=The Secret of the Third Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Tis_the_Season_(novel)='Tis the Season (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Lung_Beneath_the_Mulberry_Tree=Kai Lung Beneath the Mulberry Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_of_Much_Gladness=The Moon of Much Gladness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2666=2666
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Lost_Identity=The House of Lost Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Inferno=Earth Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_in_the_Shadows=Luck in the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalking_Darkness=Stalking Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_(Provoost_novel)=Falling (Provoost novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Palace_(novel)=The Ice Palace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Footprints_on_the_Ceiling=The Footprints on the Ceiling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonsdale=Dragonsdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_House_(novel)=The Glass House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princes_(novel)=Princes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrender_(novel)=Surrender (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thursday's_Child_(Sonya_Hartnett_novel)=Thursday's Child (Sonya Hartnett novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_(novel)=Forest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirk_Nowitzki:_German_Wunderkind=Dirk Nowitzki: German Wunderkind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Pleasure=The Book of Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exile_Kiss=The Exile Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness,_Tell_Us=Darkness, Tell Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Romance_of_the_Halifax_Disaster=A Romance of the Halifax Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_of_Eagles=Victory of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noman_(Noble_Warriors_Trilogy)=Noman (Noble Warriors Trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explosion_in_a_Cathedral=Explosion in a Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Jenny=Letters to Jenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Knights=The Winter Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_Revenant=Fatal Revenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Academy_(novel)=Nightmare Academy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombs_Away:_The_Story_of_a_Bomber_Team=Bombs Away: The Story of a Bomber Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laidlaw_(novel)=Laidlaw (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Robot_Kingdom=Inside the Robot Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pea-Pickers=The Pea-Pickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortunate_Fall_(novel)=The Fortunate Fall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenge_in_the_Silent_Tomb=Revenge in the Silent Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunt:_A_Declaration_of_Independence=Cunt: A Declaration of Independence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_Earth=Daughter of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lucky_Star_(novel)=My Lucky Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Being_Right=The Art of Being Right
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunrise_Lands=The Sunrise Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Sun_(novel)=Dark Sun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timothy_of_the_Cay=Timothy of the Cay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Heaven_(Keenan_novel)=Blue Heaven (Keenan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_The_Ghosts_of_Christmas=Short Trips: The Ghosts of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skyfire_Puzzle=The Skyfire Puzzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Seventeenth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventeenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_the_Dime=Chasing the Dime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uno's_Garden=Uno's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunderhead_(novel)=Thunderhead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_April=Broken April
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior's_Refuge=Warrior's Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_(novel)=London (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wastelands:_Stories_of_the_Apocalypse=Wastelands: Stories of the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamland_(novel)=Dreamland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairy_Gunmother=The Fairy Gunmother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collapse_of_Chaos=The Collapse of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_(Harris_novel)=The Ghost (Harris novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dream_of_John_Ball=A Dream of John Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Believe_But_Cannot_Prove=What We Believe But Cannot Prove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust,_Caution=Lust, Caution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livestock's_Long_Shadow=Livestock's Long Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_into_Life=Death into Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venetia_(Disraeli_novel)=Venetia (Disraeli novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Climbs=Emily Climbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diana_Chronicles=The Diana Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stuff_of_Thought=The Stuff of Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Thermonuclear_War=On Thermonuclear War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Fall_of_Night=Beyond the Fall of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_of_Pascual_Duarte=The Family of Pascual Duarte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,000_Places_to_See_Before_You_Die=1,000 Places to See Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Companions=The Good Companions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Job_(novel)=The Job (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Swimmers=Beautiful Swimmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedmurti_Taponishth_SriRam_Sharma_Acharya=Vedmurti Taponishth SriRam Sharma Acharya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jews_Against_Zionism_(book)=Jews Against Zionism (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maps_and_Legends=Maps and Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Murder,_a_Mystery,_and_a_Marriage=A Murder, a Mystery, and a Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disinherited=The Disinherited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambidextrous_(novel)=Ambidextrous (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Fire_II=Ring of Fire II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampirates:_Blood_Captain=Vampirates: Blood Captain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_to_the_People_(book)=Power to the People (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Orc's_Rage=Red Orc's Rage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_Bed=The Monster Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judita=Judita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coroner's_Lunch=The Coroner's Lunch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God:_The_Failed_Hypothesis=God: The Failed Hypothesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Signifying_Monkey=The Signifying Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four-Gated_City=The Four-Gated City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Alhambra=Tales of the Alhambra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_(novel)=Hero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tide_Knot=The Tide Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_Click_Snap=Click Click Snap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_the_Moon_(book)=In the Shadow of the Moon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Dictionary_of_the_Terms_Ancient_and_Modern_of_the_Canting_Crew=A New Dictionary of the Terms Ancient and Modern of the Canting Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_(novel)=The Deep (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polymorph_(novel)=Polymorph (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Blue_Dot_(book)=Pale Blue Dot (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goats_(novel)=Goats (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Pueblo=Naked Pueblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seize_the_Night_(novel)=Seize the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gift_of_Dragons=A Gift of Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bully:_A_Discussion_and_Activity_Story=The Bully: A Discussion and Activity Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George's_Secret_Key_to_the_Universe=George's Secret Key to the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solip:System=Solip:System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Single_&_Single=Single & Single
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_X_(1965_book)=Generation X (1965 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homebody_(novel)=Homebody (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Tables=Stone Tables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_(novel)=Saints (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasive_Procedures_(novel)=Invasive Procedures (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brief_Wondrous_Life_of_Oscar_Wao=The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_E-mail_Mystery=The E-mail Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider-Man:_The_Darkest_Hours=Spider-Man: The Darkest Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_League_of_Extraordinary_Gentlemen_(novel)=The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Return=Shadows Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_War_of_Gifts:_An_Ender_Story=A War of Gifts: An Ender Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chike_and_the_River=Chike and the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebekah_(Women_of_Genesis_series)=Rebekah (Women of Genesis series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_and_Leah=Rachel and Leah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_Jesus_Exist%3F_(Wells)=Did Jesus Exist? (Wells)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contributions_to_Philosophy_(From_Enowning)=Contributions to Philosophy (From Enowning)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redeeming_Love=Redeeming Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reincarnation_(novel)=Reincarnation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_the_Rock-Forming_Minerals=An Introduction to the Rock-Forming Minerals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_Days_of_Daniel_X=The Dangerous Days of Daniel X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Boy=First Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Autonomy:_The_Economic,_Social_&_Technological_Case_for_Renewable_Energy=Energy Autonomy: The Economic, Social & Technological Case for Renewable Energy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_(Swindells_novel)=Stone Cold (Swindells novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_(novel)=Wolf (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_(Mahy_novel)=The Haunting (Mahy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulku_(novel)=Tulku (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Gold_(book)=City of Gold (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Change_(Armstrong_novel)=Sea Change (Armstrong novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death's_Shadow_(novel)=Death's Shadow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beast_(Kennen_novel)=Beast (Kennen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_(novel)=The Edge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomwyte=Doomwyte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlequin_(novel)=Harlequin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer_(Creech_novel)=The Wanderer (Creech novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Fun_and_Games_until_Somebody_Loses_an_Eye=All Fun and Games until Somebody Loses an Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Big_Boy_Did_It_and_Ran_Away=A Big Boy Did It and Ran Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_(Enright_novel)=The Gathering (Enright novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Park_and_Philosophy:_You_Know,_I_Learned_Something_Today=South Park and Philosophy: You Know, I Learned Something Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Ear_(book)=The Third Ear (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily's_Quest=Emily's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pundits_from_Pakistan=Pundits from Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convergent_Series_(short_story_collection)=Convergent Series (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Light_in_the_Window=A Light in the Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebula_Maker=Nebula Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weep_Not,_Child=Weep Not, Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warren_Buffett_Way=The Warren Buffett Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mister_Pip=Mister Pip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_of_Mutiny=Moon of Mutiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grammar_of_the_Gothic_Language=Grammar of the Gothic Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Facelift=Diary of a Facelift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_Horrifica=Encyclopedia Horrifica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardography=Cardography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_of_Malaysia=Chronicle of Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends,_Lovers,_Chocolate=Friends, Lovers, Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Careful_Use_of_Compliments=The Careful Use of Compliments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Brother=Strange Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Mirror_(book)=Magic Mirror (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Separate_Reality=A Separate Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Precaution_(novel)=Precaution (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolf_Hitler:_My_Part_in_His_Downfall=Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scandal_of_the_Evangelical_Mind=The Scandal of the Evangelical Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Name_of_this_Book_is_Secret=The Name of this Book is Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atherton:_The_House_of_Power=Atherton: The House of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonsbane=Dragonsbane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Rain=Crystal Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Thought=Intelligent Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragamuffin_(novel)=Ragamuffin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blasphemy_(Preston_novel)=Blasphemy (Preston novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_the_Single_Ghost=Sex and the Single Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brat_Farrar=Brat Farrar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss_(Orson_Scott_Card_novel)=The Abyss (Orson Scott Card novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shosha_(novel)=Shosha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_at_Night=Dave at Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steering_the_Craft=Steering the Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodosia_and_the_Serpents_of_Chaos=Theodosia and the Serpents of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted:_The_Distorted_Mathematics_of_Greenhouse_Denial=Twisted: The Distorted Mathematics of Greenhouse Denial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_in_the_Mirror=Martha in the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Many_Hands=The Many Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowglobe_7=Snowglobe 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Storm=Deep Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Limit=The Ice Limit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mists_of_Dawn=Mists of Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_(novel)=Jennie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Far_Country_(Winston_Churchill)=A Far Country (Winston Churchill)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Living_Biblically=The Year of Living Biblically
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unaccustomed_Earth=Unaccustomed Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brotherhood_of_the_Rose=The Brotherhood of the Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_in_a_New_Key=Philosophy in a New Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_and_Toad_Are_Friends=Frog and Toad Are Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blink_(novel)=Blink (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_(novel)=Black (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_(novel)=White (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_(novel)=Red (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_to_Gold=Ashes to Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galileo's_Daughter=Galileo's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireball_(novel)=Fireball (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketch_for_a_Theory_of_the_Emotions=Sketch for a Theory of the Emotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Found_Land=New Found Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Dance_(novel)=Dragon Dance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Open_Book_(poems)=An Open Book (poems)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Men_of_Saturn=Missing Men of Saturn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_to_Luna=Rocket to Luna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_Jockey_(novel)=Rocket Jockey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stadium_Beyond_the_Stars=Stadium Beyond the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven's_Knot=The Raven's Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Strand=The Fatal Strand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booster_Breaks=Booster Breaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1st_to_Die=1st to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Not_the_Life_I_Ordered=This Is Not the Life I Ordered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demihuman_Deities=Demihuman Deities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_(Jonathan_Kellerman_novel)=Monster (Jonathan Kellerman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Scarlet=Warrior Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found_(book)=Lost and Found (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_on_the_Moon_(book)=Man on the Moon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Anti-Gravity_Paint=Danny Dunn and the Anti-Gravity Paint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Homework_Machine=Danny Dunn and the Homework Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Weather_Machine=Danny Dunn and the Weather Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_on_the_Ocean_Floor=Danny Dunn on the Ocean Floor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Fossil_Cave=Danny Dunn and the Fossil Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Universe_(novel)=Dark Universe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn,_Time_Traveler=Danny Dunn, Time Traveler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Automatic_House=Danny Dunn and the Automatic House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Smallifying_Machine=Danny Dunn and the Smallifying Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Swamp_Monster=Danny Dunn and the Swamp Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Universal_Glue=Danny Dunn and the Universal Glue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_Scientific_Detective=Danny Dunn Scientific Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotle_(children's_book)=Aristotle (children's book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Twisted_Hero=Our Twisted Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Girl_/_White_Girl=Black Girl / White Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Red_Schoolbook=The Little Red Schoolbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Voice_from_Space=Danny Dunn and the Voice from Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flour_Babies=Flour Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likkutei_Sichos=Likkutei Sichos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Three_Englishmen_and_Three_Russians_in_South_Africa=The Adventures of Three Englishmen and Three Russians in South Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Defining_Patterns=Short Trips: Defining Patterns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Barkscrolls=The Lost Barkscrolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Man_Little_Man:_A_Story_of_Childhood=Little Man Little Man: A Story of Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadkidsongs=Deadkidsongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Myself=Finding Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Dracula_and_Young_Monsters=Young Dracula and Young Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_Me_from_Myself=Save Me from Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Around_the_Day_in_Eighty_Worlds=Around the Day in Eighty Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizons:_Exploring_the_Universe=Horizons: Exploring the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_(Agatha_Christie)=Poems (Agatha Christie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/62:_A_Model_Kit=62: A Model Kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Visitation_of_Spirits=A Visitation of Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freehold_(novel)=Freehold (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hostile_Waters_(book)=Hostile Waters (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dying_Colonialism=A Dying Colonialism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Ponsonby=Mr Ponsonby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stick_to_Drawing_Comics,_Monkey_Brain!=Stick to Drawing Comics, Monkey Brain!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greed_(Jelinek_novel)=Greed (Jelinek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_autonautas_de_la_cosmopista=Los autonautas de la cosmopista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octaedro=Octaedro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4-Hour_Workweek=The 4-Hour Workweek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resistance_(Animorphs)=The Resistance (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atomic_Lobster=Atomic Lobster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_First_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: First Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parva_(novel)=Parva (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Turn_in_the_South=A Turn in the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Hills=The Angry Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashing_Swords!_1=Flashing Swords! 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashing_Swords!_2=Flashing Swords! 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashing_Swords!_3:_Warriors_and_Wizards=Flashing Swords! 3: Warriors and Wizards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashing_Swords!_4:_Barbarians_and_Black_Magicians=Flashing Swords! 4: Barbarians and Black Magicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirt=The Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flashing_Swords!_5:_Demons_and_Daggers=Flashing Swords! 5: Demons and Daggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Way_of_Life:_Over_Thirty_Years_of_Blood,_Sweat_and_Tears=A Way of Life: Over Thirty Years of Blood, Sweat and Tears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Story_(book)=Our Story (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Fighter=Born Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Djinn_(novel)=Djinn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hamilton_Case=The Hamilton Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disunited_States_of_America=The Disunited States of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Darkness=Dragons of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pied_Piper_of_Lovers=Pied Piper of Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Republic_Commando:_Order_66=Star Wars Republic Commando: Order 66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_the_Missing_(Richard_Laymon)=Among the Missing (Richard Laymon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_on_Ice=Future on Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_on_Fire=Future on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper_of_Dreams=Keeper of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youth_Without_Youth_(novella)=Youth Without Youth (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laboratory_Life=Laboratory Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English,_August=English, August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal,_Vegetable,_Miracle=Animal, Vegetable, Miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conjuror's_Bird=The Conjuror's Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_of_the_Dead_(novel)=Dance of the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapestry_of_Dark_Souls=Tapestry of Dark Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_Within_(novel)=The Enemy Within (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posing_as_People=Posing as People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trees_(novel)=The Trees (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floodgate_(novel)=Floodgate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Documents_in_the_Case=The Documents in the Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Rise=Raven Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ainge=Ainge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listen,_Mom_and_Dad=Listen, Mom and Dad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J._R._R._Tolkien's_influences=J. R. R. Tolkien's influences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inheritance_(Paolini_novel)=Inheritance (Paolini novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Birds_(book)=Song of the Birds (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_with_My_Cello=Travels with My Cello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Reasons_to_Hate_the_French=50 Reasons to Hate the French
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Death=River of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventing_Elliot=Inventing Elliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrift_in_Soho=Adrift in Soho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rape_of_Europa=The Rape of Europa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Particle:_If_the_Universe_Is_the_Answer,_What_Is_the_Question%3F=The God Particle: If the Universe Is the Answer, What Is the Question?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seawitch=Seawitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpieces:_The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Century=Masterpieces: The Best Science Fiction of the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Dream=Dark Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phobos_Science_Fiction_Anthology_Volume_1=The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phobos_Science_Fiction_Anthology_Volume_2=The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phobos_Science_Fiction_Anthology_Volume_3=The Phobos Science Fiction Anthology Volume 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computers_and_Intractability=Computers and Intractability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_William's_Luck=Just William's Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloody_Red_Baron=The Bloody Red Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wednesday_Wars=The Wednesday Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anno_Dracula=Anno Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_Cha_Cha_Cha=Dracula Cha Cha Cha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantomas_contra_los_vampiros_multinacionales=Fantomas contra los vampiros multinacionales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosa_del_Observatorio=Prosa del Observatorio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wild_Ride_Through_the_Night=A Wild Ride Through the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Gate_(MacLean_novel)=The Golden Gate (MacLean novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Middle_Age_of_Mrs_Eliot=The Middle Age of Mrs Eliot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compendium_Maleficarum=Compendium Maleficarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Hunter_D_Volume_1=Vampire Hunter D Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Hunter_D:_Raiser_of_Gales=Vampire Hunter D: Raiser of Gales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barracks=The Barracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Let_the_Pigeon_Stay_Up_Late!=Don't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Pee!=Time to Pee!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwina,_the_Dinosaur_Who_Didn't_Know_She_Was_Extinct=Edwina, the Dinosaur Who Didn't Know She Was Extinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Hunter_D:_Mysterious_Journey_to_the_North_Sea=Vampire Hunter D: Mysterious Journey to the North Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Hunter_D:_Throng_of_Heretics=Vampire Hunter D: Throng of Heretics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Omaha=The Road to Omaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_in_Landscape=Girl in Landscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Christie:_An_Autobiography=Agatha Christie: An Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Story_(Kray_book)=My Story (Kray book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murderer=The Murderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Jones_(novel)=William Jones (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_Movies_(book)=Cult Movies (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Fathom=Deep Fathom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Expensive_Place_to_Die=An Expensive Place to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heritage_of_Arn=The Heritage of Arn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Firing_Offense=A Firing Offense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Talk_About_When_We_Talk_About_Love=What We Talk About When We Talk About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Circle_of_Paradise=The Final Circle of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick's_Trip=Nick's Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Starbucks_Saved_My_Life=How Starbucks Saved My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Gump_(novel)=Forrest Gump (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aunt's_Story=The Aunt's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Man=The Tree of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solid_Mandala=The Solid Mandala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Storm_(novel)=The Eye of the Storm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_to_Dusty_Death=The Way to Dusty Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Kill=The Big Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Hunters=The Girl Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Indemnity_(novel)=Double Indemnity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Dysfunctional,_You're_Dysfunctional=I'm Dysfunctional, You're Dysfunctional
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions,_Donkeys_and_Dinosaurs=Lions, Donkeys and Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_This_Way:_The_Autobiography_of_Aerosmith=Walk This Way: The Autobiography of Aerosmith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Girl_and_the_Man_Who_Followed_the_Sun=Bird Girl and the Man Who Followed the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Blowdown=The Big Blowdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_the_Man_(book)=Jesus the Man (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_X=Growing Up X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazy_Man's_Guide_to_Enlightenment=The Lazy Man's Guide to Enlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Crusader=The Dark Crusader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fluid_Concepts_and_Creative_Analogies=Fluid Concepts and Creative Analogies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Nights_on_Air=Late Nights on Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_House=A Good House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whaleboat_House=The Whaleboat House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_Bites:_Eating_on_Tour_with_Franz_Ferdinand=Sound Bites: Eating on Tour with Franz Ferdinand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breath_(novel)=Breath (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grisly_Wife=The Grisly Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Frontier_(novel)=The Last Frontier (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partisans_(novel)=Partisans (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeking_a_Sanctuary=Seeking a Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Charge_to_Keep=A Charge to Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_(novel)=History (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Road_(Montgomery_novel)=The Golden Road (Montgomery novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Over_Baker_Street=Shadows Over Baker Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_in_the_Kennel=Crime in the Kennel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paprika_(novel)=Paprika (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Darke:_Prince_of_Fools=Sebastian Darke: Prince of Fools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Darke:_Prince_of_Pirates=Sebastian Darke: Prince of Pirates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_Darke:_Prince_of_Explorers=Sebastian Darke: Prince of Explorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Abbey=Nightmare Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Buffalope's_Tale=A Buffalope's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Iris_Chang=Finding Iris Chang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creeps_(novel)=Creeps (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Full_Cupboard_of_Life=The Full Cupboard of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espresso_Tales=Espresso Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samson_Option:_Israel's_Nuclear_Arsenal_and_American_Foreign_Policy=The Samson Option: Israel's Nuclear Arsenal and American Foreign Policy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_(Don_Lee)=Yellow (Don Lee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Friendly_Persuasion=The Friendly Persuasion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnosaur_(novel)=Carnosaur (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Raven_Castle=Escape from Raven Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joker_in_the_Pack_(novel)=Joker in the Pack (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Party=The Last Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Adder=Dr. Adder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Children_Fail=How Children Fail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cruise:_An_Unauthorized_Biography=Tom Cruise: An Unauthorized Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_in_Paradise=Evil in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aegri_Somnia=Aegri Somnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Heaven_(novel)=Cold Heaven (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Absurd=Growing Up Absurd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Hours=Odd Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Company_of_Cheerful_Ladies=In the Company of Cheerful Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Days_in_a_Mad-House=Ten Days in a Mad-House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Towers_of_Trebizond=The Towers of Trebizond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Daughter=The King's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Nachsommer=Der Nachsommer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilt_in_a_Day=Quilt in a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weapon_Makers=The Weapon Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Lover=The Eternal Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cave_Girl=The Cave Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinx_(Cabot_novel)=Jinx (Cabot novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Girl_(novel)=Jungle Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_of_Friends_(novel)=Circle of Friends (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slash_(autobiography)=Slash (autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Shoes_and_Happiness=Blue Shoes and Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_(Doyle_novel)=Flood (Doyle novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loyalty_in_Death=Loyalty in Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Invitation_to_the_White_House=An Invitation to the White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Maid=The Moon Maid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Way_of_Death=The American Way of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nude_Men=Nude Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Me_in_the_Eye=Look Me in the Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principles_of_Scientific_Management=The Principles of Scientific Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoot_the_Women_First=Shoot the Women First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soziologie=Soziologie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dust_(novel)=Red Dust (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Revolution=Out of Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_Hater=Cop Hater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_and_Reality=Speech and Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Europe_(book)=New Europe (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_and_the_Pilgrim=The Prince and the Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_an_Impure_Thinker=I Am an Impure Thinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Love=Hard Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far-Distant_Oxus=The Far-Distant Oxus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torture_Central=Torture Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Dancer=Star Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reserved_for_the_Cat=Reserved for the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_a_Swing=The Girl in a Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_in_Death=Midnight in Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruth_Hall_(novel)=Ruth Hall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steam_House=The Steam House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_for_Marigold=Magic for Marigold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_Place=The Beginning Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornografia=Pornografia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Piratica_Series=The Piratica Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Ways_to_Bug_Your_Teacher=101 Ways to Bug Your Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fine_Day_in_the_Middle_of_the_Night=One Fine Day in the Middle of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Word=The Painted Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Bauhaus_to_Our_House=From Bauhaus to Our House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Decades=The Purple Decades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Time_(Wolfe_book)=In Our Time (Wolfe book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Cruise:_All_the_World's_a_Stage=Tom Cruise: All the World's a Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Legendary_Girlfriend_(novel)=My Legendary Girlfriend (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_Empire=Day of Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_to_Paradise=The Way to Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moral_Reckoning=A Moral Reckoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchemist_(novel)=The Alchemist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmet_for_My_Pillow=Helmet for My Pillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_into_the_Country=Coming into the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_(novel)=Monsieur (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmonella_Men_on_Planet_Porno=Salmonella Men on Planet Porno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maytrees=The Maytrees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_Wilson's_Complete_Course_In_Magic=Mark Wilson's Complete Course In Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Holocausts_Happen=How Holocausts Happen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_USSR=Trapped in the USSR
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage:_Eight_Portraits=Courage: Eight Portraits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Lake_(novel)=Crow Lake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mara,_Daughter_of_the_Nile=Mara, Daughter of the Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trullion:_Alastor_2262=Trullion: Alastor 2262
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Boy:_The_Arts_of_Japan's_Exploding_Subculture=Little Boy: The Arts of Japan's Exploding Subculture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Atlantis_(novel)=Journey to Atlantis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fotografiks=Fotografiks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thongor_of_Lemuria=Thongor of Lemuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boot_Camp_(novel)=Boot Camp (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_of_the_Owl=The Cry of the Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_for_the_Flowers=Hope for the Flowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Coffee_Blues=Black Coffee Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Appeal=The Appeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archive_Fever=Archive Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Know_What_You_Did_Last_Summer_(novel)=I Know What You Did Last Summer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Petite_Fadette=La Petite Fadette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Hall_Likes_Me,_I_Reckon_Maybe=Philip Hall Likes Me, I Reckon Maybe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sell-In=The Sell-In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahars_of_Pellucidar=Mahars of Pellucidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_in_Space=Citizen in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilgrimage_to_Earth=Pilgrimage to Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood's_a_Rover=Blood's a Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Pan_in_Kensington_Gardens=Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_White_Bird=The Little White Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Ship_(Jackie_French_novel)=The White Ship (Jackie French novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Fish_from_Drowning=Saving Fish from Drowning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_a_Peruvian_Woman=Letters from a Peruvian Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Love_Me_Yet=You Don't Love Me Yet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Gift=The Greatest Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Nobody_Knows=The Man Nobody Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wrote_The_Dead_Sea_Scrolls%3F=Who Wrote The Dead Sea Scrolls?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stocks_for_the_Long_Run=Stocks for the Long Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diversion_(Animorphs)=The Diversion (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare:_The_World_as_Stage=Shakespeare: The World as Stage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Masters_(novel)=Old Masters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Green_Star=Under the Green Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Green_Star_Calls=When the Green Star Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spook:_Science_Tackles_the_Afterlife=Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_(novel)=Traveller (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Light_of_the_Green_Star=By the Light of the Green Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrimony:_A_True_Story=Patrimony: A True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spires_of_Spirit=Spires of Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_of_Algiers_in_Their_Apartment=Women of Algiers in Their Apartment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Filles_du_feu=Les Filles du feu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rim_(novel)=Rim (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_Leviathan=The Land Leviathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steel_Tsar=The Steel Tsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nomad_of_the_Time_Streams=A Nomad of the Time Streams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Visit_the_Queen=To Visit the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Victoria's_Bomb=Queen Victoria's Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Stars_Go_By=The Silent Stars Go By
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invasion_of_1910=The Invasion of 1910
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychology_of_The_Simpsons=The Psychology of The Simpsons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Averno_(poetry)=Averno (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin's_Lover=The Virgin's Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_Fell=Troll Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Christmas_(comics)=Father Christmas (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Sea=Invasion of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls'_Guide_to_Hunting_and_Fishing=The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_Mill=Troll Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Soccer_Explains_the_World=How Soccer Explains the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naturalist_(book)=Naturalist (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whisper_of_Glocken=The Whisper of Glocken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_(book)=X (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M_(John_Cage_book)=M (John Cage book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Hills_Divide=The Dark Hills Divide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Mist=Into the Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Suppress_Women's_Writing=How to Suppress Women's Writing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Claidi_Journals=The Claidi Journals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cure_for_Cancer=A Cure for Cancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Programme=The Final Programme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Assassin:_A_Romance_of_Entropy=The English Assassin: A Romance of Entropy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Condition_of_Muzak=The Condition of Muzak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_and_Times_of_Jerry_Cornelius=The Lives and Times of Jerry Cornelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Entropy_Tango=The Entropy Tango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cornelius_Quartet=The Cornelius Quartet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Una_Persson_and_Catherine_Cornelius_in_the_20th_Century=The Adventures of Una Persson and Catherine Cornelius in the 20th Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firing_the_Cathedral=Firing the Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloudy_with_a_Chance_of_Meatballs=Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit_Unlimited=Orbit Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Leather_Jacket=The Black Leather Jacket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Side_of_the_Sky=The Wrong Side of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surprising_Archaea=The Surprising Archaea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook's_Mistake=The Spook's Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Bright_and_Risen_Angels=You Bright and Risen Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Truce,_and_Other_Stories=A Truce, and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliens_(Tappan_Wright_novel)=Aliens (Tappan Wright novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_of_Lies_(novel)=Body of Lies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Plus_One=Midnight Plus One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Script=Shooting Script
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_with_Pistol=Venus with Pistol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_Templar=The Fall of the Templar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antony_and_Cleopatra_(novel)=Antony and Cleopatra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moffats=The Moffats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_by_Contract=History by Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Faith_(novel)=Blind Faith (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Master=The Good Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Rivers_of_Babylon=By the Rivers of Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_of_Honor_(novel)=Word of Honor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayday_(novel)=Mayday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charm_School=The Charm School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Beasts_of_Eld=The Forgotten Beasts of Eld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Are_We_in_Vietnam%3F=Why Are We in Vietnam?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless_Roads=The Lawless Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Natural_History_and_Antiquities_of_Selborne=The Natural History and Antiquities of Selborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Heart_of_Italy=The Dark Heart of Italy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Above_My_Head=Just Above My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_How_Long_the_Train's_Been_Gone=Tell Me How Long the Train's Been Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_for_Mister_Charlie=Blues for Mister Charlie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Name_in_the_Street=No Name in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Dreamer=Fire Dreamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rap_on_Race=A Rap on Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_House:_A_Trifle=Light House: A Trifle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salt_Roads=The Salt Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farthing_(novel)=Farthing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventus=Ventus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rich_Like_Us=Rich Like Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_and_American_Society:_Thirteen_Myths=Energy and American Society: Thirteen Myths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolt_of_Aphrodite=The Revolt of Aphrodite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trumpet_(novel)=Trumpet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesus_Dynasty=The Jesus Dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_Billion_Names_of_God_(collection)=The Nine Billion Names of God (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_on_intohimoni=Tango on intohimoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_of_Fear=The Gift of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloriana_(novel)=Gloriana (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Put_the_Future_Behind_Us=Let's Put the Future Behind Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mormon_Scientist=Mormon Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_the_Green_Star_Rises=As the Green Star Rises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madol_Doova=Madol Doova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vor_Game=The Vor Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metatemporal_Detective=The Metatemporal Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Students_Across_the_Seven_Seas=Students Across the Seven Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praisesong_for_the_Widow=Praisesong for the Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_and_Prudence=Jane and Prudence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Green_Star's_Glow=In the Green Star's Glow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_a_Bowl_of_Tea=Eat a Bowl of Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Avignon_Quintet=The Avignon Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastian_(Durrell_novel)=Sebastian (Durrell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_in_the_Treetops=The Village in the Treetops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honoured_Enemy=Honoured Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_LaMut=Murder in LaMut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_the_Hand_(novel)=Jimmy the Hand (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sentinel_(anthology)=The Sentinel (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Albatross=The Albatross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_Towers=The Fall of the Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rommel_Drives_on_Deep_into_Egypt=Rommel Drives on Deep into Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Delivery_(novel)=Special Delivery (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balthazar_(novel)=Balthazar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountolive=Mountolive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_the_Rabbit-Proof_Fence=Follow the Rabbit-Proof Fence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Despotism=The New Despotism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badshahi_Angti=Badshahi Angti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_My_Wilderness=The World My Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belinda_(Edgeworth_novel)=Belinda (Edgeworth novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bicycles=White Bicycles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Arthur_C._Clarke=The Best of Arthur C. Clarke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_Planet_Earth=Tales from Planet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_in_Sepia=Portrait in Sepia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilmeny_of_the_Orchard=Kilmeny of the Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_One_Universe=More Than One Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friday_Night_Lights:_A_Town,_a_Team,_and_a_Dream=Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allies_and_Aliens=Allies and Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Dumb_World=Our Dumb World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Illusion=The Great Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fablehaven_(novel)=Fablehaven (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Lost_Colony=Artemis Fowl: The Lost Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_of_Spider=The Warriors of Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Creeps=Love Creeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Boy_(novel)=The Blue Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Booky_Wook=My Booky Wook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journal_of_Arthur_Stirling=The Journal of Arthur Stirling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expect_Resistance=Expect Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Elements=Bad Elements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ports_of_Call=Ports of Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpentaria_(novel)=Carpentaria (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangster_(novel)=Gangster (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_It:_The_Psychology_of_est=Getting It: The Psychology of est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifestoes_of_Surrealism=Manifestoes of Surrealism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primrose_Path=The Primrose Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Book_(Durrell_novel)=The Black Book (Durrell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treading_Air=Treading Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_and_Blaze=Billy and Blaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_London=Mother London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_City=King of the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_the_Forest=The Romance of the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sicilian_Romance=A Sicilian Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castles_of_Athlin_and_Dunbayne=The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont_(novel)=Clermont (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Calvaire=Le Calvaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbess=The Abbess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_22=Twice 22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_California_(novel)=Goodbye California (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Assassin=The Small Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Jester=The Haunted Jester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theologus_Autodidactus=Theologus Autodidactus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ferdinand_Count_Fathom=The Adventures of Ferdinand Count Fathom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_English_Baron=The Old English Baron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_After_Midnight=Long After Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Christmas_Mystery=The Christmas Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Special_Providence=A Special Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Midnight_(Hill_novel)=Good Morning, Midnight (Hill novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Kill_the_Potemkin=To Kill the Potemkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_of_the_Lost_Sea=Dragon of the Lost Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Steel=Dragon Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummies_of_Guanajuato=The Mummies of Guanajuato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fog_Horn_&_Other_Stories=The Fog Horn & Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Wolfenbach=The Castle of Wolfenbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_for_the_Samurai_Sword=Duel for the Samurai Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Necromancer;_or,_The_Tale_of_the_Black_Forest=The Necromancer; or, The Tale of the Black Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Bell=The Midnight Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orphan_of_the_Rhine=The Orphan of the Rhine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Circus_and_the_Electrocution=The Last Circus and the Electrocution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonsword=Dragonsword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Tales=Dinosaur Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_(short_story)=The Dragon (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Report=Mitchell Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Standard_Code_of_Parliamentary_Procedure=The Standard Code of Parliamentary Procedure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toynbee_Convector_(short_story_collection)=The Toynbee Convector (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_the_Barge=The Lady of the Barge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Stories_1=Classic Stories 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Stories_2=Classic Stories 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Cinderella_and_the_Secret_Dragon_Society=Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degeneration_(Nordau)=Degeneration (Nordau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursuit_of_the_Deadly_Diamonds=Pursuit of the Deadly Diamonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Blind=Driving Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firework-Maker's_Daughter=The Firework-Maker's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nationalism_and_Culture=Nationalism and Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_That_You,_Herb%3F=Is That You, Herb?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Who_Ate_His_Tail=The Dragon Who Ate His Tail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Dust_Returned=From the Dust Returned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Meanings:_Politics_and_Ideas_in_the_Making_of_the_Constitution=Original Meanings: Politics and Ideas in the Making of the Constitution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Lies,_Secrets_and_Silence=On Lies, Secrets and Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vindication_of_the_Rights_of_Whores=A Vindication of the Rights of Whores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_Stories_for_Today_and_Tomorrow=Timeless Stories for Today and Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_of_Dr._Lao_and_Other_Improbable_Stories=The Circus of Dr. Lao and Other Improbable Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_B._It=So B. It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Nebraska=Nuclear Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracie:_A_Love_Story=Gracie: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Standing_Up=Born Standing Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Forever_(novel)=Now and Forever (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Sense=The Logic of Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/V_(The_Second_Generation)=V (The Second Generation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_(Jessop_and_Palmer_book)=Escape (Jessop and Palmer book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Sanity=The Mask of Sanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorna's_Search=Acorna's Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkside_(novel)=Darkside (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_of_the_Devil_(novel)=The Hand of the Devil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millions_of_Cats=Millions of Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Submarine_Operations_in_World_War_II=United States Submarine Operations in World War II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Stone=Men of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Inconvenient_Book=An Inconvenient Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Joujouka=Tales of Joujouka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Dragon=Shadow of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Everglades:_River_of_Grass=The Everglades: River of Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Genius_(novel)=Evil Genius (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delivery_Man_(novel)=The Delivery Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_of_Thomas_Kempe=The Ghost of Thomas Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shards_of_Honor=Shards of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mysterious_Affair_of_Style=A Mysterious Affair of Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Cauldron=Dragon Cauldron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_War=Dragon War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_(fantasy_series)=Dragon (fantasy series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bureaucracy_(book)=Bureaucracy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneers_of_American_Freedom=Pioneers of American Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legion_of_Space=The Legion of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Curtain=The Black Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarecrow_and_his_Servant=The Scarecrow and his Servant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Behind_the_Mask_of_Divinity=Gandhi Behind the Mask of Divinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_in_Madrid=Winter in Madrid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necropolis_(Horowitz_novel)=Necropolis (Horowitz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judas_Country=Judas Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duel_of_Dragons=Duel of Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Death=Dragon Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_Inside_Me=The Killer Inside Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_of_Romulus=The Code of Romulus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dustbin_Baby=Dustbin Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waxworks_Murder=The Waxworks Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problem_of_the_Wire_Cage=The Problem of the Wire Cage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanter=The Enchanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Wake_the_Dead=To Wake the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nine_Wrong_Answers=The Nine Wrong Answers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_of_Newgate=The Bride of Newgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_That_I_Had_Duck_Feet=I Wish That I Had Duck Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soft_Target_(book)=Soft Target (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Countess_Below_Stairs=A Countess Below Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Target=Uncle Target
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crocus_List=The Crocus List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_a_Living=For a Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexwood=Hexwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_Passion=Season of Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderlust_(Steel_novel)=Wanderlust (Steel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Book_of_Contemporary_American_Poetry=Pittsburgh Book of Contemporary American Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurston_House_(novel)=Thurston House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Violet_Park=Finding Violet Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_Utd=The Damned Utd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reduced_to_Ashes_(book)=Reduced to Ashes (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self-Help_(book)=Self-Help (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Sphinx=The Sleeping Sphinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patrick_Butler_for_the_Defense=Patrick Butler for the Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Man's_Knock=The Dead Man's Knock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Skull=Castle Skull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chase_(novel)=The Chase (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Upstairs_Room=The Upstairs Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Company_of_Swans=A Company of Swans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution_of_Infectious_Disease=Evolution of Infectious Disease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pleasure_of_Finding_Things_Out=The Pleasure of Finding Things Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Could_Not_Shudder=The Man Who Could Not Shudder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Spectacles=The Black Spectacles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latke_Who_Couldn't_Stop_Screaming=The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Till_Death_Do_Us_Part_(Carr_novel)=Till Death Do Us Part (Carr novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_at_Satan's_Elbow=The House at Satan's Elbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_Called_Here=A Place Called Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burned_(Hopkins_novel)=Burned (Hopkins novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halcyon_Days_(book)=Halcyon Days (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monetary_History_of_the_United_States=A Monetary History of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Lonely_Place_(novel)=In a Lonely Place (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Servant_(Lyall_novel)=The Secret Servant (Lyall novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conduct_of_Major_Maxim=The Conduct of Major Maxim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cool_It:_The_Skeptical_Environmentalist's_Guide_to_Global_Warming=Cool It: The Skeptical Environmentalist's Guide to Global Warming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Confederate_General_from_Big_Sur=A Confederate General from Big Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Valley_of_Thorns=Beyond the Valley of Thorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_and_Marceline=Jason and Marceline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chosen_(Dekker_novel)=Chosen (Dekker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_in_Blood_(novel)=Written in Blood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombrero_Fallout:_A_Japanese_Novel=Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Rules:_Polite_Musings_from_a_Timid_Observer=New Rules: Polite Musings from a Timid Observer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infidel_(novel)=Infidel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hawkline_Monster:_A_Gothic_Western=The Hawkline Monster: A Gothic Western
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Hatter_Mystery=The Mad Hatter Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Velvet=The Devil in Velvet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Turns_the_Tables=Death Turns the Tables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_America_(book)=Miss America (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testament_of_Gideon_Mack=The Testament of Gideon Mack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berserk_(novel)=Berserk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mercy=A Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Unfortunate_Woman:_A_Journey=An Unfortunate Woman: A Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tokyo-Montana_Express=The Tokyo-Montana Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Gayheart=Lucy Gayheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Things=Fine Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Dark_of_the_Night_(novel)=In the Dark of the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beside_the_Ocean_of_Time=Beside the Ocean of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M33_in_Andromeda=M33 in Andromeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Order_(novel)=Out of Order (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Patch=The Crimson Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tinkling_Symbol=The Tinkling Symbol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandbar_Sinister=Sandbar Sinister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Cape_Cod_Tavern=The Mystery of the Cape Cod Tavern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Love_Possessed_(novel)=By Love Possessed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_the_Dictator=William the Dictator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Sword_of_the_Empire=The Broken Sword of the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killings_at_Badger's_Drift=The Killings at Badger's Drift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_(Dukaj_novel)=Ice (Dukaj novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberal_Fascism=Liberal Fascism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradox_of_Choice=The Paradox of Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_for_Skies=The Battle for Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Wave=Brain Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_Breen's_Barn=Bert Breen's Barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Life=An American Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon's_a_Balloon=The Moon's a Balloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Honor=Silent Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinkin_of_Dragon's_Wood=Rinkin of Dragon's Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Giants'_Shoulders=On Giants' Shoulders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers%3F=Finders Keepers?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singularity_(William_Sleator_novel)=Singularity (William Sleator novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_After=Now and After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontenoy_(novel)=Fontenoy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musicophilia=Musicophilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_in_Jest=Poison in Jest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arabian_Nights_Murder=The Arabian Nights Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratha_and_Thistle-chaser=Ratha and Thistle-chaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eight_of_Swords=The Eight of Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_False_Weapons=The Four False Weapons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_Who_Explained_Miracles=The Men Who Explained Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Cups_of_Tea=Three Cups of Tea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economy_and_Society=Economy and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portable_Atheist=The Portable Atheist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bottom_Billion=The Bottom Billion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Death=The Color of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Man=Political Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Times_Dizzy=Five Times Dizzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hag's_Nook=Hag's Nook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demoniacs=The Demoniacs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Spite_of_Thunder=In Spite of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch_of_the_Low_Tide=The Witch of the Low Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quantum_Prophecy=The Quantum Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2nd_Chance_(novel)=2nd Chance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Lady!=Crazy Lady!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Matters=Race Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creationists=The Creationists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shame_of_the_Nation=The Shame of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Like_It_in_the_World=Nothing Like It in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha'penny_(novel)=Ha'penny (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_a_Crown_(novel)=Half a Crown (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2081:_A_Hopeful_View_of_the_Human_Future=2081: A Hopeful View of the Human Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Ages_of_the_Universe=The Five Ages of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Son_of_the_Shoemaker=The Fifth Son of the Shoemaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gold_Slipper=A Gold Slipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Annotated_Checklist_of_the_Birds_of_the_Oriental_Region=An Annotated Checklist of the Birds of the Oriental Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corsican_Brothers=The Corsican Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_as_a_Boy_(novella)=Venus as a Boy (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Calling_(novel)=London Calling (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucifer_Principle=The Lucifer Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mar_Lodge_Estate_Grampian:_An_Archaeological_Survey=Mar Lodge Estate Grampian: An Archaeological Survey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_of_Babylon:_A_Private_Eye_Novel_1942=Dreaming of Babylon: A Private Eye Novel 1942
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Word_Book_Ever=Best Word Book Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hard_Day's_Death=A Hard Day's Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Keel=The Golden Keel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt's_Hurricane=Wyatt's Hurricane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_Blind_(Desmond_Bagley_novel)=Running Blind (Desmond Bagley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahama_Crisis=Bahama Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_(Bagley_novel)=The Enemy (Bagley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Century_for_Young_People=The Century for Young People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Night's_Foul_Work=This Night's Foul Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_the_Dragon_Tattoo=The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socks_(novel)=Socks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Dreaming_Books=The City of Dreaming Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosaic:_Pieces_of_My_Life_So_Far=Mosaic: Pieces of My Life So Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cairngorms=The Cairngorms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Peace_(novel)=The King's Peace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Name=The King's Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prize_in_the_Game=The Prize in the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Geography_of_Bliss=The Geography of Bliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Blue:_The_Novel_of_the_U.S._Air_Force=The Wild Blue: The Novel of the U.S. Air Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune's_Fool_(novel)=Fortune's Fool (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginative_Sex=Imaginative Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowloon_Tong_(novel)=Kowloon Tong (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driftglass=Driftglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Stars=Distant Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tipping_Point=The Tipping Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Labyrinth=The Battle of the Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrants_Destroyed_and_Other_Stories=Tyrants Destroyed and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fathers_and_Crows=Fathers and Crows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Heritage_and_Its_History=A Heritage and Its History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alpine_Path:_The_Story_of_My_Career=The Alpine Path: The Story of My Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opium_Season=Opium Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driftglass/Starshards=Driftglass/Starshards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark/1=Quark/1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark/2=Quark/2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark/3=Quark/3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Merchant_(novel)=The Dream Merchant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quark/4=Quark/4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Devil_Dances=When the Devil Dances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebula_Winners_Thirteen=Nebula Winners Thirteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamer_of_Dune=Dreamer of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hardcore_Diaries=The Hardcore Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Periwinkle_at_the_Full_Moon_Ball=Periwinkle at the Full Moon Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinner_Party_(play)=Dinner Party (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Days_in_Paris=Five Days in Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impulse_(Hopkins_novel)=Impulse (Hopkins novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Chance_(Kim_Campbell)=Time and Chance (Kim Campbell)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_Five=Soldier Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odalisque_(novel)=Odalisque (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aware=The Aware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Known_Space=Tales of Known Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightwings=Nightwings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilgamesh_in_the_Outback=Gilgamesh in the Outback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Blood=Back to Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_in_St._Tropez=Sunset in St. Tropez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come,_Tell_Me_How_You_Live=Come, Tell Me How You Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Declaration=Pakistan Declaration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willard_and_His_Bowling_Trophies:_A_Perverse_Mystery=Willard and His Bowling Trophies: A Perverse Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile,_You're_Traveling=Smile, You're Traveling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_of_Ireland=Lion of Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_Meets_Captain_America=Thor Meets Captain America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lick_of_Frost=A Lick of Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Forest=The Bone Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatraz_Versus_the_Evil_Librarians=Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gate_of_Ivory,_Gate_of_Horn=Gate of Ivory, Gate of Horn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wish_You_Well_(novel)=Wish You Well (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beachheads_in_Space=Beachheads in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_the_Western_Palearctic=The Birds of the Western Palearctic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Time_and_Space=Beyond Time and Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Boundaries=Far Boundaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love-Letters_Between_a_Nobleman_and_His_Sister=Love-Letters Between a Nobleman and His Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Green_Gables=Before Green Gables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_on_a_Waffle=Everything on a Waffle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waste_Land=The Waste Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bears_on_Hemlock_Mountain=The Bears on Hemlock Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expert_at_the_Card_Table=The Expert at the Card Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live=To Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Side=The Night Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outer_Reaches=The Outer Reaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahanayak_(novel)=Mahanayak (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Among_the_Ruins._A_Romance_of_the_Near_Future=Love Among the Ruins. A Romance of the Near Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unicorn_Series=The Unicorn Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Guy:_Stewie's_Guide_to_World_Domination=Family Guy: Stewie's Guide to World Domination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Bite_the_Sun=Don't Bite the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night's_Master=Night's Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirium's_Mistress=Delirium's Mistress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death's_Master=Death's Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_S.I.L.V.E.R._Series=The S.I.L.V.E.R. Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delusion's_Master=Delusion's Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Guy:_Brian's_Guide_to_Booze,_Broads,_and_the_Lost_Art_of_Being_a_Man=Family Guy: Brian's Guide to Booze, Broads, and the Lost Art of Being a Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutter_Island=Shutter Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nada_the_Lily=Nada the Lily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Other_Worlds=From Other Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonewall_Jackson_and_the_American_Civil_War=Stonewall Jackson and the American Civil War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Moon_(anthology)=The Other Side of the Moon (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_(Kennedy_novel)=Day (Kennedy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal_Without_the_Overcoat=Rizal Without the Overcoat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Was_Lost=What Was Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Europe,_New_Europe,_Core_Europe=Old Europe, New Europe, Core Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Stains=White Stains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Summer_to_Die=A Summer to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_1812:_Napoleon's_Fatal_March=Moscow 1812: Napoleon's Fatal March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_Georgie=Master Georgie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Science_Fiction_Stories_No.1=Star Science Fiction Stories No.1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portals_of_Tomorrow=Portals of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleep_No_More_(anthology)=Sleep No More (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_and_the_Dead=The Sleeping and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Ports_of_Call=Strange Ports of Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_of_Infinity=The Time of Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Come=Time to Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unquiet_Grave_(anthology)=The Unquiet Grave (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navigator_(Cussler_novel)=The Navigator (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Evil_Wakes=When Evil Wakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Knocks%3F=Who Knocks?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_the_Rhino=The Soul of the Rhino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_of_Tomorrow=Worlds of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Worlds_for_Old_(Derleth)=New Worlds for Old (Derleth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Handful_of_Darkness=A Handful of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Variable_Man_(collection)=The Variable Man (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preserving_Machine=The Preserving Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Philip_K._Dick=The Book of Philip K. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Philip_K._Dick=The Best of Philip K. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Man_(collection)=The Golden Man (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discoveries_in_Australia=Discoveries in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Secrets=Age of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_a_Boundary=Beyond a Boundary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkwalker_on_Moonshae=Darkwalker on Moonshae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robots,_Androids,_and_Mechanical_Oddities=Robots, Androids, and Mechanical Oddities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hope_I_Shall_Arrive_Soon_(collection)=I Hope I Shall Arrive Soon (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambassador_Morgenthau's_Story=Ambassador Morgenthau's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Palace=The Glass Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic_Spring=Panic Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarnished_Heisman=Tarnished Heisman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Stories_of_Philip_K._Dick=The Collected Stories of Philip K. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concept_of_the_Political=The Concept of the Political
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Footballer's_Wife=The Footballer's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Lies_the_Wub_(collection)=Beyond Lies the Wub (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunnar's_Daughter=Gunnar's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starship_Troupers=Starship Troupers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Love_(novel)=Tough Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Variety_(1989_collection)=Second Variety (1989 collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Father-Thing_(collection)=The Father-Thing (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_of_Perky_Pat_(collection)=The Days of Perky Pat (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_South_Asia._The_Ripley_Guide=Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Black_Box_(collection)=The Little Black Box (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Haired_Girl=The Dark Haired Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Short_Happy_Life_of_the_Brown_Oxford_(collection)=The Short Happy Life of the Brown Oxford (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can_Remember_It_for_You_Wholesale_(collection)=We Can Remember It for You Wholesale (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Variety_(1991_collection)=Second Variety (1991 collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minority_Report_(collection)=The Minority Report (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Sibyl_(collection)=The Eye of the Sibyl (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Coffins=99 Coffins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_Ladies_Kill%3F=Can Ladies Kill?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Choice_(novel)=The Choice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Ripper=The Green Ripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philip_K._Dick_Reader=The Philip K. Dick Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selected_Stories_of_Philip_K._Dick=Selected Stories of Philip K. Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Rites_(The_Dresden_Files)=Blood Rites (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proven_Guilty_(The_Dresden_Files)=Proven Guilty (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Night_(The_Dresden_Files)=White Night (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Beat_(The_Dresden_Files)=Dead Beat (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paycheck_(collection)=Paycheck (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Bags_Full=Three Bags Full
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_PKD=Vintage PKD
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh-day_Adventist_Hymnal=Seventh-day Adventist Hymnal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perri_(novel)=Perri (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthman's_Burden=Earthman's Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Masters!_Sweet_Ladies!=Good Masters! Sweet Ladies!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minority_Report_(2002_collection)=Minority Report (2002 collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Half_Human=Daniel Half Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Male_(novel)=Rogue Male (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shakespeare_Stealer=The Shakespeare Stealer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Ventana_(yearbook)=La Ventana (yearbook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_Fish_(novel)=Rumble Fish (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Meeting_at_Corvallis=A Meeting at Corvallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Valley_:_The_Story_Of_The_Aberdeenshire_Dee=Royal Valley : The Story Of The Aberdeenshire Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Glendower_(novel)=Owen Glendower (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liars'_Club=The Liars' Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutants_(collection)=Mutants (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_Traitor=My Life as a Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sight_(novel)=The Sight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Film_Club=The Film Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star_Road=The Star Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient,_My_Enemy=Ancient, My Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_R._Dickson's_SF_Best=Gordon R. Dickson's SF Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_Came_Ashore=A Stranger Came Ashore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_Dorsai=The Spirit of Dorsai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_and_Boy_(novel)=Man and Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_The_Quality_of_Leadership=Short Trips: The Quality of Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle_and_the_Green_Canary=Doctor Dolittle and the Green Canary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Rain=Waiting for the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Sex_with_Robots=Love and Sex with Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Fighting=Born Fighting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Iron_Years=In Iron Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Dorsai_(collection)=Lost Dorsai (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_After_Sunset=Just After Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Not_Human=Love Not Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_Lettica=Historia Lettica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoka!=Hoka!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Warning,_a_German_Tale=The Mysterious Warning, a German Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Orange_(novel)=Code Orange (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Earth_(collection)=The Man from Earth (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blessing=The Blessing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeside_(book)=Deeside (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umrao_Jaan_Ada=Umrao Jaan Ada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magicians_(Priestley_novel)=The Magicians (Priestley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_(novel)=Kiss (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Wings_of_Eagles=On Wings of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_(novel)=Nation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_(novel)=Waiting (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyaway_(novel)=Flyaway (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_in_America_and_Other_Holiday_Tales=Madeline in America and Other Holiday Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeline_and_the_Bad_Hat=Madeline and the Bad Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_Bulls=The Brave Bulls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_Made_Stupid=Culture Made Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival!=Survival!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickson!=Dickson!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunata_y_Jacinta=Fortunata y Jacinta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Brother=Steel Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avilion=Avilion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Dar_Al-Harb=Beyond the Dar Al-Harb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward!=Forward!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invaders!=Invaders!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_Children=The Lion Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_the_Plan=The Myth of the Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolfblade=Wolfblade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Beijing_(novel)=The Man from Beijing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Stuff_(book)=The Right Stuff (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Singer's_Romance=A Singer's Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dorsai_Companion=The Dorsai Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epiphany_(novel)=Epiphany (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dream=The Last Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_the_Worlds_Rejected=The Man the Worlds Rejected
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindspan=Mindspan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post-War_Dream_(novel)=The Post-War Dream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compass_of_Zen=The Compass of Zen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Bone=In the Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_(collection)=The Stranger (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Mind,_Beginner's_Mind=Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phenomenon_of_Man=The Phenomenon of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beginnings_(collection)=Beginnings (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guided_Tour_(collection)=Guided Tour (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoka!_Hoka!_Hoka!=Hoka! Hoka! Hoka!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hokas_Pokas!=Hokas Pokas!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Eternal_Love=The Island of Eternal Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Each_His_Own_(novel)=To Each His Own (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Edge=The Human Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Serling's_Triple_W:_Witches,_Warlocks_and_Werewolves=Rod Serling's Triple W: Witches, Warlocks and Werewolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristes_Tropiques=Tristes Tropiques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Myths_of_the_Spanish_Conquest=Seven Myths of the Spanish Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_in_a_Golden_Eye_(novel)=Reflections in a Golden Eye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rod_Serling's_Devils_and_Demons=Rod Serling's Devils and Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_SF=Combat SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebula_Winners_Twelve=Nebula Winners Twelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Bridge_and_the_River=Between the Bridge and the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harriers=The Harriers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_War=Blood and War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories:_1949=The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1949
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories:_1950=The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1950
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noughts_&_Crosses_(novel_series)=Noughts & Crosses (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories:_1951=The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1951
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories:_1952=The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1952
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories:_1953=The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1953
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories:_1954=The Best Science Fiction Stories: 1954
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories_and_Novels:_1955=The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1955
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories_and_Novels:_1956=The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: 1956
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_Stories_and_Novels:_Ninth_Series=The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: Ninth Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_Science_Fiction_Novels:_1952=Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1952
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_Science_Fiction_Novels:_1953=Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1953
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_Science_Fiction_Novels:_1954=Year's Best Science Fiction Novels: 1954
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psionics_Handbook=Psionics Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagination_Unlimited=Imagination Unlimited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Choice=Our Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Boy's_Book_of_Outer_Space_Stories=Every Boy's Book of Outer Space Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Science_Fiction_Stories_About_Mars=Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Compiled_Laws=Michigan Compiled Laws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Science_Fiction_Stories_About_the_Moon=Great Science Fiction Stories About the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Evolution=The Theory of Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beguilement=Beguilement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(Bujold_novel)=Legacy (Bujold novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_Ring=The Spirit Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Group_(novel)=The Group (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_among_the_Pigeons_(Cat_Royal)=Cat among the Pigeons (Cat Royal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_and_Two_H-Bombs=One Hundred and Two H-Bombs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Voyage_of_Columbus=The Last Voyage of Columbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Compulsion=Under Compulsion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_House_Trilogy=The Murder House Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Call=Hard Call
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Stories_(O'Connor)=The Complete Stories (O'Connor)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Midnight_(Rhys_novel)=Good Morning, Midnight (Rhys novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Healer's_Keep=The Healer's Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin's_Wood=Merlin's Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Suzuki:_The_Autobiography=David Suzuki: The Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Tailed_a_Thief=The Cat Who Tailed a Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Matter_of_Araby_in_Medieval_England=The Matter of Araby in Medieval England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Fire=People of the Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Earth=People of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_River=People of the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiseguy_(book)=Wiseguy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fang_Goes_Dingo=White Fang Goes Dingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_into_Death=Getting into Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_into_Death_and_Other_Stories=Getting into Death and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xenesis=Xenesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiquities_of_Mexico=Antiquities of Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_Has_Flown=The Eagle Has Flown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medalon=Medalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_and_West_(book)=East and West (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Camelot=Queen of Camelot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chemistry_of_Death=The Chemistry of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_in_Bone=Written in Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giacomo_Joyce=Giacomo Joyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sharper_Your_Knife,_the_Less_You_Cry=The Sharper Your Knife, the Less You Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biology_Today:_An_Issues_Approach=Biology Today: An Issues Approach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Encyclopedia_of_Maritime_History=Oxford Encyclopedia of Maritime History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolutionary_Biology_(textbook)=Evolutionary Biology (textbook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_13:_The_Invisible_Empire=Agent 13: The Invisible Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Day=Bright Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_EndWar_(novel)=Tom Clancy's EndWar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginotions;_Truthless_Tales=Imaginotions; Truthless Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Native_Speaker_(novel)=Native Speaker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hachiko_Waits=Hachiko Waits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Side_Gallery_4=The Far Side Gallery 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Far_Side=The Complete Far Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_as_We_Knew_It_(novel)=Life as We Knew It (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_World's_Mornings=All the World's Mornings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collins_Bird_Guide=Collins Bird Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_the_Gods_(omnibus)=Time and the Gods (omnibus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levels_of_Knowing_and_Existence=Levels of Knowing and Existence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution:_A_Manifesto=The Revolution: A Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Has_No_Favorites=Heaven Has No Favorites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me_(novel)=Trust Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Book_(novel)=People of the Book (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Hunting=Monkey Hunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Shaker=Shell Shaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Knight_(novel)=The Green Knight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantics_(novel)=The Romantics (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_the_Supreme=I, the Supreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_of_the_Elephant_(collection)=The Tower of the Elephant (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeroville=Zeroville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogues_in_the_House_(collection)=Rogues in the House (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Iron_(collection)=The Devil in Iron (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Black_Coast_(collection)=Queen of the Black Coast (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_and_the_Power=The Kingdom and the Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_of_Gwahlur_(collection)=Jewels of Gwahlur (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agent_13:_The_Serpentine_Assassin=Agent 13: The Serpentine Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_(Fallon_novel)=Warrior (Fallon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovereign_(novel)=Sovereign (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Colossus_(collection)=Black Colossus (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pool_of_the_Black_One_(collection)=The Pool of the Black One (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Chronicles,_1=The Conan Chronicles, 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Chronicles_of_Conan=The Complete Chronicles of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Talked_to_Ghosts=The Cat Who Talked to Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forlorn_River=Forlorn River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevada_(Zane_Grey_novel)=Nevada (Zane Grey novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Chronicles_(Robert_Jordan)=The Conan Chronicles (Robert Jordan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Live_Coal_in_the_Sea=A Live Coal in the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conan_Chronicles_II=The Conan Chronicles II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Further_Chronicles_of_Conan=The Further Chronicles of Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Conan=The Essential Conan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_in_Flower=Earth in Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counter-Revolutionary_Violence:_Bloodbaths_in_Fact_&_Propaganda=Counter-Revolutionary Violence: Bloodbaths in Fact & Propaganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashes_to_Ashes_(novel)=Ashes to Ashes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dracula=Little Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_Against_the_Fed=The Case Against the Fed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Construction_Project_Information_Committee=Construction Project Information Committee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Girls=2 Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_John_(novel)=Dear John (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe,_Junior=Phoebe, Junior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Black_Jungle=The Mystery of the Black Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maralinga:_Australia's_Nuclear_Waste_Cover-up=Maralinga: Australia's Nuclear Waste Cover-up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorn_Ogres_of_Hagwood=Thorn Ogres of Hagwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noise:_The_Political_Economy_of_Music=Noise: The Political Economy of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard's_Hall=Wizard's Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marxists=The Marxists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Dreaming_(novel)=California Dreaming (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abecedar=Abecedar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_of_India=Ghosts of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_Darkness_(novel)=Shining Darkness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_Trap=The Doctor Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_(novel)=Adam (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banewreaker=Banewreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflex_(novel)=Reflex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper's_Bible_Dictionary=Harper's Bible Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_of_the_Emperor=Eyes of the Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Upstairs=Something Upstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violette's_Daring_Adventure=Violette's Daring Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbed_Coil=The Barbed Coil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Cancer:_Recognition_and_Management=Skin Cancer: Recognition and Management
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhialto_the_Marvellous=Rhialto the Marvellous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_and_Obscurity=Fame and Obscurity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Thy_Father=Honor Thy Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unto_the_Sons=Unto the Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Writer's_Life=A Writer's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_and_Claw=Shadow and Claw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Field_of_Vision=The Field of Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Maravilla=La Maravilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Amber_(omnibus)=The Chronicles of Amber (omnibus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gather_Together_in_My_Name=Gather Together in My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Goes_to_Germany=Mr. Monk Goes to Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ironman_(novel)=Ironman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toward_an_Architecture=Toward an Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_This=After This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Territory_(novel)=Territory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Twilights=April Twilights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitcairn's_Island_(novel)=Pitcairn's Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lees_of_Laughter's_End=The Lees of Laughter's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battlefield_Where_The_Moon_Says_I_Love_You=The Battlefield Where The Moon Says I Love You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hills_of_Varna=The Hills of Varna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intergalactic_Kitchen=The Intergalactic Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Happiness=Against Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Opoponax=L'Opoponax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Corps_Lesbien=Le Corps Lesbien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Bunny_Suicides=The Book of Bunny Suicides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_God_on_Our_Side:_One_Man's_War_Against_an_Evangelical_Coup_in_America's_Military=With God on Our Side: One Man's War Against an Evangelical Coup in America's Military
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Star_Safari=Dark Star Safari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_and_Happy_Child=A Good and Happy Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Month_to_Live=One Month to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Moving_Day=Family Moving Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_(stories)=Cathedral (stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Ringbearer=The Last Ringbearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florentine_Histories=Florentine Histories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Root_Cellar=The Root Cellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truancy_(novel)=Truancy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretend_You_Don't_See_Her=Pretend You Don't See Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cebu_(novel)=Cebu (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_(novel)=Queens (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truesight=Truesight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesis_Alpha=Genesis Alpha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Dog=The Good Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack,_the_Giant_Killer=Jack, the Giant Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Land:_An_American_Romance=Bad Land: An American Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Casuarina_Tree=The Casuarina Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Arrangement_of_Work_Sections=Common Arrangement of Work Sections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altri_Libertini=Altri Libertini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Meaning_of_Smekday=The True Meaning of Smekday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Time_(book)=Killing Time (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viriconium_(1988_collection)=Viriconium (1988 collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viriconium_(2000_collection)=Viriconium (2000 collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anathem=Anathem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hope_They_Serve_Beer_in_Hell=I Hope They Serve Beer in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_Warholic=Laura Warholic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underdogs_(novel)=The Underdogs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Beach=Lily Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_of_My_Fathers=Faith of My Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_the_Grandchildren_Should_Know=Things the Grandchildren Should Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Hex=Hollywood Hex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(Animorphs)=The Return (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Dies_at_the_End=John Dies at the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pablo's_Tree=Pablo's Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Laughs=The Land of Laughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_and_Method=Truth and Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russka_(novel)=Russka (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_(novel)=The Forest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Matriarchal_Prehistory=The Myth of Matriarchal Prehistory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland:_Awakening=Ireland: Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Porcelain_Magician=The Porcelain Magician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_(novel)=Witness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informant_(book)=The Informant (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuktu_(novella)=Timbuktu (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Absolutely_True_Diary_of_a_Part-Time_Indian=The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5th_Horseman=The 5th Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_the_Sun_(novel)=City of the Sun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirty-First_of_February=The Thirty-First of February
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clone_Republic=The Clone Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Against_the_Stars=Men Against the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Rock=Born to Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_Before_It_Falls=The Rain Before It Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Study=Poison Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Gambit_(novel)=The Queen's Gambit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Men_Who_Stare_at_Goats=The Men Who Stare at Goats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazed_(comics)=Hazed (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_and_Tomorrow_&_The_Fairy_Chessmen=Tomorrow and Tomorrow & The Fairy Chessmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Dance=Bone Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travelers_of_Space=Travelers of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caverns_(novel)=Caverns (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Practical_Guide_to_Racism=A Practical Guide to Racism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seetee_Ship=Seetee Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Infinity=Journey to Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mixed_Men=The Mixed Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robots_Have_No_Tails=Robots Have No Tails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Night_(collection)=Judgment Night (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creatures_of_the_Night_(comics)=Creatures of the Night (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_of_Jericho=The Dead of Jericho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Paid_for_College:_A_Novel_of_Sex,_Theft,_Friendship,_and_Musical_Theater=How I Paid for College: A Novel of Sex, Theft, Friendship, and Musical Theater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Sitting=The Last Sitting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard_of_the_Crow=Wizard of the Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatelessness=Fatelessness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whitby_Witches=The Whitby Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Warlock_in_Whitby=A Warlock in Whitby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Science_Fiction_Novels=Five Science Fiction Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_in_the_Caves_of_Ice=Tom Swift in the Caves of Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_Among_the_Diamond_Makers=Tom Swift Among the Diamond Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Wireless_Message=Tom Swift and His Wireless Message
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Electric_Runabout=Tom Swift and His Electric Runabout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Submarine_Boat=Tom Swift and His Submarine Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Airship=Tom Swift and His Airship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Motor_Boat=Tom Swift and His Motor Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Motor_Cycle=Tom Swift and His Motor Cycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conflict_of_Interest_(novel)=Conflict of Interest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cancer_Journals=The Cancer Journals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mortal_Enemy=My Mortal Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epicenter_(book)=Epicenter (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Lawyer=Space Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Terrorist=The Good Terrorist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Kingdoms:_Sea_of_Wind=The Twelve Kingdoms: Sea of Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catching_the_Big_Fish=Catching the Big Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Will_Be_Tyrants=Kings Will Be Tyrants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl,_a_Man,_and_a_River=A Girl, a Man, and a River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wounded_Surgeon=The Wounded Surgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congressional_Pictorial_Directory=Congressional Pictorial Directory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_(poetry_book)=Jonah (poetry book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutant_(collection)=Mutant (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Refugees=The Refugees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shambleau_and_Others=Shambleau and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Strange_New_World=O Strange New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Trillion_Dollar_War=The Three Trillion Dollar War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ways_to_Live_Forever=Ways to Live Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Book_of_Outer_Space=The Complete Book of Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_for_Culture=Killing for Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robot_and_the_Man=The Robot and the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Leather_Diary=The Red Leather Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backtrack_(novel)=Backtrack (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Russian_Beauty_and_Other_Stories=A Russian Beauty and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattern_for_Conquest=Pattern for Conquest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_en_el_colegio=Celia en el colegio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Bad_Fantasy=The Land of Bad Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minions_of_the_Moon=Minions of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tract_of_Time=A Tract of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmic_Engineers=Cosmic Engineers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renaissance_(novel)=Renaissance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodstock_Nation_(book)=Woodstock Nation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Starmen=The Starmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iceworld=Iceworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Oliver_and_Space_Rover_on_Mars=Mel Oliver and Space Rover on Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_Unborn=Christopher Unborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_of_Earth=Northwest of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Ottla=Letters to Ottla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Planet=The Forgotten Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgar_Huntly=Edgar Huntly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Picnic_on_Mount_Kenya=No Picnic on Mount Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Cat_Massacre=The Great Cat Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi's_Truth=Gandhi's Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Bridge=Star Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Address:_Centauri=Address: Centauri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Destruct=Operation Destruct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargasso_of_Space=Sargasso of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runemarks=Runemarks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Fortress_World=This Fortress World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_to_the_End=Play to the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Duk=Donald Duk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Savva_Grudtsyn=The Tale of Savva Grudtsyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Most_Famous_Man_in_America=The Most Famous Man in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_the_Future=All About the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Fifth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Fifth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southland_(novel)=Southland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reprieve_from_Paradise=Reprieve from Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godslayer=Godslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction_Terror_Tales=Science Fiction Terror Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joseph_Smith_Papers=The Joseph Smith Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Portage_to_San_Cristobal_of_A.H.=The Portage to San Cristobal of A.H.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highways_in_Hiding=Highways in Hiding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Without_End_(Haldeman_novel)=World Without End (Haldeman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plague_Ship=Plague Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemetery_Dance_(novel)=Cemetery Dance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF:_The_Year's_Greatest_Science_Fiction_and_Fantasy=SF: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interplanetary_Hunter=Interplanetary Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Double_Hook=The Double Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lilith:_A_Snake_in_the_Grass=Lilith: A Snake in the Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_'57:_The_Year's_Greatest_Science_Fiction_and_Fantasy=SF '57: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stairway_to_Heaven:_Led_Zeppelin_Uncensored=Stairway to Heaven: Led Zeppelin Uncensored
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonial_Survey=Colonial Survey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Sought_Adventure=Two Sought Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperm_Wars=Sperm Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_Demons=Queen of Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Attractions=Coming Attractions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seedling_Stars=The Seedling Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Path_of_Unreason=Path of Unreason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Gryphon=The White Gryphon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starman's_Quest=Starman's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster:_The_Autobiography_of_an_L.A._Gang_Member=Monster: The Autobiography of an L.A. Gang Member
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tros_of_Samothrace=Tros of Samothrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flanimals:_The_Day_of_the_Bletchling=Flanimals: The Day of the Bletchling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_'58:_The_Year's_Greatest_Science_Fiction_and_Fantasy=SF '58: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SF_'59:_The_Year's_Greatest_Science_Fiction_and_Fantasy=SF '59: The Year's Greatest Science Fiction and Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivors_(Godwin_novel)=The Survivors (Godwin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_River=Crossing the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird_of_Time=The Bird of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Pirate=Purple Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grief_(novel)=Grief (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vortex_Blaster=The Vortex Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invaders_from_the_Infinite=Invaders from the Infinite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Lensman=Gray Lensman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosophical_Corps=The Philosophical Corps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_World=Hotel World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_(Muchamore_novel)=The General (Muchamore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewing_Justice=Brewing Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Storm_City=Operation Storm City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Matter_(series)=Dark Matter (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Otto=Prince Otto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Death_of_Tory_England=The Strange Death of Tory England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ebb-Tide=The Ebb-Tide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ives_(novel)=St. Ives (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Special_(short_story)=Something Special (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_Baby=Witch Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorgon's_Gaze=The Gorgon's Gaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Priests_of_Psi=The Priests of Psi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Back_Radio_Broke-Down=Yellow Back Radio Broke-Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough,_Tough_Toys_for_Tough,_Tough_Boys=Tough, Tough Toys for Tough, Tough Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_Villiers=Jenny Villiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossus_(collection)=Colossus (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drawing_of_the_Dark=The Drawing of the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_(Hislop_novel)=The Island (Hislop novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_There_No_Place_on_Earth_for_Me%3F=Is There No Place on Earth for Me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leyendas_de_Guatemala=Leyendas de Guatemala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_Frol_Skobeev=The Tale of Frol Skobeev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Frank_Herbert=The Best of Frank Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Lemuria=The Wizard of Lemuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Frank_Herbert=The Book of Frank Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worlds_of_Frank_Herbert=The Worlds of Frank Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normal_Accidents=Normal Accidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_3:_Worlds_on_Fire=Doom 3: Worlds on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactic_Empires_(anthology)=Galactic Empires (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursuit_of_the_Screamer=Pursuit of the Screamer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_divina_proportione=De divina proportione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Street_(novel)=Union Street (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limits_of_Liberty=The Limits of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going,_Going,_Gone_(novel)=Going, Going, Gone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighter_Wing:_A_Guided_Tour_of_an_Air_Force_Combat_Wing=Fighter Wing: A Guided Tour of an Air Force Combat Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies'_Night_(novel)=Ladies' Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arab_and_Jew:_Wounded_Spirits_in_a_Promised_Land=Arab and Jew: Wounded Spirits in a Promised Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hand_in_the_Bush=A Hand in the Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Light=Children of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Chinese_Brothers=The Five Chinese Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Thief=Storm Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerberus:_A_Wolf_in_the_Fold=Cerberus: A Wolf in the Fold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleopatra_(Gardner_novel)=Cleopatra (Gardner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederates_in_the_Attic=Confederates in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracles_of_Life=Miracles of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Lambert_(novel)=Louis Lambert (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22G%22_Is_for_Gumshoe="G" Is for Gumshoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22H%22_Is_for_Homicide="H" Is for Homicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kip_Brothers=The Kip Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Serpent=The Sea Serpent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Will_of_an_Eccentric=The Will of an Eccentric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irresistible_Revolution=The Irresistible Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Antifer=Captain Antifer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_Branican=Mistress Branican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claudius_Bombarnac=Claudius Bombarnac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundling_Mick=Foundling Mick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kin_of_Ata_Are_Waiting_for_You=The Kin of Ata Are Waiting for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cage_of_Eagles=A Cage of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Soul_to_Keep=My Soul to Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Girl_in_the_Ring_(novel)=Brown Girl in the Ring (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Folk=Skin Folk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_to_France=The Flight to France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archipelago_on_Fire=The Archipelago on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_at_Gettysburg=Lincoln at Gettysburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Summer_Flame=Dragons of Summer Flame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers_Aloft=The Borrowers Aloft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iso_suomen_kielioppi=Iso suomen kielioppi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_of_Florence:_A_True_Story=The Monster of Florence: A True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Robber=Midnight Robber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojo:_Conjure_Stories=Mojo: Conjure Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long_Been_Dreaming=So Long Been Dreaming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racconti_romani=Racconti romani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_of_Alien_Gods=The Cult of Alien Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eager_(novel)=Eager (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charlemagne_Pursuit=The Charlemagne Pursuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argonauts_of_the_Western_Pacific=Argonauts of the Western Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Little_Blue_Envelopes=13 Little Blue Envelopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22B%22_Is_for_Burglar="B" Is for Burglar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22C%22_Is_for_Corpse="C" Is for Corpse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22D%22_Is_for_Deadbeat="D" Is for Deadbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_the_Blood_(novel)=Prince of the Blood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22E%22_Is_for_Evidence="E" Is for Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22F%22_Is_for_Fugitive="F" Is for Fugitive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22I%22_Is_for_Innocent="I" Is for Innocent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22J%22_Is_for_Judgment="J" Is for Judgment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22K%22_Is_for_Killer="K" Is for Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22L%22_Is_for_Lawless="L" Is for Lawless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22M%22_Is_for_Malice="M" Is for Malice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22N%22_Is_for_Noose="N" Is for Noose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22O%22_Is_for_Outlaw="O" Is for Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22P%22_Is_for_Peril="P" Is for Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Q%22_Is_for_Quarry="Q" Is for Quarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22R%22_Is_for_Ricochet="R" Is for Ricochet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_at_the_Well_of_Souls=Twilight at the Well of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Haul_(autobiography)=The Long Haul (autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22S%22_Is_for_Silence="S" Is for Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22T%22_Is_for_Trespass="T" Is for Trespass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naughtiest_Girl_in_the_School=The Naughtiest Girl in the School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Light_(novel)=Blue Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_from_the_Cotton_Tree_Root=Whispers from the Cotton Tree Root
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_the_Roaring_River=Along the Roaring River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrenaline_(novel)=Adrenaline (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dare_to_Be_Scared=Dare to Be Scared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annals_of_the_Former_World=Annals of the Former World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spacehounds_of_IPC=Spacehounds of IPC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoid_Park_(novel)=Paranoid Park (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_&_Lennon=Marx & Lennon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ointment_Seller=The Ointment Seller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonehenge_in_its_landscape=Stonehenge in its landscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Call_Me_Ishmael=Don't Call Me Ishmael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Blood=The Living Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Garden_(novel)=The Forbidden Garden (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untamed_(House_of_Night_novel)=Untamed (House of Night novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Seed_(novel)=Wild Seed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedford_Handbook=The Bedford Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Worlds_Beyond=Of Worlds Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Ptath=The Book of Ptath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triplanetary_(novel)=Triplanetary (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_(novel)=Holiday (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elected_Member=The Elected Member
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saville_(novel)=Saville (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinister_Barrier=Sinister Barrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_by_Design=Dexter by Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next:_The_Future_Just_Happened=Next: The Future Just Happened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embracing_Defeat=Embracing Defeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meadows_of_Gold=The Meadows of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Heaven_(book)=Seventh Heaven (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulag:_A_History=Gulag: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skylark_of_Valeron=Skylark of Valeron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Between=The Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Martian_Odyssey_and_Others=A Martian Odyssey and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_House=The Good House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Out_of_Time=Seven Out of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodchild_and_Other_Stories=Bloodchild and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredible_Planet=The Incredible Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purple_Hibiscus_(novel)=Purple Hibiscus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Days_of_Night:_Immortal_Remains=30 Days of Night: Immortal Remains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Days_of_Night:_Rumors_of_the_Undead=30 Days of Night: Rumors of the Undead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Days_of_Night_(novelization)=30 Days of Night (novelization)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figgie_Hobbin=Figgie Hobbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Wars=Ghost Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Reckoning=Imperial Reckoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_the_King=The Coming of the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babel_(book)=Babel (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charon:_A_Dragon_at_the_Gate=Charon: A Dragon at the Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Come_(Ballard_novel)=Kingdom Come (Ballard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Useless_Death=A Useless Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Halifax,_Gentleman=John Halifax, Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sky_in_the_Morning=Red Sky in the Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lush_Life_(novel)=Lush Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scenes_of_Clerical_Life=Scenes of Clerical Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Are_Engulfed_in_Flames=When You Are Engulfed in Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodak_(book)=Kodak (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Morning_Dream=Early Morning Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ravenous=The Ravenous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witt_(book)=Witt (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worth_the_Fighting_For=Worth the Fighting For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha!_Ha!_Houdini!=Ha! Ha! Houdini!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apex_Hides_the_Hurt=Apex Hides the Hurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Lensman=First Lensman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Earth=Escape from Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Time=Masters of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake's_Tower=Jake's Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garbage_King=The Garbage King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_of_Light=The Bridge of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cometeers=The Cometeers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travel_Scholarships=Travel Scholarships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purchase_of_the_North_Pole=The Purchase of the North Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactic_Patrol_(novel)=Galactic Patrol (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subspace_Explorers=Subspace Explorers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Moon=Waking the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Is_Hell!=The Moon Is Hell!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales_1=Weird Tales 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales_2=Weird Tales 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales_3=Weird Tales 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Tales_4=Weird Tales 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreadful_Sanctuary=Dreadful Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Infinity=Beyond Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeds_of_Life=Seeds of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interpersonal_World_of_the_Infant=The Interpersonal World of the Infant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Chance_(Margaret_Clark_novel)=Fat Chance (Margaret Clark novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crystal_Horde=The Crystal Horde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Peri_(collection)=The Red Peri (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Berkut=The Berkut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolgathering=Woolgathering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legion_of_Time=The Legion of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Brother_(Doctorow_novel)=Little Brother (Doctorow novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Work=Early Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coral_Sea_(book)=The Coral Sea (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auguries_of_Innocence_(Patti_Smith_poems)=Auguries of Innocence (Patti Smith poems)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deluge_(novel)=Deluge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promised_Land_(novel)=The Promised Land (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titan_(collection)=The Titan (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Victory=Energy Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patti_Smith_Complete=Patti Smith Complete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Messenger=Strange Messenger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Stage_Lensmen=Second Stage Lensmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman's_Liberation=A Woman's Liberation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hundred-Dollar_Baby=Hundred-Dollar Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Country_My_Life=My Country My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_New_Earth=A New Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Star_Passes=The Black Star Passes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Profit=A Matter of Profit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_of_Many_Minds=Man of Many Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Normal_Christian_Life=The Normal Christian Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Space_(collection)=Deep Space (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripmaster_Monkey=Tripmaster Monkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Thousand_Years=Three Thousand Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Lens_(novel)=Children of the Lens (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation:_Outer_Space=Operation: Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G.O.G._666=G.O.G. 666
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Macdermots_of_Ballycloran=The Macdermots of Ballycloran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrant_of_Time=Tyrant of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Triple_Suns=Under the Triple Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Minds=Alien Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_of_Space=Islands of Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Buccaneer=The King's Buccaneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Civilization=The History of Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Boys=Rainbow Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_High=Rainbow High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Road_(novel)=Rainbow Road (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Sparrow=Song of the Sparrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devta=Devta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ticket_to_Ride_(book)=Ticket to Ride (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medici_Seal=The Medici Seal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heads_of_Cerberus=The Heads of Cerberus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss_of_Wonders=The Abyss of Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Edge_of_the_Dark_Sea_of_Darkness=On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airhead_(novel)=Airhead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godfrey_Morgan=Godfrey Morgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_in_the_Shadows=Hero in the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds,_Beasts,_and_Relatives=Birds, Beasts, and Relatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_and_His_Friend:_A_Story_of_Pennsylvania=Joseph and His Friend: A Story of Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversation_in_the_Cathedral=Conversation in the Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Sleep_When_I'm_Dead:_The_Dirty_Life_and_Times_of_Warren_Zevon=I'll Sleep When I'm Dead: The Dirty Life and Times of Warren Zevon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Country_Roads=A Thousand Country Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Piece_of_Ground=A Little Piece of Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_from_Akira_to_Princess_Mononoke=Anime from Akira to Princess Mononoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screwed:_The_Truth_About_Life_as_a_Prison_Officer=Screwed: The Truth About Life as a Prison Officer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Your_Own_Damn_Movie!=Make Your Own Damn Movie!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surviving_Antarctica:_Reality_TV_2083=Surviving Antarctica: Reality TV 2083
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Defender=Conan the Defender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant:_Playing_with_Fire=Skulduggery Pleasant: Playing with Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_Rizaliana=Encyclopedia Rizaliana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewable_Electricity_and_the_Grid=Renewable Electricity and the Grid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apocalypse_(novel)=Apocalypse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firestar's_Quest=Firestar's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Walking=Still Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acts_of_Literature=Acts of Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservation_Blues=Reservation Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Death_(novel)=The Black Death (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Husband_of_Zebra_Drive=The Good Husband of Zebra Drive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Melons=Magical Melons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Toad=The House of the Toad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_William_(novel)=Sweet William (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_at_Speedy_Motors=The Miracle at Speedy Motors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Greatest_African_Americans=100 Greatest African Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Book_of_Modern_Science_Writing=The Oxford Book of Modern Science Writing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_French_and_the_Starvel_Tragedy=Inspector French and the Starvel Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exploits_of_Solar_Pons=The Exploits of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Loss_of_Vietnam=History of the Loss of Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Fears=The Early Fears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Songs_of_a_Sentimental_Bloke=The Songs of a Sentimental Bloke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Forest=Shadow Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottoline_and_the_Yellow_Cat=Ottoline and the Yellow Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Monster_is_Born=When a Monster is Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catcall_(novel)=Catcall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_the_Terrible_(novel)=Ivan the Terrible (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_(book)=Penguin (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Mouse's_Big_Book_of_Fears=Little Mouse's Big Book of Fears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Bexley_and_the_Big_Blue_Beastie=Dexter Bexley and the Big Blue Beastie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waterworks=The Waterworks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_of_the_Snake=Smoke of the Snake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Loco=Going Loco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Over_Innsmouth=Shadows Over Innsmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoneheart=Stoneheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Change_of_Heart_(novel)=Change of Heart (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental=The Accidental
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Tale=A Dog's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Stalks_the_Night=Death Stalks the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_the_Forest=Daughter of the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animal_Family=The Animal Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Faith=Saving Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kampung_Boy=The Kampung Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Degrees:_Our_Future_on_a_Hotter_Planet=Six Degrees: Our Future on a Hotter Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Ox=Doctor Ox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterknowledge=Counterknowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Shadows=Son of the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventure_of_the_Singular_Sandwich=The Adventure of the Singular Sandwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_the_Prophecy=Child of the Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Recollections_of_Solar_Pons=The Recollections of Solar Pons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loitering_with_Intent=Loitering with Intent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Philip_Roth_Reader=A Philip Roth Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economy_of_God=The Economy of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Power=Citizen Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prador_Moon=Prador Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Sleep=Love & Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Number_One,_Flat-Out,_All-Time_Great_Stock_Car_Racing_Book=The World's Number One, Flat-Out, All-Time Great Stock Car Racing Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_on_Eden=Marooned on Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Bi=Getting Bi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Tales_(Wandrei)=Three Tales (Wandrei)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Burial=Time Burial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin:_The_Downfall_1945=Berlin: The Downfall 1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_the_Fox=Finding the Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Initiation_Into_Hermetics=Initiation Into Hermetics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Pin=The Last Pin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrath_of_a_Mad_God=Wrath of a Mad God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Nighthawks=Flight of the Nighthawks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder_Evils=Elder Evils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kali's_Child=Kali's Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus,_Thongs_and_Full-Frontal_Snogging=Angus, Thongs and Full-Frontal Snogging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Dream=Don't Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saturdays_(novel)=The Saturdays (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_Below=The Door Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Stories_of_R._Chetwynd-Hayes=The Vampire Stories of R. Chetwynd-Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchantress_of_Florence=The Enchantress of Florence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exorcisms_and_Ecstasies=Exorcisms and Ecstasies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sputnik_Caledonia=Sputnik Caledonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sri_Sri_Ramakrishna_Kathamrita=Sri Sri Ramakrishna Kathamrita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sand_Dwellers=The Sand Dwellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Coven_of_Vampires=A Coven of Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prisoner_of_Birth=A Prisoner of Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocker's_Arithmetick=Cocker's Arithmetick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_in_the_Night=Whispers in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Sky_River_(novel)=Great Sky River (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dread_Mountain=Dread Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Contract_with_the_Earth=A Contract with the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Genes=Evil Genes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_of_Jonathan_Oldstyle,_Gent.=Letters of Jonathan Oldstyle, Gent.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Stories_from_Shakespeare=Beautiful Stories from Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Isle_of_Illusion=The Isle of Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadowlands=The Shadowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_of_the_Dead_(Deltora_book)=Isle of the Dead (Deltora book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Nest=Dragon's Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sister_of_the_South=The Sister of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Theft_Jesus=Grand Theft Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castaways_of_the_Flag=The Castaways of the Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Bridge_Called_My_Back=This Bridge Called My Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armageddon_in_Retrospect=Armageddon in Retrospect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bluejacket's_Manual=The Bluejacket's Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Detectives=Dark Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsblood_Royal=Kingsblood Royal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottled_in_Blonde=Bottled in Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klingsor's_Last_Summer=Klingsor's Last Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_(collection)=Frost (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Logic_of_Life=The Logic of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nonexistent_Knight=The Nonexistent Knight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Gossip=Death of a Gossip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Mysteries=Three Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acolytes_of_Cthulhu=Acolytes of Cthulhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eerie_Mr._Murphy=The Eerie Mr. Murphy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Companion_to_Wine=The Oxford Companion to Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Sky_Racer=Tom Swift and His Sky Racer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_CIA_and_the_Cult_of_Intelligence=The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Electric_Rifle=Tom Swift and His Electric Rifle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_Shadows_Over_Innsmouth=Weird Shadows Over Innsmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ally_(novel)=Ally (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judge_(novel)=Judge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_in_the_City_of_Gold=Tom Swift in the City of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Streets=The Deadly Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obedience_to_Authority:_An_Experimental_View=Obedience to Authority: An Experimental View
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Air_Glider=Tom Swift and His Air Glider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foreign_Policy_of_Freedom=A Foreign Policy of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Out_of_My_Sky=Get Out of My Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Getting_of_Wisdom=The Getting of Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Islands=To the Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irishman=The Irishman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Intelligence%3F=What Is Intelligence?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Dreamworld_of_a_Shopaholic=The Secret Dreamworld of a Shopaholic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_in_Captivity=Tom Swift in Captivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procession_of_the_Dead_(novel)=Procession of the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biology_for_Christian_Schools=Biology for Christian Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melting_of_Maggie_Bean=The Melting of Maggie Bean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cupboard_Under_the_Stairs=The Cupboard Under the Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Wizard_Camera=Tom Swift and His Wizard Camera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slow_Natives=The Slow Natives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owls_to_Athens=Owls to Athens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraterrestrial_Civilizations=Extraterrestrial Civilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aavarana=Aavarana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worse_Things_Waiting=Worse Things Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostbite_(Richelle_Mead_novel)=Frostbite (Richelle Mead novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_the_Tiny_Horse=Tim the Tiny Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switchers_(novel)=Switchers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaag_at_Sikat=Banaag at Sikat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Lands,_Other_Days=Far Lands, Other Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TIM_Defender_of_the_Earth=TIM Defender of the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murgunstrumm_and_Others=Murgunstrumm and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trap_(novel)=Trap (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Larks_and_Heroes=Bring Larks and Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckskin_Brigades=Buckskin Brigades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_of_Slender_Means=The Girls of Slender Means
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Justice_(novel)=Rough Justice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glamour_Girl_(novel)=Glamour Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janissary_Tree=The Janissary Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Episode_of_Sparrows=An Episode of Sparrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lonely_Vigils=Lonely Vigils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Bus_to_Woodstock=Last Bus to Woodstock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelation_(Sansom_novel)=Revelation (Sansom novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Cheers_for_the_Paraclete=Three Cheers for the Paraclete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waltz_Invention=The Waltz Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eudaemonic_Pie=The Eudaemonic Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Great_Searchlight=Tom Swift and His Great Searchlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_(novel)=Skinny (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quantity_Theory_of_Insanity=The Quantity Theory of Insanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia_en_el_mundo=Celia en el mundo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Giant_Cannon=Tom Swift and His Giant Cannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Photo_Telephone=Tom Swift and His Photo Telephone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shame_the_Devil=Shame the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Wonder_(novel)=Boy Wonder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Area_(book)=Grey Area (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burden_of_Proof=The Burden of Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Straw_for_Nothing=Clean Straw for Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_Decision=War and Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slam_(novel)=Slam (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_Smell_of_Psychosis=The Sweet Smell of Psychosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_L=One L
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vindicated_(book)=Vindicated (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Posse_of_Princesses=A Posse of Princesses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_a_Traveller=Tales of a Traveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermita_(novel)=Ermita (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Everybody=Here Comes Everybody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_in_the_Built_Environment=Crisis in the Built Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Lecture=The Last Lecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Duanes_(novel)=Last of the Duanes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Crunchers=Super Crunchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Second_Chance_(novel)=No Second Chance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Harpole_Report=The Harpole Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republic_of_Wine=The Republic of Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Sailor_(novel)=Hello Sailor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parenting,_Inc.=Parenting, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulata_de_tal=Mulata de tal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Stream=The Time Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_No_One_(novel)=Tell No One (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'isola_di_Arturo=L'isola di Arturo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mightiest_Machine=The Mightiest Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Blackout=Final Blackout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Situ_Britanniae=De Situ Britanniae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loch=The Loch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journal_&_The_114th,_1861_to_1865=The Journal & The 114th, 1861 to 1865
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Nothing_Else_Matters=When Nothing Else Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother,_My_Executioner=My Brother, My Executioner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_Full_of_Married_Men=The World Is Full of Married Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Peculiar_People=A Peculiar People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_House=Murder House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greasy_Lake_&_Other_Stories=Greasy Lake & Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Zorro=Tales of Zorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Growling_Place=A Growling Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_of_Sri_Ramakrishna=The Gospel of Sri Ramakrishna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian:_A_Christmas_Story=Julian: A Christmas Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Moped_with_Chrome-plated_Handlebars_at_the_Back_of_the_Yard%3F=Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Shot_(novel)=Blood Shot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonehenge_(novel)=Stonehenge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Man_(novel)=The Great Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight's_Choice_(novel)=Midnight's Choice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mislaid_Charm=The Mislaid Charm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_Equilateral_(collection)=Venus Equilateral (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inequality_by_Design=Inequality by Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Life_of_Ivan_Osokin=Strange Life of Ivan Osokin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Parents=The Good Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stiff_(novel)=Stiff (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Blood_(novel)=Wild Blood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ethical_Assassin=The Ethical Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equality;_or,_A_History_of_Lithconia=Equality; or, A History of Lithconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Australian_Guide_to_Legal_Citation=Australian Guide to Legal Citation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_in_the_Moon=Faces in the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_Heart_Boy=Pig Heart Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unexpected_Guest_(novel)=The Unexpected Guest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider's_Web_(novel)=Spider's Web (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Lessons=Hard Lessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Pollocks_Crossing=The Battle of Pollocks Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_Summer=A Day in Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Which_Witch%3F_(novel)=Which Witch? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spare_Room=The Spare Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Other_People=The Book of Other People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_En_Large=Women En Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Hundred_Years_Hence=Three Hundred Years Hence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Babel=After Babel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finishing_School=The Finishing School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me_(Mary_Higgins_Clark_novel)=Remember Me (Mary Higgins Clark novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmagundi_(periodical)=Salmagundi (periodical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suffrage_of_Elvira=The Suffrage of Elvira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Sorcery=Without Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Killer=Indian Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_(novel)=On (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Season_in_Sinji=A Season in Sinji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Torch_(novel)=The Torch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_on_Iraq:_What_Team_Bush_Doesn't_Want_You_to_Know=War on Iraq: What Team Bush Doesn't Want You to Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_Mage=The Innocent Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homunculus=The Homunculus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_of_Mijak=Empress of Mijak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_Creation=Lords of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiles_of_Time=Exiles of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Theft_Childhood=Grand Theft Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riven_Kingdom=The Riven Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fairy-tale_Detectives=The Fairy-tale Detectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Po-on_(novel)=Po-on (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauprat=Mauprat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Conflict=The Eternal Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel's_Game=The Angel's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomad_(novel)=Nomad (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Decides=The Lady Decides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cultural_depictions_of_Matthew_Shepard=Cultural depictions of Matthew Shepard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problem_Child=The Problem Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Spot=The Blind Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty_(Zoey_Dean_novel)=American Beauty (Zoey Dean novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Are_You_Now%3F_(novel)=Where Are You Now? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signs_of_Life_(novel)=Signs of Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_a_Born_Liar=I'm a Born Liar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Gas:_The_End_of_the_Age_of_Oil=Out of Gas: The End of the Age of Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Hetty_Did=What Hetty Did
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpole_&_Foxberrow_General_Publishers=Harpole & Foxberrow General Publishers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Steeple_Sinderby_Wanderers_Won_the_F.A._Cup=How Steeple Sinderby Wanderers Won the F.A. Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slight_Demonstration=A Slight Demonstration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Queen:_Sex_and_the_Evolution_of_Human_Nature=The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayers_for_Rain=Prayers for Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_(Auster_novel)=Leviathan (Auster novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Infamy_series=Days of Infamy series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Spanish_Peasant=Requiem for a Spanish Peasant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushing_the_Bear=Pushing the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nemesis_of_Faith=The Nemesis of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassini=The Assassini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebuilding_Coventry=Rebuilding Coventry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belladonna_(novel)=Belladonna (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Gold_Mountain=On Gold Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Checklist_of_Fantastic_Literature=The Checklist of Fantastic Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Goes_There%3F_(collection)=Who Goes There? (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_of_Sleep=Slaves of Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Below=The World Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Industrial_Prisoner=The Unknown Industrial Prisoner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidewise_in_Time_(collection)=Sidewise in Time (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heath_Ledger:_His_Beautiful_Life_and_Mysterious_Death=Heath Ledger: His Beautiful Life and Mysterious Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsmen_of_the_Dragon=Kinsmen of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Angelo=Private Angelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_on_My_Hands=Space on My Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_of_Aesir=Cloak of Aesir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Continuing_Revolution=The Continuing Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Zebra=Crooked Zebra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brethren_(novel)=Brethren (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversational_Capital=Conversational Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior's_Return=Warrior's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Millennium_VI=Murder in Millennium VI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Platform=Space Platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Tug_(novel)=Space Tug (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Have_All_the_Leaders_Gone%3F=Where Have All the Leaders Gone?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction_Carnival=Science Fiction Carnival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Scarface=Son of Scarface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Tales=Fox Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxy's_Baby=Roxy's Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Atom=Empire of the Atom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Colossus=The Fall of Colossus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flower_Net=Flower Net
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F_The_Fantastic_Journey=Where's Wally? The Fantastic Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally_Now%3F=Where's Wally Now?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Notice=Black Notice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Saurials=Song of the Saurials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_of_the_Dead_Army_(novel)=The General of the Dead Army (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicle_in_Stone=Chronicle in Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Brother:_The_Lives_and_Music_of_Jeff_and_Tim_Buckley=Dream Brother: The Lives and Music of Jeff and Tim Buckley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Bonny_Light_Horseman=My Bonny Light Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Avalon_/_The_White_Sybil=Men of Avalon / The White Sybil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock_and_Key=Lock and Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Mountain=Mars Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Creator_(novelette)=The Creator (novelette)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Efficient_Society=The Efficient Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_American_Baseball_Card_Flipping,_Trading_and_Bubble_Gum_Book=The Great American Baseball Card Flipping, Trading and Bubble Gum Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Many-Splendoured_Thing=A Many-Splendoured Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Evidence=Behind the Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Fear_and_Other_Stories=The Garden of Fear and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_War=Line War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World:_A_Story_of_Undersea_Discovery_and_Adventure=The Silent World: A Story of Undersea Discovery and Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centurion_(novel)=Centurion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interior_(novel)=The Interior (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_(novel)=Daddy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Single_Man_(novel)=A Single Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eastern_Origins_of_Western_Civilisation=The Eastern Origins of Western Civilisation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_People_(novel)=The Night People (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Unknown_(collection)=Out of the Unknown (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Things_Ending=Against All Things Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dark=The Last Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Formidable=Conan the Formidable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fermata=The Fermata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasyl=Brasyl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucy_Sullivan_Is_Getting_Married=Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elite_da_Tropa=Elite da Tropa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Korean_Culture=Encyclopedia of Korean Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doosan_Encyclopedia=Doosan Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicked_Lovely=Wicked Lovely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_the_Moon=Keeping the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fraction_of_the_Whole=A Fraction of the Whole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunken_World=The Sunken World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Transmissions=Short Trips: Transmissions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death's_Deputy=Death's Deputy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Faithful_Narrative_of_the_Surprising_Work_of_God_in_the_Conversion_of_Many_Hundred_Souls_in_Northampton=A Faithful Narrative of the Surprising Work of God in the Conversion of Many Hundred Souls in Northampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underdog_(novel)=The Underdog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radio_Man=The Radio Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Details_of_a_Sunset_and_Other_Stories=Details of a Sunset and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Otterbury_Incident=The Otterbury Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Works_of_M._P._Shiel=The Works of M. P. Shiel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Bones=Dragon Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cosmic_Geoids_and_One_Other=The Cosmic Geoids and One Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingslayer=The Kingslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Rats=War of the Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planets_of_Adventure=Planets of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Expert_in_Murder=An Expert in Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Meat_and_the_Bully_Burgers=Wild Meat and the Bully Burgers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beautiful_Mommy=My Beautiful Mommy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Madness=Murder Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decline_of_the_English_Murder=Decline of the English Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radium_Pool=The Radium Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Film_Location_Guide=London Film Location Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Solitary_Witness=In Solitary Witness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loss_and_Gain=Loss and Gain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Chorb=The Return of Chorb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triton_(collection)=Triton (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_of_Wonder_(collection)=Worlds of Wonder (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stellar_Missiles=The Stellar Missiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Bedrooms=Imperial Bedrooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Island_(novel)=Wolf Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan's_Appeal=Ivan's Appeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilda_Joyce:_Psychic_Investigator=Gilda Joyce: Psychic Investigator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Serbian_Historiography=Encyclopedia of Serbian Historiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Widows_of_Eastwick=The Widows of Eastwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azincourt_(novel)=Azincourt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_Race_(novel)=The Rat Race (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Institutes_of_the_Lawes_of_England=Institutes of the Lawes of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_12,000_Years=After 12,000 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leven_Thumps_and_the_Wrath_of_Ezra=Leven Thumps and the Wrath of Ezra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omnibus_of_Time=The Omnibus of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Aerial_Warship=Tom Swift and His Aerial Warship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Meadows_Massacre_(book)=The Mountain Meadows Massacre (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_the_Prophets=Blood of the Prophets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Other=The Dark Other
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Universe=The Hidden Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toymaker=The Toymaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doorways_to_Space=Doorways to Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Food_and_Cooking=On Food and Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Star=The Iron Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums,_Girls,_and_Dangerous_Pie=Drums, Girls, and Dangerous Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atom_Clock=The Atom Clock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecology:_From_Individuals_to_Ecosystems=Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drome_(novel)=Drome (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiefs_(novel)=Chiefs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Fire_(novel)=Green Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steampunk_(anthology)=Steampunk (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Room_Is_Empty=The Beautiful Room Is Empty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Us_from_Evil:_Defeating_Terrorism,_Despotism,_and_Liberalism=Deliver Us from Evil: Defeating Terrorism, Despotism, and Liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planet_of_Youth=The Planet of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christ_in_Concrete=Christ in Concrete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Brand:_The_Man_and_His_Work=Max Brand: The Man and His Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science-Fantasy_Quintette=Science-Fantasy Quintette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Twin=Fantasy Twin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Under_Cross_Examination=Gandhi Under Cross Examination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farewell_Symphony=The Farewell Symphony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A.D.:_New_Orleans_After_the_Deluge=A.D.: New Orleans After the Deluge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadratic_(collection)=Quadratic (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Worlds_(collection)=Strange Worlds (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Red,_Snow_White=Blood Red, Snow White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_for_Algernon=Flowers for Algernon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_King's_Tomb=The High King's Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Inconvenient_Truth_(book)=An Inconvenient Truth (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_of_Fire_(novel)=Fields of Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_Mr._Hempher,_The_British_Spy_to_the_Middle_East=Memoirs of Mr. Hempher, The British Spy to the Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_of_the_British_Flora=Atlas of the British Flora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Run=The Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Crimes=Capital Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirt_(novel)=Dirt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Brother,_My_Sister,_and_I=My Brother, My Sister, and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Rain_My_Drink=And the Rain My Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_and_Sorcery=Science and Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardrift_and_Other_Fantastic_Flotsam=Stardrift and Other Fantastic Flotsam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_of_Exiles=Island of Exiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_the_Colorblind=The Island of the Colorblind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Flower_and_the_Secret_Fan=Snow Flower and the Secret Fan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantean_Chronicles=Atlantean Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_Project:_Shifting_from_Oil_to_Hydrogen=The Phoenix Project: Shifting from Oil to Hydrogen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garan_the_Eternal=Garan the Eternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin_Science-Fantasy_Booklet_Number_One=Griffin Science-Fantasy Booklet Number One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Comet=People of the Comet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noite_(novel)=Noite (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Machine_God_Laughs=The Machine God Laughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_Maiden=The Moon Maiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Index_to_Fantasy_and_Science_Fiction_in_Munsey_Publications=Index to Fantasy and Science Fiction in Munsey Publications
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Middle_Moffat=The Middle Moffat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufus_M.=Rufus M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Flames=Through the Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Acolyte_(novel)=The Acolyte (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Marketers_Are_Liars=All Marketers Are Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ash_Garden=The Ash Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Civilization=Against Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gli_indifferenti=Gli indifferenti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_and_the_Frost_Giants=Odd and the Frost Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Public_Image=The Public Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood,_Tears_and_Folly=Blood, Tears and Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post-American_World=The Post-American World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indignation_(novel)=Indignation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Answer_to_History=Answer to History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_of_Darkhold=The Diamond of Darkhold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Not_Easy_Being_a_Bunny=It's Not Easy Being a Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rabouilleuse=La Rabouilleuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Loud_a_Solitude=Too Loud a Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Port_of_Peril=The Port of Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiftieth_Gate=The Fiftieth Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwellers_in_the_Mirage=Dwellers in the Mirage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_Etched_in_Blood_and_Hard_Black_Pencil=A Tale Etched in Blood and Hard Black Pencil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Island_Biogeography=The Theory of Island Biogeography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peak_(novel)=Peak (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mango_Tree=The Mango Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chances_(novel)=Chances (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucky_(Collins_novel)=Lucky (Collins novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/333:_A_Bibliography_of_the_Science-Fantasy_Novel=333: A Bibliography of the Science-Fantasy Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Tharn=The Return of Tharn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Werewolf_of_Ponkert=The Werewolf of Ponkert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shack=The Shack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Golden_Anniversary_Bibliography_of_Edgar_Rice_Burroughs=A Golden Anniversary Bibliography of Edgar Rice Burroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorrows_of_an_American=The Sorrows of an American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gent_from_Bear_Creek=A Gent from Bear Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pride_of_Bear_Creek=The Pride of Bear Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Mike=Mrs. Mike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popper_and_After=Popper and After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Janus_Man=The Janus Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blasting_and_Bombardiering=Blasting and Bombardiering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goddess_of_Ganymede=The Goddess of Ganymede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Shadows_(collection)=Red Shadows (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolae_High=Nicolae High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singers_in_the_Shadows=Singers in the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Blades_of_Black_Cathay=Red Blades of Black Cathay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanar_of_Pellucidar=Tanar of Pellucidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brokedown_Palace_(novel)=Brokedown Palace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Boss=Lady Boss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta:_Lucky's_Revenge=Vendetta: Lucky's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Kiss=Dangerous Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drop_Dead_Beautiful=Drop Dead Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman's_Agreement_(novel)=Gentleman's Agreement (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Finlay_(book)=Virgil Finlay (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchers_of_Valhalla=Marchers of Valhalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_from_an_Iron_Harp=Echoes from an Iron Harp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sowers_of_the_Thunder_(collection)=The Sowers of the Thunder (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Big_Tunnel=Tom Swift and His Big Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Hitchcock_and_the_Making_of_Psycho=Alfred Hitchcock and the Making of Psycho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mark_of_the_Lion_Series=Mark of the Lion Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lone_Star_Ranger=The Lone Star Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred_Secret_Senses=The Hundred Secret Senses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_in_Low_Places_(novel)=Friends in Low Places (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sasquatch_(novel)=Sasquatch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_of_the_Ten=The Temple of the Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigers_of_the_Sea=Tigers of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worms_of_the_Earth_(collection)=Worms of the Earth (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_a_Counter_Culture=The Making of a Counter Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renewable_Energy_Sources_and_Climate_Change_Mitigation=Renewable Energy Sources and Climate Change Mitigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miriam_(short_story)=Miriam (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthology_of_Black_Humor=Anthology of Black Humor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almuric=Almuric
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oreo_(novel)=Oreo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wyrmling_Horde=The Wyrmling Horde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgil_Finlay:_An_Astrology_Sketchbook=Virgil Finlay: An Astrology Sketchbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Many_Ways=House of Many Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Storm=Out of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(book)=Revolution (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bowl_of_Baal=The Bowl of Baal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Banner_of_Joan=The Banner of Joan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Writing_on_the_Hearth=The Writing on the Hearth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Your_Poo_Telling_You%3F=What's Your Poo Telling You?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Man_&_Other_Tales_of_the_Ring=The Iron Man & Other Tales of the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Celt=The Last Celt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Vulmea's_Vengeance=Black Vulmea's Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upon_the_Winds_of_Yesterday_and_Other_Explorations=Upon the Winds of Yesterday and Other Explorations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_a_Computer_Scientist_Rarely_Talks_About=Things a Computer Scientist Rarely Talks About
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Bow=Lords of the Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronicles_of_Lucius_Leffing=The Chronicles of Lucius Leffing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldbinder=Worldbinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swine_Not%3F=Swine Not?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin_Pirate_Stories=Griffin Pirate Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Freedom_Ring:_Winning_the_War_of_Liberty_over_Liberalism=Let Freedom Ring: Winning the War of Liberty over Liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thama_Stories=The Thama Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daz_4_Zoe=Daz 4 Zoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/School_Days_(novel)=School Days (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adeline's_Dream=Adeline's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morning_Gift=The Morning Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tal:_His_Marvelous_Adventures_with_Noom-Zor-Noom=Tal: His Marvelous Adventures with Noom-Zor-Noom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You're_Reading_This,_It's_Too_Late=If You're Reading This, It's Too Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dating_Hamlet=Dating Hamlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_of_X=The Dream of X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_General's_Daughter=The Martian General's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowboys_for_Christ=Cowboys for Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_That_Dog=Love That Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Quiet_on_the_Orient_Express=All Quiet on the Orient Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equality_(novel)=Equality (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_God's_Shadow=Black God's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Mars=Return to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Palladins=The Three Palladins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funeral_Rites_(novel)=Funeral Rites (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sense_of_the_World=A Sense of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_of_Dreams:_A_Clark_Ashton_Smith_Bibliography=Emperor of Dreams: A Clark Ashton Smith Bibliography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_in_a_Blue_Moon_(stories)=Once in a Blue Moon (stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_War=The Children's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Pen_of_Joseph_Clement_Coll=The Magic Pen of Joseph Clement Coll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Anti-Catholicism=The New Anti-Catholicism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Owl=Downtown Owl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genius_Squad=Genius Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Babies=Pagan Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Austin's_Age_of_Dreams=Alicia Austin's Age of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cause_Celeb=Cause Celeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazaar_of_the_Bizarre_(collection)=Bazaar of the Bizarre (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_for_Animal_Rights=The Case for Animal Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_of_Dracula=The Revenge of Dracula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Providence=Act of Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_of_Azrael=The Road of Azrael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_Witch_(novel)=Water Witch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Wolf=The Black Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etty_Hillesum_and_the_Flow_of_Presence=Etty Hillesum and the Flow of Presence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luxe=The Luxe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micronations:_The_Lonely_Planet_Guide_to_Home-Made_Nations=Micronations: The Lonely Planet Guide to Home-Made Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghoul_(novel)=Ghoul (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Faraway_Tree_(novel)=The Magic Faraway Tree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Rabbit_Belongs_to_Emily_Brown=That Rabbit Belongs to Emily Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hugo_Pepper=Hugo Pepper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_Crane=Fergus Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_Absurdia=The Emperor of Absurdia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pig_Who_Saved_the_World=The Pig Who Saved the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_the_Dish_and_the_Spoon=The Adventures of the Dish and the Spoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wibbly_Pig's_Silly_Big_Bear=Wibbly Pig's Silly Big Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Coriander=I, Coriander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dancing_Tiger=The Dancing Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spilled_Water=Spilled Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscuit_Bear=Biscuit Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_Busting=Cloud Busting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Brother,_Boris=My Big Brother, Boris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartholomew_and_the_Bug=Bartholomew and the Bug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire-Eaters=The Fire-Eaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch's_Children_and_the_Queen=The Witch's Children and the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Castaways=The Last Castaways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadpole's_Promise=Tadpole's Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Various=The Various
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Frogs=Two Frogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fangland=Fangland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Partners_(book)=The Partners (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_in_the_Land_of_Wonders=Tom Swift in the Land of Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovecraft's_Providence_and_Adjacent_Parts=Lovecraft's Providence and Adjacent Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayhem_on_Bear_Creek=Mayhem on Bear Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ombria_in_Shadow=Ombria in Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infamous_(novel)=Infamous (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempted_(von_Ziegesar_novel)=Tempted (von Ziegesar novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Sky:_A_Memoir=The Other Side of the Sky: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Taxes=Raising Taxes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawks_of_Outremer_(collection)=Hawks of Outremer (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Precipice=The Precipice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_of_Sleep=Fields of Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writings_and_Drawings=Writings and Drawings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urn_Burial_(novel)=Urn Burial (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lotus_Caves=The Lotus Caves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazzy_in_the_Jungle=Jazzy in the Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Pesky_Rat=That Pesky Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Diary=Pirate Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Movement_From_1854_to_1890=History of the Movement From 1854 to 1890
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pizza_Kittens=Pizza Kittens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Sun_&_Other_Stories=Into the Sun & Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_and_Arabella=Oscar and Arabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubuntu_Hacks=Ubuntu Hacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vision_of_Doom=A Vision of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_the_Humpback_Whale=Songs of the Humpback Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prosecution_of_George_W._Bush_for_Murder=The Prosecution of George W. Bush for Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potshot_(novel)=Potshot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_the_Dead=Lord of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durandal_(novel)=Durandal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo_da_Vinci,_A_Memory_of_His_Childhood=Leonardo da Vinci, A Memory of His Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creep_to_Death=Creep to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_Dream=Scarlet Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Somnambulist=The Somnambulist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty-Six_(novel)=Twenty-Six (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Hoax=Beyond the Hoax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persistence_of_Vision=The Persistence of Vision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H._P._Lovecraft:_Against_the_World,_Against_Life=H. P. Lovecraft: Against the World, Against Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Spaces=Real Spaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Man_and_His_Bog=One Man and His Bog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kill-Off_(novel)=The Kill-Off (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_8th_Confession=The 8th Confession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Life_(novel)=Run for Your Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallucinating_Foucault=Hallucinating Foucault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alice_B._Toklas_Cookbook=The Alice B. Toklas Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Digital=Born Digital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_the_Northern_Spring=Child of the Northern Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Lips_of_Thibong_Linh=The Wonderful Lips of Thibong Linh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_It_Is_Written=As It Is Written
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selected_Poems_of_Henry_Ames_Blood=Selected Poems of Henry Ames Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Stood_the_Wind_for_France=Fair Stood the Wind for France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God:_A_Biography=God: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_More_Perfect_Union:_Advancing_New_American_Rights=A More Perfect Union: Advancing New American Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(Lupica_novel)=Heat (Lupica novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Reed=The Living Reed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Freeze=Terminal Freeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ghost_in_the_Machine=A Ghost in the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(The_Legend_of_the_Ice_People_novel)=Spellbound (The Legend of the Ice People novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celia,_lo_que_dice=Celia, lo que dice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coffin_Quilt=The Coffin Quilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pygmy_(novel)=Pygmy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter_(novel)=Jupiter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elfin_Ship=The Elfin Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Moon_(novel)=The Man in the Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerve_(novel)=Nerve (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persistence_of_Memory_(novel)=The Persistence of Memory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_Jodie=My Sister Jodie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_3_Mistakes_of_My_Life=The 3 Mistakes of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Way_Home=On the Way Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_from_Home=West from Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stillness_at_Appomattox=A Stillness at Appomattox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Order_of_the_Gumm_Street_Girls=The Secret Order of the Gumm Street Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_Last_Man_Peak=Escape to Last Man Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Fifteenth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fifteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autograph_Man=The Autograph Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understood_Betsy=Understood Betsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_(novel)=Secrets (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaceship_Medic=Spaceship Medic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Bees=The Glass Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Synthetic_Environment=Our Synthetic Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_the_Villainess=Becoming the Villainess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Healing_House_of_Prayer=A Healing House of Prayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starclimber=Starclimber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_About_Jane_Spring=The Thing About Jane Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Mind=Empire of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lions_in_the_Street=Lions in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writing_War=Writing War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Dreams_(book)=Sweet Dreams (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_of_My_Familiar=The Temple of My Familiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Screen=Hell Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_a_Velvet_Cloak=Under a Velvet Cloak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_War_Tank=Tom Swift and His War Tank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happened=What Happened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Sanction=The Bourne Sanction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Street_(book)=Easy Street (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Fields=The Dark Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_on_First_(novel)=Who's on First (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Private_Plot=A Very Private Plot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Republic,_Not_an_Empire=A Republic, Not an Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Listeners_(novel)=The Listeners (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Cert=Dead Cert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_Coat=Turn Coat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scary_Stories_(Roff)=Scary Stories (Roff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonardo's_Swans=Leonardo's Swans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stealing_Athena=Stealing Athena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Hollow_Man=Death of a Hollow Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_of_Safety=A Place of Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time's_Champion=Time's Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventeen_Against_the_Dealer=Seventeen Against the Dealer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armed_America:_Portraits_of_Gun_Owners_in_Their_Homes=Armed America: Portraits of Gun Owners in Their Homes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet_and_the_New_Poetic=Hamlet and the New Poetic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Noir=Blood Noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Story_(novel)=Spy Story (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conscience_of_a_Liberal=The Conscience of a Liberal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man_Knows_My_Pastries=No Man Knows My Pastries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Mr._Henshaw=Dear Mr. Henshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Can't_Be_Happening_at_Macdonald_Hall=This Can't Be Happening at Macdonald Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_to_Go_Home=I Want to Go Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Focus_of_Life=The Focus of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_(novel)=The Valley (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_and_Grant_at_Appomattox=Lee and Grant at Appomattox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearing_Dwarf=The Disappearing Dwarf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_47th_Samurai=The 47th Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Arc_of_the_Rain_Forest=Through the Arc of the Rain Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossing_the_Quality_Chasm=Crossing the Quality Chasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Big_Fat_Supernatural_Honeymoon=My Big Fat Supernatural Honeymoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things:_A_Story_of_the_Sixties=Things: A Story of the Sixties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_with_the_Dog=The Lady with the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beardless_Warriors=The Beardless Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defending_Identity=Defending Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busting_Vegas=Busting Vegas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Queen=The Other Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_of_the_Empire=Mistress of the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servant_of_the_Empire=Servant of the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_the_Empire=Daughter of the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Users'_Guides_to_the_Medical_Literature=Users' Guides to the Medical Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_Ship=The North Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_the_Galactic_Bus=Waiting for the Galactic Bus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stormchaser_(novel)=Stormchaser (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Picture_of_Freedom=A Picture of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Air_Scout=Tom Swift and His Air Scout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomorrah_(book)=Gomorrah (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Lost_Things=The Book of Lost Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Always_Ends=Evil Always Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gypsy_Morph=The Gypsy Morph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Whisper_of_the_Dead=The Soft Whisper of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General's_Wife=The General's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Turn_(memoir)=My Turn (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Romance_of_Two_Worlds=A Romance of Two Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perceptrons_(book)=Perceptrons (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talbot_Mundy:_Messenger_of_Destiny=Talbot Mundy: Messenger of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threshold_(Sara_Douglass_novel)=Threshold (Sara Douglass novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Empress=The Snow Empress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightingale's_Song=The Nightingale's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_of_the_Ravens=The Sea of the Ravens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrecking_Crew_(book)=The Wrecking Crew (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigret_Has_Scruples=Maigret Has Scruples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_of_Place=Sense of Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chronology_of_Ancient_Kingdoms=The Chronology of Ancient Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Stars_(novel)=To the Stars (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Men_Sleep=Yellow Men Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crippled_Tree=The Crippled Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mortal_Flower=A Mortal Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdless_Summer=Birdless Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_House_Has_Two_Doors=My House Has Two Doors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Claimant=The American Claimant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred-Year_Christmas=The Hundred-Year Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Defense_of_Food=In Defense of Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Chaos_(Russell_novel)=Beautiful Chaos (Russell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyeless=The Eyeless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Martha=The Story of Martha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_Winston's_Daughter=General Winston's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Adventurer=The Last Adventurer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risale-i_Nur=Risale-i Nur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myst_Reader=The Myst Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician:_The_Secrets_of_the_Immortal_Nicholas_Flamel=The Magician: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_Regals=Daughter of Regals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Samurai_Cat=The Adventures of Samurai Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxfire:_Confessions_of_a_Girl_Gang=Foxfire: Confessions of a Girl Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Islands_and_Other_Tales_of_Fantasy=The Far Islands and Other Tales of Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Matches=Book of Matches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scourge_of_God_(novel)=The Scourge of God (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kull_(collection)=Kull (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Kane=The Book of Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monster_at_Christmas=A Monster at Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_with_Alice=Starting with Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Lovin'=Plum Lovin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grail_Prince=Grail Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nazi_and_the_Barber=The Nazi and the Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Cry_of_the_Moon=The Dark Cry of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtually_Normal=Virtually Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undying_Land=The Undying Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borders_Just_Beyond=The Borders Just Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Academ's_Fury=Academ's Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cursor's_Fury=Cursor's Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain's_Fury=Captain's Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princes_of_the_Golden_Cage_(novel)=The Princes of the Golden Cage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Feuds=Book of Feuds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marianne_and_Mark=Marianne and Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shesher_Kabita=Shesher Kabita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Elsmere=Robert Elsmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushiel's_Mercy=Kushiel's Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Who_Walked_Alone=One Who Walked Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Onion_Girl=The Onion Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Defense_of_Anarchism=In Defense of Anarchism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Crimson_Guard=Return of the Crimson Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Lady=The Second Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Undersea_Search=Tom Swift and His Undersea Search
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Reckoning=Winter Reckoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_in_the_Province=A Year in the Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Night_of_the_Grave=The Long Night of the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Fog=Yellow Fog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lady_of_Hy-Brasil_and_Other_Stories=My Lady of Hy-Brasil and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Two_Swords=Madame Two Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swindle_(novel)=Swindle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Darwin_to_Hitler=From Darwin to Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prime_Evil_(anthology)=Prime Evil (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_Dreams_(collection)=Shadows of Dreams (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_American_Religions=Encyclopedia of American Religions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_Dover=The Devil in Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horror_of_Howling_Hill=The Horror of Howling Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Skin_(adventure_book)=Second Skin (adventure book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_King_(adventure_book)=The Dragon King (adventure book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorceress:_The_Secrets_of_the_Immortal_Nicholas_Flamel=The Sorceress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Coney_Island_of_the_Mind=A Coney Island of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfortunates=The Unfortunates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post-Scarcity_Anarchism=Post-Scarcity Anarchism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_in_Case=Just in Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Stars:_The_Autobiography_of_George_Takei=To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_Out_of_Manchuria=The Magician Out of Manchuria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Chakay_Duniya=Du Chakay Duniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Necklace=The Red Necklace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Shinran=The Essential Shinran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tipi:_Home_of_the_Nomadic_Buffalo_Hunters=Tipi: Home of the Nomadic Buffalo Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Pierce=We Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_Among_the_Fire_Fighters=Tom Swift Among the Fire Fighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Fine_Time=The Last Fine Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Swift_and_His_Electric_Locomotive=Tom Swift and His Electric Locomotive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_(novel)=Will (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Niro's_Game=De Niro's Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_and_the_Wolves=The Eagle and the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_(Bujold_novel)=Passage (Bujold novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Sacred_Ginmill_Closes=When the Sacred Ginmill Closes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patterns_of_Sexual_Behavior=Patterns of Sexual Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Savarus=Albert Savarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancelot_and_the_Lord_of_the_Distant_Isles,_or_the_%22Book_of_Galehaut%22_Retold=Lancelot and the Lord of the Distant Isles, or the "Book of Galehaut" Retold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_the_Hell_Will_Start=Now the Hell Will Start
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeps'_Fury=Princeps' Fury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Oaks_&_Sand_Roughs=Post Oaks & Sand Roughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledfeather=Ledfeather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Tiger=Irish Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_44=Child 44
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinner_(Rulli_book)=Sinner (Rulli book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Dream_(collection)=Nuclear Dream (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Lucius_Leffing=The Adventures of Lucius Leffing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_DAW_Science_Fiction_Reader=The DAW Science Fiction Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._God_(novel)=Mrs. God (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Shiny_Morning=Bright Shiny Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_the_Stone_Age=Back to the Stone Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Fat_to_Fish=Too Fat to Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ordinary_Princess=The Ordinary Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mga_Ibong_Mandaragit=Mga Ibong Mandaragit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_in_the_Abyss=The Face in the Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharks_and_Little_Fish=Sharks and Little Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dressed_to_Kill_(book)=Dressed to Kill (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Change_(Parker_novel)=Sea Change (Parker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_A_Theory=Only A Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_(Williams_novel)=Augustus (Williams novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nico_the_Unicorn=Nico the Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlife:_Our_Story=Westlife: Our Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gardeners_Dictionary=The Gardeners Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khasakkinte_Itihasam=Khasakkinte Itihasam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resident_Evil:_City_of_the_Dead=Resident Evil: City of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_and_the_Genii=The Twelve and the Genii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_YIVO_Encyclopedia_of_Jews_in_Eastern_Europe=The YIVO Encyclopedia of Jews in Eastern Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_of_Shadows_(novel)=Street of Shadows (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Legends_of_Earth=The Last Legends of Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Critics_of_the_Enlightenment=Three Critics of the Enlightenment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burnt_Ones=The Burnt Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_and_Me=Harris and Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Falcon_(Star_Wars_novel)=Millennium Falcon (Star Wars novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Experiment=The American Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Teahouse_of_the_August_Moon_(novel)=The Teahouse of the August Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Pampero=The Haunted Pampero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storms_of_Chai=The Storms of Chai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Stuff=Dream Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Business=Bad Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Dome=Under the Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_&_Religion:_A_Symposium=Science & Religion: A Symposium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Melody:_Tim_Buckley_Remembered=Blue Melody: Tim Buckley Remembered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_War_of_Independence_(book)=The Indian War of Independence (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budapest_Noir=Budapest Noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arms_Bazaar=The Arms Bazaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weakness_(Animorphs)=The Weakness (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omensetter's_Luck=Omensetter's Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Fellow_My_Country=Poor Fellow My Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Canoe=The Glass Canoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Is_Profitable=Small Is Profitable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_of_an_Indian_Judge_to_an_English_Gentlewoman=Letters of an Indian Judge to an English Gentlewoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavinia_(novel)=Lavinia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cats_of_the_Clans=Cats of the Clans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_and_Crowns_and_Rings=Swords and Crowns and Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Will=Love and Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Star_the_Wizard=Grey Star the Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windfall_(novel)=Windfall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Get_into_a_Fix=Five Get into a Fix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makers_and_Takers=Makers and Takers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_the_Great's_Negro=Peter the Great's Negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peaceful_Pill_Handbook=The Peaceful Pill Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hangman's_Daughter=The Hangman's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Orange:_The_Neurotic_Genius_of_Dutch_Football=Brilliant Orange: The Neurotic Genius of Dutch Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomsday_Plus_Twelve=Doomsday Plus Twelve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakon_(novel)=Drakon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_System_of_Dante's_Hell=The System of Dante's Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inventors=The Inventors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putin's_Progress=Putin's Progress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Their_Backs_to_the_World=With Their Backs to the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_And_One_Days:_A_Baghdad_Journal=One Hundred And One Days: A Baghdad Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Grozny=Angel of Grozny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Mountain=Soul Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_Code_Red=Climate Code Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements_of_Moral_Philosophy=The Elements of Moral Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_of_Souls=Feast of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_in_the_Mist=Fire in the Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorns_(novel)=Thorns (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam,_Will_You_Talk%3F=Madam, Will You Talk?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_British_Picture=A British Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat,_Pray,_Love=Eat, Pray, Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geography_Club=Geography Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Long_Way_Gone=A Long Way Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bolshevik_Myth=The Bolshevik Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winnie_the_Witch=Winnie the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinness_World_Records_Gamer's_Edition=Guinness World Records Gamer's Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Hikes_to_Fitchburg=Henry Hikes to Fitchburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Else_(book)=Something Else (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Summer_(book)=Freedom Summer (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_We_Have_Taken=The Time We Have Taken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Skin=Cold Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Desmond_Kale=The Ballad of Desmond Kale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Darwin_Matters=Why Darwin Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Adams_(book)=John Adams (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diplomat_(novel)=The Diplomat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zookeeper's_Wife=The Zookeeper's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steel_Wave=The Steel Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Issues_in_Science_and_Religion=Issues in Science and Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_to_the_Fifth=Two to the Fifth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Window=The Broken Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_of_Souls=Destiny of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_She_Spot=The She Spot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Gap=Beyond the Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Conversations=Naked Conversations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Last_Thought=The Story of the Last Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dolphins_of_Laurentum=The Dolphins of Laurentum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rape_of_the_A*P*E*=The Rape of the A*P*E*
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumper_Cable=Jumper Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knot_Gneiss=Knot Gneiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Deadly_Secret:_The_Strange_Disappearance_of_Kathie_Durst=A Deadly Secret: The Strange Disappearance of Kathie Durst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Little_Miss_characters=List of Little Miss characters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_Songs=Heart Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Friction:_Where_the_Known_Meets_the_Unknown=Science Friction: Where the Known Meets the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortality_(novel)=Immortality (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawkins_vs._Gould=Dawkins vs. Gould
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaws_of_Sherwood=The Outlaws of Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaboom_(book)=Kaboom (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Who_Were_Hanged=The Seven Who Were Hanged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grandmothers:_Four_Short_Novels=The Grandmothers: Four Short Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree:_A_Life_Story=Tree: A Life Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah,_But_Your_Land_Is_Beautiful=Ah, But Your Land Is Beautiful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvesting_the_Heart=Harvesting the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Annotated_Turing=The Annotated Turing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Willow=Blue Willow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Brooklyn=Walking Brooklyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think:_A_Compelling_Introduction_to_Philosophy=Think: A Compelling Introduction to Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atheism:_The_Case_Against_God=Atheism: The Case Against God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Gabby_Goose=Young Gabby Goose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaz_Parks_series=Jaz Parks series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickets_to_the_Devil=Tickets to the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_(children's_book)=The Other Side (children's book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genome_(novel)=Genome (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Hell_(novel)=Escape from Hell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_the_Fish=Beware the Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Terror=Land of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Pellucidar=Savage Pellucidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nasty_Bits=The Nasty Bits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remorseful_Day=The Remorseful Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan's_World=Logan's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_of_the_Hills=Bones of the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthetic_Men_of_Mars=Synthetic Men of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatal_Conceit=The Fatal Conceit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llana_of_Gathol=Llana of Gathol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Carter_of_Mars_(collection)=John Carter of Mars (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumper:_Griffin's_Story_(novel)=Jumper: Griffin's Story (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_at_Midnight=Bella at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_City_(Grey_Star)=The Forbidden City (Grey Star)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheerleader=The Cheerleader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_Is_Life_(novel)=Such Is Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beggar_of_Volubilis=The Beggar of Volubilis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lifeblood_(novel)=Lifeblood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Last_Days=The Garden of Last Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_that_Glitter=Dreams that Glitter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plato_and_a_Platypus_Walk_Into_a_Bar=Plato and a Platypus Walk Into a Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_of_the_Sable_Keech=The Voyage of the Sable Keech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_with_Mr._Wizzle=The War with Mr. Wizzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_the_Jew=Jesus the Jew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Patriot=The Last Patriot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigands_M.C.=Brigands M.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Second_Counts_(book)=Every Second Counts (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forever_King=The Forever King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani_Madhaveeyam=Mani Madhaveeyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Nightmare_Gate=Beyond the Nightmare Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mucker=The Mucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gentleman's_Guide_to_Graceful_Living=A Gentleman's Guide to Graceful Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_Rodrick_Rules=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Earth=The White Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Action_and_Modern_Science=Divine Action and Modern Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoe's_Tale=Zoe's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cop_in_the_Hood=Cop in the Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Bones_(Mortal_Instruments)=City of Bones (Mortal Instruments)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ol'_Man_Adam_an'_His_Chillun=Ol' Man Adam an' His Chillun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Nerd=American Nerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirra_Lirra_by_the_River=Tirra Lirra by the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keys_to_the_White_House=The Keys to the White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlas_of_Pern=The Atlas of Pern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Atlas_of_Wine=The World Atlas of Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Aspects_of_Life=Quantum Aspects of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Shall_Be_No_Night=There Shall Be No Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_of_the_Future=A Woman of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancestor_Game=The Ancestor Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagles'_Brood=The Eagles' Brood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Oil=The End of Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Candy_Girl:_A_Year_in_the_Life_of_an_Unlikely_Stripper=Candy Girl: A Year in the Life of an Unlikely Stripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Lines_(book)=Behind the Lines (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illegal_Citizens=Illegal Citizens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impersonators=The Impersonators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doubleman=The Doubleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovering_Biblical_Manhood_and_Womanhood=Recovering Biblical Manhood and Womanhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie's_World_Encyclopedia_of_Champagne_&_Sparkling_Wine=Christie's World Encyclopedia of Champagne & Sparkling Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follett's_Modern_American_Usage=Follett's Modern American Usage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collar_the_Lot!=Collar the Lot!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Child_in_the_Woods=Last Child in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nixonland:_The_Rise_of_a_President_and_the_Fracturing_of_America=Nixonland: The Rise of a President and the Fracturing of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predictably_Irrational=Predictably Irrational
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_in_the_Earth=Cold in the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Shadows_(novel)=Mad Shadows (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_and_Deviltry=Swords and Deviltry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Lion_Feeds=When the Lion Feeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_(novel)=The Well (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_No_Asshole_Rule=The No Asshole Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_Rent=The Rose Rent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extinct_Birds_(book)=Extinct Birds (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Confidential=Beauty Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Towns=Paper Towns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_of_Adventure:_The_Worlds_of_Edgar_Rice_Burroughs=Master of Adventure: The Worlds of Edgar Rice Burroughs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Wizards_(gamebook)=War of the Wizards (gamebook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deniers=The Deniers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Pygmies=King of the Pygmies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_of_Whores=Parliament of Whores
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Dinosaur_Robbery=The Great Dinosaur Robbery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ox-Bow_Incident_(novel)=The Ox-Bow Incident (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocker's_Decimal_Arithmetick=Cocker's Decimal Arithmetick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave-girl_from_Jerusalem=The Slave-girl from Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliath_(Alten_novel)=Goliath (Alten novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Theory_of_Everything=A Theory of Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Wocket_in_My_Pocket=There's a Wocket in My Pocket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Light_(Wellum_book)=First Light (Wellum book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sotheby's_Wine_Encyclopedia=The Sotheby's Wine Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Islands_of_the_Blessed=The Islands of the Blessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_of_the_Impossible=Physics of the Impossible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nip_the_Buds,_Shoot_the_Kids=Nip the Buds, Shoot the Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Thirty=Beyond Thirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Stone_Country=Journey to the Stone Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Fire_(novel)=The Great Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overloaded_Ark=The Overloaded Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonders_of_Nature=The Wonders of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceana_Fine=Oceana Fine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_World=The Great World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valachi_Papers_(book)=The Valachi Papers (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samurai_(novel)=The Samurai (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Chess_Endings=Basic Chess Endings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Century_(novel)=Century (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreigner_(Sawyer_novel)=Foreigner (Sawyer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_How_the_Doctor_Changed_My_Life=Short Trips: How the Doctor Changed My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Letters_of_Great_Men=Love Letters of Great Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_&_White_(book)=Black & White (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Dragon's_Mouth=Beyond the Dragon's Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audition:_A_Memoir=Audition: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_There,_Vodka%3F_It's_Me,_Chelsea=Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sports,_Sin_and_Subversion=Sports, Sin and Subversion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_of_War:_Aspho_Fields=Gears of War: Aspho Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Went_to_Paris=The Cat Who Went to Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who'll_Live_Forever=The Cat Who'll Live Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cat_Abroad=A Cat Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Country_(novel)=Cross Country (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stranger_Beside_Me=The Stranger Beside Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snowball:_Warren_Buffett_and_the_Business_of_Life=The Snowball: Warren Buffett and the Business of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eva_(novel)=Eva (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Patriot's_History_of_the_United_States=A Patriot's History of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Boy:_A_Father's_Journey_Through_His_Son's_Addiction=Beautiful Boy: A Father's Journey Through His Son's Addiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home:_A_Memoir_of_My_Early_Years=Home: A Memoir of My Early Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Undone=Justice Undone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistaken_Identity:_Two_Families,_One_Survivor,_Unwavering_Hope=Mistaken Identity: Two Families, One Survivor, Unwavering Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Blonde:_The_Diaries_of_Courtney_Love=Dirty Blonde: The Diaries of Courtney Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Outline_Dictionary_of_Maya_Glyphs=An Outline Dictionary of Maya Glyphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warhol-o-rama=Warhol-o-rama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_I_Lost=The Land I Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_It=Losing It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Fleet:_Valiant=The Lost Fleet: Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Bad_Ants=Two Bad Ants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenstein=Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marihuana_(novel)=Marihuana (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plantation=The Plantation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Swan_(1954_book)=The Black Swan (1954 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_(book)=The Dark Side (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Dance_of_the_Giants=Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Fleet:_Dauntless=The Lost Fleet: Dauntless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Willow_Tree_(novel)=The Willow Tree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_of_Blame=Chain of Blame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_of_a_Yellow_Sun=Half of a Yellow Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Date_with_Darkness=Date with Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Trial_of_Nolan_Dugatti=The Long Trial of Nolan Dugatti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_and_Moore_Complete_Checklist_of_the_Birds_of_the_World=Howard and Moore Complete Checklist of the Birds of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defending_the_Undefendable=Defending the Undefendable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahih_Ibn_Hibban=Sahih Ibn Hibban
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_under_Pressure=Girls under Pressure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steel_Mirror=The Steel Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoky_Valley=Smoky Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Klingon_Gambit=The Klingon Gambit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covenant_of_the_Crown=The Covenant of the Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prometheus_Design=The Prometheus Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abode_of_Life=The Abode of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Fire_(novel)=Black Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_(novel)=Triangle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision_Course_(Silverberg_novel)=Collision Course (Silverberg novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Web_of_the_Romulans=Web of the Romulans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister_and_I_(Nietzsche)=My Sister and I (Nietzsche)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_and_Lightnings=Thunder and Lightnings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Her_Shoes_(novel)=In Her Shoes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Enterprise=Mutiny on the Enterprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trellisane_Confrontation=The Trellisane Confrontation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_(novel)=Corona (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Enemy,_My_Ally=My Enemy, My Ally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tears_of_the_Singers=The Tears of the Singers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vulcan_Academy_Murders=The Vulcan Academy Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhura's_Song=Uhura's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Lord_(novel)=Shadow Lord (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Time_(Star_Trek_novel)=Killing Time (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwellers_in_the_Crucible=Dwellers in the Crucible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawns_and_Symbols=Pawns and Symbols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naughtiest_Girl_Again=The Naughtiest Girl Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewired:_The_Post-Cyberpunk_Anthology=Rewired: The Post-Cyberpunk Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_the_Daleks=Prisoner of the Daleks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slitheen_Excursion=The Slitheen Excursion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mindshadow=Mindshadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_on_Centaurus=Crisis on Centaurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreadnought!=Dreadnought!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demons_(Star_Trek_novel)=Demons (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_in_the_Woods=The Wizard in the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopaholic_Abroad=Shopaholic Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_(David_Karp_novel)=One (David Karp novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Curse=The Vampire Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlestations!=Battlestations!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_of_Attack=Chain of Attack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Domain=Deep Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_the_Raven=Dreams of the Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romulan_Way=The Romulan Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_IDIC_Epidemic=The IDIC Epidemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Given_Day=The Given Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timetrap=Timetrap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three-Minute_Universe=The Three-Minute Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_Prime=Memory Prime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Nexus=The Final Nexus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double,_Double_(Star_Trek_novel)=Double, Double (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_State_(book)=The State (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_of_the_Onlies=The Cry of the Onlies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Engagement_(Star_Trek_novel)=Rules of Engagement (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pandora_Principle=The Pandora Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Orders_(novel)=Doctor's Orders (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letty_Fox:_Her_Luck=Letty Fox: Her Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Cradle_(book)=Out of the Cradle (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_Unseen=Enemy Unseen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_Book=The Murder Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cold_Moon=The Cold Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Tales_of_Love_and_Murder=Forgotten Tales of Love and Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychopathology_of_Everyday_Life=The Psychopathology of Everyday Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Farthest_Star_(novel)=Beyond the Farthest Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Jasons=The Two Jasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Adventures_(Bernice_Summerfield_anthology)=Missing Adventures (Bernice Summerfield anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuhn_vs._Popper=Kuhn vs. Popper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circus_World_(novel)=Circus World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Is_the_Hunter=Home Is the Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyages_of_Imagination=Voyages of Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Walker=Night Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_of_Fire_(novel)=Line of Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby:_King_of_Comics=Kirby: King of Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assignment:_Murder=Assignment: Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_River_(novel)=Mad River (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Country_(novel)=The Big Country (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Santa_Clara=The Man from Santa Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsewhere_(Blatty_novel)=Elsewhere (Blatty novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Trees=The Wild Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley-Westside_War=The Valley-Westside War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Grandfather's_Son=My Grandfather's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ke_Keno_Kibhabe=Ke Keno Kibhabe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Fever_(novel)=Texas Fever (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_High_Places_(Harry_Turtledove_novel)=In High Places (Harry Turtledove novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Is_for_Alien=A Is for Alien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Place_(book)=My Place (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal's_People=Animal's People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopaholic_Ties_the_Knot=Shopaholic Ties the Knot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopaholic_and_Sister=Shopaholic and Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sontaran_Games=The Sontaran Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgement_of_the_Judoon=Judgement of the Judoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_To_Cook=The Way To Cook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Man_of_Faith=The Lonely Man of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Queen=The Ice Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practical_Magic_(novel)=Practical Magic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Samurai's_Garden=The Samurai's Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panther_in_the_Basement=Panther in the Basement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetlands_(novel)=Wetlands (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evenor_(collection)=Evenor (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Associate_(novel)=The Associate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mass:_Apocalyptic_Religion_and_the_Death_of_Utopia=Black Mass: Apocalyptic Religion and the Death of Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_the_Son=The Gospel According to the Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wall:_Growing_Up_Behind_the_Iron_Curtain=The Wall: Growing Up Behind the Iron Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopaholic_and_Baby=Shopaholic and Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barbecue_Bible=The Barbecue Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Children_Playing=Dead Children Playing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obama_Nation=The Obama Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Thief=The Magic Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_World_(book)=The Way of the World (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendragon:_Before_the_War=Pendragon: Before the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Man_Dies_Alone=Every Man Dies Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_at_HorrorLand=One Day at HorrorLand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Wealth:_Economics_for_a_Crowded_Planet=Common Wealth: Economics for a Crowded Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_of_Medina=The Jewel of Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keziah_Dane=Keziah Dane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rebels_(novel)=The Rebels (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Gadsbys=The Story of the Gadsbys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Rommel%3F%22_%22Gunner_Who%3F%22="Rommel?" "Gunner Who?"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_Dead=Generation Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Fleet:_Fearless=The Lost Fleet: Fearless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Fleet:_Courageous=The Lost Fleet: Courageous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan's_Run=Morgan's Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_The_Last_Straw=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Last Straw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dances_on_the_Snow=Dances on the Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Samurai:_The_Way_of_the_Warrior=Young Samurai: The Way of the Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance_(Star_Trek)=Resistance (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_(novel)=Commonwealth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Mirror_(Star_Trek_novel)=Dark Mirror (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Boat_(novel)=Show Boat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Transformation=The Art of Transformation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkest_Hour_(The_Mediator)=Darkest Hour (The Mediator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madame_Doubtfire=Madame Doubtfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Justice_Raffles=Mr. Justice Raffles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_in_Wonderland=The Wizard in Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badjelly_the_Witch=Badjelly the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Lullaby:_A_Story_of_Music,_Race_and_New_Beginnings_in_a_New_South=Dixie Lullaby: A Story of Music, Race and New Beginnings in a New South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Mask=The Black Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saturn's_Children_(novel)=Saturn's Children (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amateur_Cracksman=The Amateur Cracksman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile_Gap=Missile Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_Marks=Warrior Marks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thief_in_the_Night_(short_story_collection)=A Thief in the Night (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Walls=The Little Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles:_The_Biography=The Beatles: The Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masks_of_Time=The Masks of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody's_Baby_But_Mine=Nobody's Baby But Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Clone_Wars_(novel)=Star Wars: The Clone Wars (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Barry_Turns_50=Dave Barry Turns 50
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Murder=The Perfect Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_Boys=Soldier Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analyzing_Intelligence=Analyzing Intelligence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost-Walker=Ghost-Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flag_Full_of_Stars=A Flag Full of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_the_Fiery_Cross=Heroes of the Fiery Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Hunter=The Butterfly Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passionate_Minds=Passionate Minds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_(novel)=Sacred (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe_3=Universe 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_False_Inspector_Dew=The False Inspector Dew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glade_Within_the_Grove=The Glade Within the Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Victory=Gray Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_Against_Barack_Obama=The Case Against Barack Obama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clash_of_Eagles=Clash of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defence_of_Duffer's_Drift=The Defence of Duffer's Drift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divine_Worshipper=The Divine Worshipper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimi_Hendrix:_An_Illustrated_Experience=Jimi Hendrix: An Illustrated Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Jolly_Good_Fellow_(novel)=A Jolly Good Fellow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massacre_at_Mountain_Meadows=Massacre at Mountain Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wench_Is_Dead=The Wench Is Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dawn_(book)=The Dawn (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four-Story_Mistake=The Four-Story Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_There_Were_Five=Then There Were Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiderweb_for_Two:_A_Melendy_Maze=Spiderweb for Two: A Melendy Maze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Gone-Away=Return to Gone-Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Cry_of_Freedom_(book)=Battle Cry of Freedom (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Palace=Dark Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Tomorrow=Gone Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benang=Benang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colossus_of_Rhodes_(novel)=The Colossus of Rhodes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superclass_(book)=Superclass (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Drift=Arctic Drift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cluetrain_Manifesto=The Cluetrain Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_and_Other_Laws_of_Cyberspace=Code and Other Laws of Cyberspace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scouting_for_Boys=Scouting for Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Life_(novel)=The New Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialism_or_Barbarism=Socialism or Barbarism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postcode:_The_Splintering_of_a_Nation=Postcode: The Splintering of a Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Science:_The_Short_Life_and_Weird_Times_of_Cold_Fusion=Bad Science: The Short Life and Weird Times of Cold Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_There_Were_None=And Then There Were None
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That:_Fresh_out_the_Box=All That: Fresh out the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automated_Alice=Automated Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Shrugged=Atlas Shrugged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_in_the_Sand=The Eagle in the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polysexuality_(book)=Polysexuality (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Chill=Arctic Chill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macarthur_(novel)=Macarthur (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABNKKBSNPLAko%3F!=ABNKKBSNPLAko?!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Know_Me_Al=You Know Me Al
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_on_One_(novel)=One on One (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_the_Andes=Death in the Andes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scribes_from_Alexandria=The Scribes from Alexandria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gym_and_Slimline=Gym and Slimline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_World=The Blue World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flood_(novel)=The Flood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mona_Intercept=The Mona Intercept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruises_with_Kathleen=Cruises with Kathleen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_and_the_Known=Knowing and the Known
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soft_Centre=The Soft Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Gold_Bands=The Five Gold Bands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Twice_Told=Murder Twice Told
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1080_recetas_de_cocina=1080 recetas de cocina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_Men_and_Silver_Stars=Iron Men and Silver Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Here_to_Infinity_(book)=From Here to Infinity (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Guns_and_Hunting=On Guns and Hunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson's_Boys=Henderson's Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_at_the_Moon_(book)=Shooting at the Moon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MAX:_A_Maximum_Ride_Novel=MAX: A Maximum Ride Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Maison_du_chat-qui-pelote=La Maison du chat-qui-pelote
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek:_The_Next_Generation_U.S.S._Enterprise_NCC-1701-D_Blueprints=Star Trek: The Next Generation U.S.S. Enterprise NCC-1701-D Blueprints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Bal_de_Sceaux=Le Bal de Sceaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Castle=The Glass Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_Girl_(book_series)=Samurai Girl (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ink_Exchange=Ink Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreskin's_Lament:_A_Memoir=Foreskin's Lament: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Darkest_Hour=Their Darkest Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Annexe_3=The Secret of Annexe 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riddle_of_the_Third_Mile=The Riddle of the Third Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewel_That_Was_Ours=The Jewel That Was Ours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_of_Bones=The Road of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Seen_Wearing_(Dexter_novel)=Last Seen Wearing (Dexter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_World_of_Nicholas_Quinn=The Silent World of Nicholas Quinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_of_All_the_Dead=Service of All the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_Blues=Infinity Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranks_of_Bronze=Ranks of Bronze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democracy_and_Education=Democracy and Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Is_Now_My_Neighbour=Death Is Now My Neighbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daughters_of_Cain=The Daughters of Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Through_the_Woods=The Way Through the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Most_Wanted_Man=A Most Wanted Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Without_Hope=Love Without Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Year_of_the_Boar_and_Jackie_Robinson=In the Year of the Boar and Jackie Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whip_Hand=Whip Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Innocence=The Museum of Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wit_and_Wisdom_of_Discworld=Wit and Wisdom of Discworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ideological_Origins_of_the_American_Revolution=The Ideological Origins of the American Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Family=Like a Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_of_Farewell=Landscape of Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Barry_Turns_40=Dave Barry Turns 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Club_of_Queer_Trades=The Club of Queer Trades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Laughing_Matter_(book)=No Laughing Matter (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Tree=Son of the Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_in_my_Nuddy-Pants=Dancing in my Nuddy-Pants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madam_Secretary=Madam Secretary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_at_Any_Cost=Help at Any Cost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling_II_(novel)=The Howling II (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Company_They_Keep=The Company They Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steel_Remains=The Steel Remains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Guilt_(book)=White Guilt (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramage_(novel)=Ramage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_Crocker_Cookbook=Betty Crocker Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incandescence_(novel)=Incandescence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Masses:_Opposition_to_Nuclear_Power_in_California,_1958-1978=Critical Masses: Opposition to Nuclear Power in California, 1958-1978
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disguise_(novel)=Disguise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chimera's_Curse=The Chimera's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_at_Falador=Betrayal at Falador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Creation=American Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_on_Top=Women on Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavy_Water_and_Other_Stories=Heavy Water and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maze_of_Bones=The Maze of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_39_Clues=The 39 Clues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_It_Over=Talking It Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Shore=The Broken Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gargoyle_(novel)=The Gargoyle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Shit=History of Shit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Takeout=Chinese Takeout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifteen_(novel)=Fifteen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_from_the_Bottomless_Pit_and_Other_Stories=Up from the Bottomless Pit and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venus_on_the_Half-Shell_and_Others=Venus on the Half-Shell and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_and_Silence=Bones and Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Study=Magic Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight:_A_Gangster_Love_Story=Midnight: A Gangster Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Knot:_The_True_Story_of_the_West_Memphis_Three=Devil's Knot: The True Story of the West Memphis Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Angel_Peterson_Got_His_Name=How Angel Peterson Got His Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clubbable_Woman=A Clubbable Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Advancement_of_Learning=An Advancement of Learning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruling_Passion=Ruling Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_April_Shroud=An April Shroud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pinch_of_Snuff=A Pinch of Snuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Killing_Kindness=A Killing Kindness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_of_Evidence=Chain of Evidence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Bitchin'=Skinny Bitchin'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Nuclear_Terrorism=On Nuclear Terrorism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(Young_novel)=Crusade (Young novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Open=Do Not Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_Dare=The Love Dare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Fever!=Treasure Fever!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_and_Strength=Line and Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knife_That_Killed_Me=The Knife That Killed Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knife_of_Never_Letting_Go=The Knife of Never Letting Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_Darkness=Chasing Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watchman_(novel)=The Watchman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatter_(novel)=Shatter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scattershot_(book)=Scattershot (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Decade=The Seventh Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beauty_of_Fractals=The Beauty of Fractals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greek_Rural_Postmen_and_Their_Cancellation_Numbers=Greek Rural Postmen and Their Cancellation Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_to_Mystery_Moor=Five Go to Mystery Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Have_a_Wonderful_Time=Five Have a Wonderful Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Others_Wavered=Where Others Wavered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Patient=The Private Patient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wycliffe_and_the_Winsor_Blue=Wycliffe and the Winsor Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faerie_Path=The Faerie Path
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladybug_Girl=Ladybug Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colors_Insulting_to_Nature=Colors Insulting to Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mind_to_Murder=A Mind to Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Puzzle_(book)=Monkey Puzzle (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfinished_Twentieth_Century=The Unfinished Twentieth Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taxi_(book)=Taxi (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_&_the_City=The City & the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Hunter_(Paver_novel)=Ghost Hunter (Paver novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Philosophy_Problems=101 Philosophy Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deluxe:_How_Luxury_Lost_Its_Luster=Deluxe: How Luxury Lost Its Luster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Schools_Guide=The Good Schools Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_bonne_cuisine_de_Madame_E._Saint-Ange=La bonne cuisine de Madame E. Saint-Ange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Be_President=You Can't Be President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planet_Savers=The Planet Savers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Aldones=The Sword of Aldones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Faces_of_Nuclear_Terrorism=The Four Faces of Nuclear Terrorism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sail_and_Steam_Navy_List=The Sail and Steam Navy List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Costello_Memoirs=The Costello Memoirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legion_of_the_Damned_(novel)=Legion of the Damned (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloody_Sun=The Bloody Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_of_Danger=Star of Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_of_Steel=Boys of Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Tiger=The White Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy's_War=Tommy's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_(Baxter_novel)=Flood (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dad,_John_McCain=My Dad, John McCain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Terrorism:_The_Ultimate_Preventable_Catastrophe=Nuclear Terrorism: The Ultimate Preventable Catastrophe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Days_of_the_Comet=In the Days of the Comet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_of_Rain=The Gift of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_to_See_the_King=Three to See the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot,_Flat,_and_Crowded=Hot, Flat, and Crowded
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corporal_to_Field_Officer=Corporal to Field Officer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falcons_of_Narabedla=Falcons of Narabedla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brave_Companions:_Portraits_in_History=Brave Companions: Portraits in History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao's_Last_Dancer_(book)=Mao's Last Dancer (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_(1974)=Dungeons & Dragons (1974)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stori_Telling=Stori Telling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_5:_To_Dream_in_the_City_of_Sorrows=Babylon 5: To Dream in the City of Sorrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Flesh=A Different Flesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind's_Eye_(novel)=The Mind's Eye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_children_of_Niobe_(novel)=The children of Niobe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greyhawk_(supplement)=Greyhawk (supplement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackmoor_(supplement)=Blackmoor (supplement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Torture_Papers_(book)=The Torture Papers (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Would_Have_Thought_It%3F=Who Would Have Thought It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_and_Other_Stories=The Birds and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_Girls=Shanghai Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fugitive_from_Corinth=The Fugitive from Corinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Guardian=Conan the Guardian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_of_Gossip=Princess of Gossip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulverton=Ulverton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India_After_Gandhi=India After Gandhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crisis_(novel)=The Crisis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Underground_(Left_Behind:_The_Kids)=The Underground (Left Behind: The Kids)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rod_of_Seven_Parts=The Rod of Seven Parts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghostgirl=Ghostgirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Heal_Your_Life=You Can Heal Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cyborg_from_Earth=The Cyborg from Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Managed_Heart:_the_Commercialization_of_Human_Feeling=The Managed Heart: the Commercialization of Human Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unusual_Life_of_Tristan_Smith=The Unusual Life of Tristan Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gadget_(novel)=The Gadget (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Door_Through_Space=The Door Through Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance_(Owen_Sheers_novel)=Resistance (Owen Sheers novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protocols_of_the_Elders_of_Zion=The Protocols of the Elders of Zion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_and_Down_the_Scratchy_Mountains=Up and Down the Scratchy Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angler:_The_Cheney_Vice_Presidency=Angler: The Cheney Vice Presidency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_a_Dark_Queen=Shadow of a Dark Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equal_Affections=Equal Affections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Hollering_Creek_and_Other_Stories=Woman Hollering Creek and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Take_You_There_(novel)=I'll Take You There (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiss_of_Death=The Kiss of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Another_Thing..._(novel)=And Another Thing... (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossing_of_Ingo=The Crossing of Ingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diaries_of_an_Internet_Lover=Diaries of an Internet Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spilling_The_Beans=Spilling The Beans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babouk=Babouk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Information_Than_You_Require=More Information Than You Require
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_(book)=Travels (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Tower=The Forbidden Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_(book)=Raven (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Dreams=Blood of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_&_Spells=Swords & Spells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Wall:_Six_Presidents_and_China=A Great Wall: Six Presidents and China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happy_Isles_of_Oceania=The Happy Isles of Oceania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Season=Savage Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keeper's_Price=The Keeper's Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sword_of_Chaos=Sword of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankety_Blank:_A_Memoir_of_Vulgaria=Blankety Blank: A Memoir of Vulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrong_Doyle=The Wrong Doyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belchamber=Belchamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exception_to_the_Rulers=The Exception to the Rulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirate's_Daughter:_A_Novel_of_Adventure=The Pirate's Daughter: A Novel of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_in_Love_(novel)=Girls in Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Second_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Second Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jolly_Postman=The Jolly Postman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trimalchio's_Feast_and_other_mini-mysteries=Trimalchio's Feast and other mini-mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Fourteenth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Fourteenth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twelfth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twelfth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Acts_of_Heroic_Love=Random Acts of Heroic Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Ninth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Ninth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Seventh_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Seventh Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Sixth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Sixth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thendara_House=Thendara House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forged_Coupon=The Forged Coupon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hemingses_of_Monticello=The Hemingses of Monticello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Star=The Killing Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empress_Bianca=Empress Bianca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_of_Nazareth_(book)=Jesus of Nazareth (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_of_the_Imperium=Worlds of the Imperium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Short_Stories_2008=The Best American Short Stories 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Massive_Swelling=A Massive Swelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fabled_Fourth_Graders_of_Aesop_Elementary_School=The Fabled Fourth Graders of Aesop Elementary School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baking_with_Julia=Baking with Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Short_Stories_2007=The Best American Short Stories 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Sorcery=City of Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Deception=The Bourne Deception
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Amazons_of_Darkover=Free Amazons of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_Metal=Dreaming Metal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Mirror_(anthology)=The Other Side of the Mirror (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisons_We_Choose_to_Live_Inside=Prisons We Choose to Live Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Hospital=The Children's Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betty_(comic_strip)=Betty (comic strip)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_in_Eastern_Europe=The War in Eastern Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitralekha_(novel)=Chitralekha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogger_(book)=Dogger (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sun_of_Darkover=Red Sun of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Moons_of_Darkover=Four Moons of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flaming_Sword=The Flaming Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Littlest_Hitler=The Littlest Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Charlie's_Almanack=Poor Charlie's Almanack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bold_Fresh_Piece_of_Humanity=A Bold Fresh Piece of Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_at_the_End_of_Time=City at the End of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domains_of_Darkover=Domains of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physicist_and_Christian=Physicist and Christian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Had_60_Whiskers=The Cat Who Had 60 Whiskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Edgar_Sawtelle=The Story of Edgar Sawtelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fern_Tattoo=The Fern Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistborn:_The_Hero_of_Ages=Mistborn: The Hero of Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unseen_Academicals=Unseen Academicals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splat_the_Cat=Splat the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Christmas_Around_the_World=Short Trips: Christmas Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Trips:_Indefinable_Magic=Short Trips: Indefinable Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich_werde_hier_sein_im_Sonnenschein_und_im_Schatten=Ich werde hier sein im Sonnenschein und im Schatten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kung_Fu_High_School=Kung Fu High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixty_Lights=Sixty Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_Warning_(Birmingham_novel)=Without Warning (Birmingham novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Point_of_Pittsburgh=The Point of Pittsburgh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liver:_A_Fictional_Organ_with_a_Surface_Anatomy_of_Four_Lobes=Liver: A Fictional Organ with a Surface Anatomy of Four Lobes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Double_(novel)=Body Double (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Basic_Set=Dungeons & Dragons Basic Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_to_the_Dogs=Gone to the Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulu_Atlantis_and_the_Quest_for_True_Blue_Love=Lulu Atlantis and the Quest for True Blue Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doors_Open=Doors Open
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cool_Head=A Cool Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Shorts=Zen Shorts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Frontier=The Other Side of the Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_as_Blood,_or_Tales_from_the_Sisters_Grimmer=Red as Blood, or Tales from the Sisters Grimmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twentysix_Gasoline_Stations=Twentysix Gasoline Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Appeal_to_Reason=An Appeal to Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassie_Come-Home=Lassie Come-Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Cults=Deadly Cults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Haikus=Book of Haikus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow,_When_the_War_Began=Tomorrow, When the War Began
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_the_Clinic=The Birth of the Clinic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie_Gerhardt=Jennie Gerhardt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_the_Engine_Driver=The Art of the Engine Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift_of_Speed=The Gift of Speed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Robinson_novel)=Home (Robinson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spade_Cooley's_Western_Swing_Song_Folio=Spade Cooley's Western Swing Song Folio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glitch_in_Sleep=The Glitch in Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conditions_of_Faith=Conditions of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prochownik's_Dream=Prochownik's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queers_in_History=Queers in History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apprentice_(Gerritsen_novel)=The Apprentice (Gerritsen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Empire=After the Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Drinks=Last Drinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forever_War_(non-fiction_book)=The Forever War (non-fiction book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Striking_and_Picturesque_Delineations_of_the_Grand,_Beautiful,_Wonderful,_and_Interesting_Scenery_Around_Loch-Earn=Striking and Picturesque Delineations of the Grand, Beautiful, Wonderful, and Interesting Scenery Around Loch-Earn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twist_(stage_play)=Twist (stage play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Trunk_(novel)=Saratoga Trunk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Roof_Blowdown=The Tin Roof Blowdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhuangzi_(book)=Zhuangzi (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Belt_Patriotism=Black Belt Patriotism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twinkie_Squad=The Twinkie Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appaloosa_(novel)=Appaloosa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Cryptography_and_Security=Encyclopedia of Cryptography and Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sia_lives_on_Kilimanjaro=Sia lives on Kilimanjaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Days=A Thousand Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Inconvenient_Woman=An Inconvenient Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlology=Karlology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bottle_Factory_Outing=The Bottle Factory Outing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Split_Second=The Split Second
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_Zinc_Melodies=Cruel Zinc Melodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Low_Road_(novel)=The Low Road (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassina_Gambrel_Was_Missing=Cassina Gambrel Was Missing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee,_Tea_or_Me%3F=Coffee, Tea or Me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Death=The First Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Man=The Painted Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laura_l'immortelle=Laura l'immortelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_Book=The Garden Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_One_Hand_Clapping=The Sound of One Hand Clapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_River_Guide=Death of a River Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gone-Away_World=The Gone-Away World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technopoly=Technopoly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Burnt_Cottage=The Mystery of the Burnt Cottage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corduroy_Mansions=Corduroy Mansions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandide_and_the_Secret_of_the_Mists=Kandide and the Secret of the Mists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_as_Demons:_The_Male_Perception_of_Women_through_Space_and_Time=Women as Demons: The Male Perception of Women through Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lincoln_Hunters=The Lincoln Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bengali_film_directory=Bengali film directory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Blind,_Flying_Safe=Flying Blind, Flying Safe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Memory=The Longest Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_City,_Not_My_Own=Another City, Not My Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_in_the_Graveyard=Whispers in the Graveyard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Girls_(novel)=Daddy's Girls (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion's_Promise=Passion's Promise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Story_(Julie_Couillard_book)=My Story (Julie Couillard book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolita=Lolita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moomin=Moomin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_Writing_About_Money=Women Writing About Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_and_Nights_of_Love_and_War=Days and Nights of Love and War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_West,_Christians_and_Jews_in_Saudi_Arabian_Schoolbooks=The West, Christians and Jews in Saudi Arabian Schoolbooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_the_Gods=The Garden of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Primitive_and_Other_Essays=Future Primitive and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Penguins=Evil Penguins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extra_Mile_(story_collection)=The Extra Mile (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commissar_Vanishes=The Commissar Vanishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Bakunin_to_Lacan=From Bakunin to Lacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Moonjellies=Night of the Moonjellies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Egmo=The Story of Egmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassador's_Mission=The Ambassador's Mission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeds_of_Change:_Five_Plants_That_Transformed_Mankind=Seeds of Change: Five Plants That Transformed Mankind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necessary_Heartbreak=Necessary Heartbreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Army_of_the_Republic=The Army of the Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Darker_Domain=A Darker Domain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolution_(novel)=Absolution (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expiration_Date_(novel)=Expiration Date (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orson_Scott_Card's_InterGalactic_Medicine_Show=Orson Scott Card's InterGalactic Medicine Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Die=Before I Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecily_G._and_the_Nine_Monkeys=Cecily G. and the Nine Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_Tactics_of_the_Chalk_Stream=Minor Tactics of the Chalk Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/January_(novel)=January (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charioteer_of_Delphi=The Charioteer of Delphi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Dog=The Lost Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_a_Trout_with_the_Fly=The Way of a Trout with the Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gens_des_nuages=Gens des nuages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_Is_Falling_(Pearson_novel)=The Sky Is Falling (Pearson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diego_et_Frida=Diego et Frida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Study=Fire Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_(novel)=The Race (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tax_Inspector=The Tax Inspector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mexican_Dream,_or,_The_Interrupted_Thought_of_Amerindian_Civilizations=The Mexican Dream, or, The Interrupted Thought of Amerindian Civilizations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moral_Hazard_(novel)=Moral Hazard (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gun_(novel)=The Gun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wordy_Shipmates=The Wordy Shipmates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_of_Harry_Bright=The Secrets of Harry Bright
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polaris_(novel)=Polaris (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_(novel)=Omega (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Fly_Fishing_for_Trout=A History of Fly Fishing for Trout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cookie_(novel)=Cookie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Warriors=Mother Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Little_Dreams=Three Little Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buyology=Buyology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Beauty_(Edna_Ferber_novel)=American Beauty (Edna Ferber novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Truth_(novel)=The Whole Truth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joined-Up_Thinking=Joined-Up Thinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_of_Contrasts=A Life of Contrasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_Lord=The Dragon Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Trail_of_the_Assassins=On the Trail of the Assassins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Wire_and_String=The Age of Wire and String
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tomb_for_Boris_Davidovich=A Tomb for Boris Davidovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepovers_(book)=Sleepovers (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aramis,_or_the_Love_of_Technology=Aramis, or the Love of Technology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Devil's_Teeth=Beyond the Devil's Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnie_and_Moo:_Will_You_Be_My_Valentine%3F=Minnie and Moo: Will You Be My Valentine?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_King_Solomon's_Mines=In Search of King Solomon's Mines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click,_Clack,_Quackity-Quack=Click, Clack, Quackity-Quack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_His-Story,_Against_Leviathan=Against His-Story, Against Leviathan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_from_the_Moon=Jewels from the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Arabian_Nights=In Arabian Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caliph's_House=The Caliph's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trail_of_Feathers=Trail of Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Middle_East_Bedside_Book=The Middle East Bedside Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Tiger_King=House of the Tiger King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_Where_the_West_Begins=Out Where the West Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Rules_Cyclopedia=Dungeons & Dragons Rules Cyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Value_(book)=Face Value (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible!=Invisible!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click,_Clack,_Splish,_Splash=Click, Clack, Splish, Splash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onitsha_(novel)=Onitsha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_I_Am_(book)=The Way I Am (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_That_Are=Things That Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Origin_(novel)=Point of Origin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mating_(novel)=Mating (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confederates_(novel)=Confederates (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Angel_in_Australia=An Angel in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Widow_and_Her_Hero=The Widow and Her Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Concise_Treatise_on_the_Art_of_Angling=A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Two_Rivers=Between Two Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_You_Bleed:_The_Saga_of_Guns_N'_Roses=Watch You Bleed: The Saga of Guns N' Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Hanging_and_Other_Stories=A Good Hanging and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Presence:_A_Ghost_Story=The Presence: A Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Palaeontology=Basic Palaeontology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Egyptian=The Last Egyptian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaslight_series=Gaslight series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brass_Verdict=The Brass Verdict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Wooreddy's_Prescription_for_Enduring_the_Ending_of_the_World=Doctor Wooreddy's Prescription for Enduring the Ending of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Amata_(novel)=Terra Amata (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calm_at_Sunset,_Calm_at_Dawn=Calm at Sunset, Calm at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Orange=My Life in Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Autumn_(Robert_B._Parker_novel)=Early Autumn (Robert B. Parker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decameron=The Decameron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floating_Flies_and_How_to_Dress_Them=Floating Flies and How to Dress Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaver_(Baxter_novel)=Weaver (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Digital_Poetry=Prehistoric Digital Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_Me_if_You_Can_(book)=Catch Me if You Can (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_the_Tiny_Horse_at_Large=Tim the Tiny Horse at Large
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinite_Loop_(book)=Infinite Loop (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Historical_Atlas_of_South_Asia=A Historical Atlas of South Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn_Rate=Burn Rate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Real_Basket_Case=A Real Basket Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sufis=The Sufis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_a_body_to_remember_with=And a body to remember with
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poop:_A_Natural_History_of_the_Unmentionable=Poop: A Natural History of the Unmentionable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_Poop=The Truth About Poop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flush!:_The_Scoop_on_Poop_Throughout_the_Ages=Flush!: The Scoop on Poop Throughout the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earth,_My_Butt,_and_Other_Big_Round_Things=The Earth, My Butt, and Other Big Round Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterdance:_The_Fine_Madness_of_Running_the_Iditarod=Winterdance: The Fine Madness of Running the Iditarod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payback:_Debt_and_the_Shadow_Side_of_Wealth=Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Lessons=Italian Lessons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Sufi=The Way of the Sufi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sandman_(book)=The Sandman (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francesca's_Kitchen=Francesca's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winds_of_Darkover=The Winds of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Wreckers=The World Wreckers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_O'Clock_Chop=The One O'Clock Chop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apartment_255=Apartment 255
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Leopard=The Snow Leopard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Game_for_the_Living=A Game for the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Faces_of_January=The Two Faces of January
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Latter-day_Saints=The Story of the Latter-day Saints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_Never_Lies=Grandpa Never Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockroach_Cooties=Cockroach Cooties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_Wendy=Tomorrow Wendy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renunciates_of_Darkover=Renunciates of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leroni_of_Darkover=Leroni of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towers_of_Darkover=Towers of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Zimmer_Bradley's_Darkover=Marion Zimmer Bradley's Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_Surprise=The Circus Surprise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Suspension_of_Mercy=A Suspension of Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dog's_Ransom=A Dog's Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Comes_Twice=Twilight Comes Twice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_to_Say_Hello=Time to Say Hello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Three_Planets=Tales of Three Planets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nietzsche_and_Philosophy=Nietzsche and Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Same_Stuff_as_Stars=The Same Stuff as Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Undercover=Hollywood Undercover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_and_The_Brains_Trust=William and The Brains Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snows_of_Darkover=Snows of Darkover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Go-Giver=The Go-Giver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_and_Magic=Murder and Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Darcy_Investigates=Lord Darcy Investigates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favorite_Flies_and_Their_Histories=Favorite Flies and Their Histories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caine_Black_Knife=Caine Black Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Rock_Miner's_Handbook=Hard Rock Miner's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clay_Marble=The Clay Marble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_in_the_Dark_(novel)=Man in the Dark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_of_Poppies=Sea of Poppies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lucky_One_(novel)=The Lucky One (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fool_(novel)=Fool (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_to_the_Hills=Escape to the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Salmon_Fly=The Salmon Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Purple_Place_for_Dying=A Purple Place for Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quick_Red_Fox=The Quick Red Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Their_Dogs_Came_with_Them=Their Dogs Came with Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Nemo:_The_Fantastic_History_of_a_Dark_Genius=Captain Nemo: The Fantastic History of a Dark Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Bach=The Children's Bach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_to_Remember_(novel)=A Walk to Remember (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Massacre=American Massacre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Speaker=The Shadow Speaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Deadly_Shade_of_Gold=A Deadly Shade of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright_Orange_for_the_Shroud=Bright Orange for the Shroud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_in_Rodanthe_(novel)=Nights in Rodanthe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darker_than_Amber=Darker than Amber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Ghost_Rescue=The Great Ghost Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Catchers=Storm Catchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah:_How_a_Hockey_Mom_Turned_Alaska's_Political_Establishment_Upside_Down=Sarah: How a Hockey Mom Turned Alaska's Political Establishment Upside Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fearful_Yellow_Eye=One Fearful Yellow Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mass_Psychology_of_Fascism=The Mass Psychology of Fascism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pale_Gray_for_Guilt=Pale Gray for Guilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida's_Shipwrecks=Florida's Shipwrecks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Frank=Loving Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_the_Plain_Brown_Wrapper=The Girl in the Plain Brown Wrapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dress_Her_in_Indigo=Dress Her in Indigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Lavender_Look=The Long Lavender Look
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elegance_of_the_Hedgehog=The Elegance of the Hedgehog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Assassinations=Between the Assassinations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everybody_Is_Different=Everybody Is Different
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Come_Clean_(novel)=Come Clean (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Book_on_Angling=A Book on Angling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_the_World:_Recommended_English_Names=Birds of the World: Recommended English Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_Rising=Blue Moon Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_(novel)=Back (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sable_Quean=The Sable Quean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icarus_at_the_Edge_of_Time=Icarus at the Edge of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Recent_Holarctic_Bird_Species=List of Recent Holarctic Bird Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Choice_(philosophy_book)=The Choice (philosophy book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_War_Ever=The Best War Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novelas_ejemplares=Novelas ejemplares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_and_Resurrection_of_the_American_Programmer=Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacker's_Art_of_Fly_Making=Blacker's Art of Fly Making
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_(novel)=Wonderland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_the_Shroud=The Lady of the Shroud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Without_My_Sister=Not Without My Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scandal_of_Empire=The Scandal of Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternative_Energy:_Political,_Economic,_and_Social_Feasibility=Alternative Energy: Political, Economic, and Social Feasibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zoya_Factor=The Zoya Factor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unforgiving_Wind=The Unforgiving Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aesthetic_Dimension=The Aesthetic Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man-Eater=The Man-Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tan_and_Sandy_Silence=A Tan and Sandy Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Ruse=The Scarlet Ruse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Turquoise_Lament=The Turquoise Lament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dreadful_Lemon_Sky=The Dreadful Lemon Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empty_Copper_Sea=The Empty Copper Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Fall_in_Crimson=Free Fall in Crimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Test_(novel)=The Test (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinnamon_Skin=Cinnamon Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Factory=The Shadow Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K_(Kylie_Minogue_book)=K (Kylie Minogue book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Valley=Burning Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_Fern_(novel)=Magic Fern (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Olympian=The Last Olympian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burger_and_the_Hot_Dog=The Burger and the Hot Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicked_Witch_of_Oz=The Wicked Witch of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kentucky_Cardinal=A Kentucky Cardinal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rundelstone_of_Oz=The Rundelstone of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_a_Father_to_His_Daughter=Letters from a Father to His Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittgenstein's_Nephew=Wittgenstein's Nephew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Mountain=The Sleeping Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_on_the_Forge=Blood on the Forge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lonely_Voyage=The Lonely Voyage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_(novel)=Frost (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_(Fisher_novel)=Requiem (Fisher novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Correction_(novel)=Correction (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_and_the_Fort=The Forest and the Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azerbaijani_Soviet_Encyclopedia=Azerbaijani Soviet Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Woman_(novel)=The Iron Woman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clouded_Hills=Clouded Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Rotten_(novel)=Something Rotten (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessed_Unrest=Blessed Unrest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Tales=World Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternate_Presidents=Alternate Presidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelope_and_the_Humongous_Burp=Penelope and the Humongous Burp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_(novel)=Sidney (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_and_His_Wife=Philip and His Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Copper_Beech=The Copper Beech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet's_Halloween_Candy=Harriet's Halloween Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainwashing:_The_Science_of_Thought_Control=Brainwashing: The Science of Thought Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fish_out_of_Water_(book)=A Fish out of Water (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Speaks_(book)=Martha Speaks (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policeman_Bluejay=Policeman Bluejay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resistance:_The_Gathering_Storm=Resistance: The Gathering Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longitude_(book)=Longitude (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Moon=Crab Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loser=The Loser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Wave=Shadow Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astonishing_Life_of_Octavian_Nothing,_Traitor_to_the_Nation,_Volume_II:_The_Kingdom_on_the_Waves=The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Male_Power=The Myth of Male Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couldn't_Keep_It_to_Myself=Couldn't Keep It to Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Believers_(novel)=The Believers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ole_Doc_Methuselah=Ole Doc Methuselah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minimanual_of_the_Urban_Guerrilla=Minimanual of the Urban Guerrilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Case_of_Exploding_Mangoes=A Case of Exploding Mangoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counterrevolution_and_Revolt=Counterrevolution and Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosopher's_Pupil=The Philosopher's Pupil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Garden_of_Oz=The Giant Garden of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Fame=Fire and Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guide_Mayer=Guide Mayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_There_Is_No_Doctor=Where There Is No Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodcutters_(novel)=Woodcutters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lime_Works=The Lime Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Duchess_of_Windsor_(Mosley_biography)=The Duchess of Windsor (Mosley biography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Storm=Castle Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_of_Helena_Richie=The Awakening of Helena Richie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gargoyles_(novel)=Gargoyles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extinction_(Bernhard_novel)=Extinction (Bernhard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Robot_City:_Odyssey=Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Robot_City:_Suspicion=Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Suspicion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Robot_City:_Cyborg=Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Cyborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Robot_City:_Prodigy=Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Prodigy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Robot_City:_Refuge=Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac_Asimov's_Robot_City:_Perihelion=Isaac Asimov's Robot City: Perihelion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Mountain=On the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ant_and_the_Elephant=The Ant and the Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry,_A_History=Harry, A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handling_the_Undead=Handling the Undead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taken_(novel)=Taken (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Kids=Gay Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_(novel)=Yes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Descend=Grave Descend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drug_of_Choice=Drug of Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealing:_or_the_Berkeley-to-Boston_Forty-Brick_Lost-Bag_Blues=Dealing: or the Berkeley-to-Boston Forty-Brick Lost-Bag Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_Johns_(book)=Jasper Johns (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woundlicker=Woundlicker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_on_Kirrin_Island_Again=Five on Kirrin Island Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_Off_to_Camp=Five Go Off to Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Get_into_Trouble=Five Get into Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Fall_into_Adventure=Five Fall into Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_on_a_Hike_Together=Five on a Hike Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Have_Plenty_of_Fun=Five Have Plenty of Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_on_a_Secret_Trail=Five on a Secret Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_to_Billycock_Hill=Five Go to Billycock Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Have_a_Mystery_to_Solve=Five Have a Mystery to Solve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_on_Finniston_Farm=Five on Finniston Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_to_Demon's_Rocks=Five Go to Demon's Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bumblebee_Flies_Anyway_(novel)=The Bumblebee Flies Anyway (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterimage_(novel)=Afterimage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Higher_Up=The Man Higher Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_Planck_Encyclopedia_of_Public_International_Law=Max Planck Encyclopedia of Public International Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voyage_of_the_Snake_Lady=The Voyage of the Snake Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gypsies_(poem)=The Gypsies (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Middle_of_the_Night_(novel)=In the Middle of the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Read_to_Me,_I'll_Read_to_You=You Read to Me, I'll Read to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_Games_(novel)=The Hunger Games (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affluenza:_When_Too_Much_is_Never_Enough=Affluenza: When Too Much is Never Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Like_Me=White Like Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golokdham_Rahasya=Golokdham Rahasya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cheyenne_Indians:_Their_History_and_Lifeways=The Cheyenne Indians: Their History and Lifeways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bugis=The Bugis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Plant_This_Book=Please Plant This Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Prince_of_Oz=The Hidden Prince of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin:_Talking_About_Sex,_Class_&_Literature=Skin: Talking About Sex, Class & Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detour_for_Emmy=Detour for Emmy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panda_Bear,_Panda_Bear,_What_Do_You_See%3F=Panda Bear, Panda Bear, What Do You See?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Cocktail=Black Cocktail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Feudalism_(book)=Indian Feudalism (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_by_State=State by State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Nuclear_Futures=Non-Nuclear Futures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Days_in_June=Four Days in June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkhouse=Darkhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchy_Alive!=Anarchy Alive!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disquiet_Heart=Disquiet Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Ted=Call Me Ted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Black_Spruce=Through Black Spruce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Fountain_of_Oz=The Forbidden Fountain of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_House_is_Built=A House is Built
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Fort_Duquesne=Old Fort Duquesne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_the_Brute=Return of the Brute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Horror_Part_II=The Amityville Horror Part II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BASIC_Computer_Games=BASIC Computer Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_Bible=The Story Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krondor:_The_Betrayal=Krondor: The Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Via_Veneto_Papers=The Via Veneto Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stover_at_Yale=Stover at Yale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_the_Black_Bass=Book of the Black Bass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Spaceflight_Chronology=Star Trek Spaceflight Chronology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underdark_(supplement)=Underdark (supplement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autism's_False_Prophets=Autism's False Prophets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Latimers=The Latimers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delectable_Country=The Delectable Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(novel)=Coming Home (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miners_Hill=Miners Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archform:_Beauty=Archform: Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Cities_(novel)=Two Cities (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sum:_Forty_Tales_from_the_Afterlives=Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuben_(novel)=Reuben (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiding_Place_(novel)=Hiding Place (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sent_for_You_Yesterday=Sent for You Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Jennie_Brice=The Case of Jennie Brice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Cad=Death of a Cad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Raisin_and_the_Quiche_of_Death=Agatha Raisin and the Quiche of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/102_Minutes:_The_Untold_Story_of_the_Fight_to_Survive_Inside_the_Twin_Towers=102 Minutes: The Untold Story of the Fight to Survive Inside the Twin Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Contender_(Lipsyte_novel)=The Contender (Lipsyte novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kings_of_Clonmel=The Kings of Clonmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ozmapolitan_of_Oz=The Ozmapolitan of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriarcha=Patriarcha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_of_Rivals=Team of Rivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petals_of_Blood=Petals of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahead_of_the_Curve=Ahead of the Curve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eunoia_(book)=Eunoia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Frog_Princess_(novel)=The Frog Princess (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleeting_Rome=Fleeting Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Orchard=The King's Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Amityville=Murder in Amityville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_the_End=Remember the End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rolling_Years=The Rolling Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gown_of_Glory=The Gown of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightingale_(novel)=The Nightingale (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outliers_(book)=Outliers (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Richlands=The Richlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Fury_(novel)=Black Fury (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stories_of_the_Sahara=The Stories of the Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bing_Crosby's_Last_Song=Bing Crosby's Last Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duffy's_Rocks=Duffy's Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persistent_Image=The Persistent Image
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venice_for_Lovers=Venice for Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_the_Bar=Death at the Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Curtain=Final Curtain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nursing_Home_Murder=The Nursing Home Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_Unchained=The Phoenix Unchained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religion_within_the_Bounds_of_Bare_Reason=Religion within the Bounds of Bare Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Notes_from_a_Catastrophe=Field Notes from a Catastrophe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Goose:_His_Book=Father Goose: His Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Coal:_The_Dirty_Secret_Behind_America's_Energy_Future=Big Coal: The Dirty Secret Behind America's Energy Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_the_Lady=The Sword of the Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Late_Show_Fun_Facts=Late Show Fun Facts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tempering=The Tempering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_an_Outsider=Death of an Outsider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good-bye,_Billy_Radish=Good-bye, Billy Radish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Is_Miserable=Mr. Monk Is Miserable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covering:_The_Hidden_Assault_on_Our_Civil_Rights=Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Night_in_Chile=By Night in Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gladiators_from_Capua=The Gladiators from Capua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Candelabra's_Glare=By the Candelabra's Glare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocksburg_Railroad_Murders=The Rocksburg Railroad Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Read_Donald_Duck=How to Read Donald Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pale_Criminal=The Pale Criminal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Playfair=Tom Playfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Liked_to_Look_at_Himself=The Man Who Liked to Look at Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blank_Page=The Blank Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunger_and_Other_Stories=The Hunger and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazi_Literature_in_the_Americas=Nazi Literature in the Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonder=Yonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fix_Like_This=A Fix Like This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Liked_Slow_Tomatoes=The Man Who Liked Slow Tomatoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Star=Distant Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Evenings_on_Earth=Last Evenings on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Goose's_Year_Book=Father Goose's Year Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romantic_Dogs=The Romantic Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_of_Shadow=The Kingdom of Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L._Frank_Baum's_Juvenile_Speaker=L. Frank Baum's Juvenile Speaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_a_Body_to_Trade=Always a Body to Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upon_Some_Midnights_Clear=Upon Some Midnights Clear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joey's_Case=Joey's Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunshine_Enemies=Sunshine Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sign_of_the_Chrysanthemum=The Sign of the Chrysanthemum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Nightingales_That_Weep=Of Nightingales That Weep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottom_Liner_Blues=Bottom Liner Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_The_Final_Chapter=Amityville: The Final Chapter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riding_Rockets=Riding Rockets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Heart_So_White=A Heart So White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Back_of_Time=Dark Back of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomorrow_in_the_Battle_Think_on_Me=Tomorrow in the Battle Think on Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_Lives=Written Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebels_of_the_Heavenly_Kingdom=Rebels of the Heavenly Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello,_Harvest_Moon=Hello, Harvest Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackthorn_Winter_(Reiss_novel)=Blackthorn Winter (Reiss novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mitfords:_Letters_Between_Six_Sisters=The Mitfords: Letters Between Six Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abomination_(novel)=Abomination (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranks_and_Shadows=Cranks and Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Sons=Good Sons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Values_(novel)=Family Values (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brushback_(novel)=Brushback (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Suck=Why We Suck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Argue_with_an_Economist:_Reopening_Political_Debate_in_Australia=How to Argue with an Economist: Reopening Political Debate in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regenesis_(novel)=Regenesis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Mud=Blood Mud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grievance_(novel)=Grievance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flip-Flop_Girl=Flip-Flop Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Room_for_Dessert=Saving Room for Dessert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Is_No_Alternative:_Why_Margaret_Thatcher_Matters=There Is No Alternative: Why Margaret Thatcher Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vitamin_C_and_the_Common_Cold_(book)=Vitamin C and the Common Cold (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Messenger_(Silva_novel)=The Messenger (Silva novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Greatest_Warriors=The Five Greatest Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kill_Artist=The Kill Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_The_Horror_Returns=Amityville: The Horror Returns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Moto_Is_So_Sorry=Mr. Moto Is So Sorry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyo_(novel)=Eyo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two-Minute_Drill=Two-Minute Drill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complex:_An_Insider_Exposes_the_Covert_World_of_the_Church_of_Scientology=The Complex: An Insider Exposes the Covert World of the Church of Scientology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complex:_How_the_Military_Invades_Our_Everyday_Lives=The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bread_and_Roses,_Too=Bread and Roses, Too
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Love=The City of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenhorn_on_the_Frontier=Greenhorn on the Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amulet_(novel)=Amulet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sound_of_the_Beast=Sound of the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Bop=To Be or Not to Bop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Island_of_Oz=The Enchanted Island of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Holiday_Concert=The Last Holiday Concert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggars_Banquet_(book)=Beggars Banquet (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_Truth=The Other Side of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,000_Recordings_to_Hear_Before_You_Die=1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Power_(novel)=Night of Power (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semper_Mars=Semper Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_in_the_Air_(novel)=Up in the Air (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hold_Tight_(novel)=Hold Tight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hard_Life=The Hard Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flying_Girl=The Flying Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrows_in_the_Dark=Arrows in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amityville_Curse_(novel)=The Amityville Curse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy:_The_Quest_for_Truth=Philosophy: The Quest for Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bend_in_the_Road=A Bend in the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republic_of_the_Future=The Republic of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Town_on_Earth=The Last Town on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunes_for_a_Small_Harmonica=Tunes for a Small Harmonica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immigrants=The Immigrants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Solo_(novel)=Flying Solo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spider_Boy_(novel)=Spider Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Is_the_Exile=Home Is the Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bourse=La Bourse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Tease_a_Siamese=Never Tease a Siamese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caesar's_Column=Caesar's Column
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inherent_Vice=Inherent Vice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macaroni_Boy=Macaroni Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fig_Pudding=Fig Pudding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hour_of_the_Star=The Hour of the Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daring_Twins=The Daring Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_in_Winter=The World in Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Daddy=Uncle Daddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Eye_of_the_Needle=Through the Eye of the Needle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Came_Back_to_Show_You_I_Could_Fly=Came Back to Show You I Could Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_Kali=Song of Kali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chief_Scouts'_Advance_Party_Report=The Chief Scouts' Advance Party Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nana_Upstairs_&_Nana_Downstairs=Nana Upstairs & Nana Downstairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wilderness_(novel)=The Wilderness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Olympian_(novel)=The Olympian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Wizard_Stories_of_Oz=Little Wizard Stories of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Helicopter=God's Helicopter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoebe_Daring=Phoebe Daring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Piece_(book)=The Missing Piece (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K._(novel)=K. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Villa_Rose_(novel)=At the Villa Rose (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Fairy_Tales=Animal Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_Witchcraft=The Meaning of Witchcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Artifacts=Book of Artifacts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_Across_America=Lies Across America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Kind_of_Monday=Another Kind of Monday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort_(novel)=Beaufort (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow_Rules_(novel)=Moscow Rules (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Amazonia=New Amazonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicolas_Sarkozy_Voodoo_Manual=Nicolas Sarkozy Voodoo Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deer_Hunter_(novel)=The Deer Hunter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fish_That_Saved_Pittsburgh_(novel)=The Fish That Saved Pittsburgh (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Magarac_and_His_USA_Citizen_Papers=Joe Magarac and His USA Citizen Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keep_(Egan_novel)=The Keep (Egan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Shadows=Long Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy's_Stars=Jimmy's Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Smith_House_Hustle=The Great Smith House Hustle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Trouble_and_the_Magic_Marble=Tommy Trouble and the Magic Marble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruins_of_Undermountain=The Ruins of Undermountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield_Dreams=Marshfield Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascent_of_Money=The Ascent of Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buddha_and_His_Dhamma=The Buddha and His Dhamma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_Works=Camera Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Exile=Royal Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Book_of_Dwarves=The Complete Book of Dwarves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cover_Up_(novel)=Cover Up (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrant's_Blood=Tyrant's Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Memory=Blood and Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltava_(poem)=Poltava (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memento_Mori_(novel)=Memento Mori (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Wings=I Am Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Below=Night Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Education_of_Lev_Navrozov=The Education of Lev Navrozov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Voyage_to_Terra_Australis=A Voyage to Terra Australis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Advocate_(Morris_West_novel)=The Devil's Advocate (Morris West novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unveiling_a_Parallel=Unveiling a Parallel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Things:_Poems_from_a_Walk_in_Early_Spring=Ordinary Things: Poems from a Walk in Early Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spell_of_the_Witch_World=Spell of the Witch World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lore_of_the_Witch_World=Lore of the Witch World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_Who_It_Is!=Look Who It Is!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_In_What%3F=Faith In What?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Football_Dreams=Football Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_My_Body=The Autobiography of My Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Work_(novel)=House Work (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Damned_Thing_(short_story)=The Damned Thing (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realtime_Interrupt=Realtime Interrupt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Talk_About_When_I_Talk_About_Running=What I Talk About When I Talk About Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Dishpan_of_Oz=The Magic Dishpan of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Goes_the_Neighborhood_(book)=There Goes the Neighborhood (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soldier's_Return=The Soldier's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noblesse_Oblige_(book)=Noblesse Oblige (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Battle_of_the_Icemark=Last Battle of the Icemark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Zoe=Dear Zoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Garden=Lost in the Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarpetta_(novel)=Scarpetta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_Vaughan=Clara Vaughan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yume_No_Hon:_The_Book_of_Dreams=Yume No Hon: The Book of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martial_Power=Martial Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Dog_Night_(novel)=Three Dog Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Assassin_(Daniel_Silva_novel)=The English Assassin (Daniel Silva novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arqtiq=Arqtiq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Samarcand=The Road to Samarcand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazons!=Amazons!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deer_Park=The Deer Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man_Falling=Dead Man Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbary_Shore=Barbary Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relatively_Speaking:_Poems_about_Family=Relatively Speaking: Poems about Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Gentle_Lady=Death of a Gentle Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Remembered=Kate Remembered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazons_II=Amazons II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughters_of_Destiny_(novel)=Daughters of Destiny (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alien_Factor_(Hardy_Boys/Tom_Swift)=The Alien Factor (Hardy Boys/Tom Swift)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Negroes=The Book of Negroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_be_Riled=Born to be Riled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forbidden_Tree=The Forbidden Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juggler_of_Worlds=Juggler of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racial_Culture:_A_Critique=Racial Culture: A Critique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fate_of_a_Crown=The Fate of a Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Game_(Mary_Russell_novel)=The Game (Mary Russell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabel_(novel)=Annabel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Alive:_The_Elements_of_Love=Buried Alive: The Elements of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juma_and_the_Magic_Jinn=Juma and the Magic Jinn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_from_the_Skies!=Death from the Skies!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Christopher_Killer=The Christopher Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portobello_(novel)=Portobello (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Present_(novel)=The Birthday Present (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturnes_(book)=Nocturnes (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Played_with_Fire=The Girl Who Played with Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attack_of_the_Mutant_Underwear=Attack of the Mutant Underwear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_False_Note=One False Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Ayn_Rand=On Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White-Washing_Race=White-Washing Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Individualism_and_Economic_Order=Individualism and Economic Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_of_Enemies=Best of Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_You_Been_to_the_Beach_Lately%3F=Have You Been to the Beach Lately?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Writing_Kind_of_Day=A Writing Kind of Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Darkness_II=Swords Against Darkness II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroic_Fantasy_(anthology)=Heroic Fantasy (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ailleurs=Ailleurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballaciner=Ballaciner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minds_of_Marginalized_Black_Men=The Minds of Marginalized Black Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_Day_(book)=Moving Day (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_Me_Across_the_Water=Carry Me Across the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Call_Me_Stupid=Just Call Me Stupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixing_Global_Finance=Fixing Global Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unequal_Childhoods=Unequal Childhoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Rainbow=The Other Side of the Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland:_Landscapes_of_God's_Peace=Ireland: Landscapes of God's Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_in_a_Lifetime=Moments in a Lifetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkey_Grip_(novel)=Monkey Grip (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Darkness_III=Swords Against Darkness III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Darkness=Swords Against Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Darkness_IV=Swords Against Darkness IV
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Darkness_V=Swords Against Darkness V
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawksmoor_(novel)=Hawksmoor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsin_(novel)=Tamsin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fludd_(novel)=Fludd (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rozabal_Line=The Rozabal Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacred_Balance=The Sacred Balance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remix_(book)=Remix (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastering_Perl=Mastering Perl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diothas=The Diothas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soldiers_of_Halla=The Soldiers of Halla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_War=The Holy War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Room_(novel)=The Room (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Case_of_Mr_Pelham=The Strange Case of Mr Pelham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tyranny_of_the_Market=The Tyranny of the Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Call_Me_Carpenter=They Call Me Carpenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Saint_Patrick's_Day_Flood=The Great Saint Patrick's Day Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_of_the_Tiger=The Race of the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Trees=Walking Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dynasty_of_Death=Dynasty of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Collar_Economy=The Green Collar Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Dernier_Verre=Le Dernier Verre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coldest_Winter:_America_and_the_Korean_War=The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_War_(novel)=After the War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Froudacity=Froudacity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_British_India=The History of British India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_Card:_Campaign_Strategy,_Implicit_Messages,_and_the_Norm_of_Equality=The Race Card: Campaign Strategy, Implicit Messages, and the Norm of Equality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Realms_Adventures=Forgotten Realms Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_Pictures_(novel)=Taking Pictures (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Mercy=The Book of Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Sunlight,_In_a_Beautiful_Garden=In Sunlight, In a Beautiful Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Barrens=Lost in the Barrens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Contemporaries=Great Contemporaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_of_Life=One Day of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Deadlock=Holy Deadlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Romance=The Great Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_and_the_Mind=Infinity and the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamat_ng_Gubat=Alamat ng Gubat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood_Dancing=Wildwood Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linda_McCartney's_Sixties=Linda McCartney's Sixties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_and_Soul_(Binchy_novel)=Heart and Soul (Binchy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Rebels:_Culture,_Politics,_and_the_Black_Working_Class=Race Rebels: Culture, Politics, and the Black Working Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayers_of_the_Truth=Betrayers of the Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_the_Holocaust_Unique%3F=Is the Holocaust Unique?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Dead_Dogs=No More Dead Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glimpse_of_Hell_(book)=A Glimpse of Hell (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_to_Kandahar=On the Road to Kandahar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Day_is_Mother's_Day=Every Day is Mother's Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_of_the_Spider=Moon of the Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Words_(book)=The Words (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Made_in_U.S.A._(novel)=Made in U.S.A. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider_(Latynina_novel)=The Insider (Latynina novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speaking_of_Jane_Roberts=Speaking of Jane Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scent_of_the_Roses=The Scent of the Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonardoo=Coonardoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter's_Run=Hunter's Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishful_Drinking=Wishful Drinking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idea_of_Perfection=The Idea of Perfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Girl_in_Old_Pittsburg=A Little Girl in Old Pittsburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thine_Is_the_Glory=Thine Is the Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Revisited=Earth Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_Hill=Suicide Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planine=Planine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Eyelids_Are_Growing_Heavy=Your Eyelids Are Growing Heavy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Thirty_and_The_Man-Eater=Beyond Thirty and The Man-Eater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1969:_The_Year_Everything_Changed=1969: The Year Everything Changed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power,_Profit_and_Protest=Power, Profit and Protest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drift_and_Mastery=Drift and Mastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sub-Coelum=Sub-Coelum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Laughter=The Pursuit of Laughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_a_Crocodile_Eats_the_Sun=When a Crocodile Eats the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You'll_Never_Eat_Lunch_in_This_Town_Again=You'll Never Eat Lunch in This Town Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bulwark=The Bulwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_dos_vientos._Criticas_y_semblanzas=A dos vientos. Criticas y semblanzas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Lies_(Meltzer_novel)=The Book of Lies (Meltzer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feathers_(novel)=Feathers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educating_Eve=Educating Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benevolent_Assimilation_(book)=Benevolent Assimilation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Thinking_(book)=Magical Thinking (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicks_in_Chainmail=Chicks in Chainmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Propitious_Esculent=The Propitious Esculent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_Darkness=Lords of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sometimes_a_Little_Brain_Damage_Can_Help=Sometimes a Little Brain Damage Can Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_You_Say_Chicks%3F!=Did You Say Chicks?!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicks_'n_Chained_Males=Chicks 'n Chained Males
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chick_is_in_the_Mail=The Chick is in the Mail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turn_the_Other_Chick=Turn the Other Chick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_13th_Reality=The 13th Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2894_(novel)=2894 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_that_Ate_the_Hamptons=The House that Ate the Hamptons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business/IT_Fusion=Business/IT Fusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_ronde_et_autres_faits_divers=La ronde et autres faits divers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Milltillionaire=The Milltillionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Promise_(novel)=Blood Promise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nether_World=The Nether World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamburlaine_Must_Die=Tamburlaine Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Dawn=Breaking Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservation_Fallout=Conservation Fallout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_a_Department_Store=The World a Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelidar=Kelidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_Obama:_Der_schwarze_Kennedy=Barack Obama: Der schwarze Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bless_You_Boys=Bless You Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_to_Nowhere_(novel)=The Bridge to Nowhere (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Edge_of_the_Heroic_World=The Mysterious Edge of the Heroic World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_Song_(book)=Redemption Song (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Girls=The Wild Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sam_Steele's_Adventures_on_Land_and_Sea=Sam Steele's Adventures on Land and Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annals_of_the_Twenty-Ninth_Century=Annals of the Twenty-Ninth Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_(Thorup_novel)=Baby (Thorup novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Murder_Stella=We Murder Stella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Angry_Rabbit=The Year of the Angry Rabbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Found_(novel)=Found (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Gardens=Coral Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_Kau=The People of Kau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_of_the_Nuba=The Last of the Nuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handles_(novel)=Handles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Classic_Climbs_of_North_America=Fifty Classic Climbs of North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Chercheur_d'or=Le Chercheur d'or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandering_Star_(novel)=Wandering Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poisson_d'or_(novel)=Poisson d'or (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Quarantaine_(novel)=La Quarantaine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ourania_(novel)=Ourania (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritournelle_de_la_faim=Ritournelle de la faim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Near_to_Baby=Getting Near to Baby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawana=Pawana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Africa=Vanishing Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondo_and_Other_Stories=Mondo and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Pound_Bank_Note=The Million Pound Bank Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise:_God's_Purpose_and_Plan_for_When_Life_Hurts=The Promise: God's Purpose and Plan for When Life Hurts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Nightwish=Once Upon a Nightwish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Along_for_the_Ride_(novel)=Along for the Ride (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tractatus_de_Intellectus_Emendatione=Tractatus de Intellectus Emendatione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Clarkson_on_Ferrari=Jeremy Clarkson on Ferrari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Album_of_Dinosaurs=Album of Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sent_(novel)=Sent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britain,_Australia_and_the_Bomb=Britain, Australia and the Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graphic_Storytelling_and_Visual_Narrative=Graphic Storytelling and Visual Narrative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyage_au_pays_des_arbres=Voyage au pays des arbres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Aurore=Villa Aurore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writers_on_Comics_Scriptwriting=Writers on Comics Scriptwriting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Over_Ship=Mind Over Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill,_Hitler_and_the_Unnecessary_War=Churchill, Hitler and the Unnecessary War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_the_Appearances:_A_Study_in_Idolatry=Saving the Appearances: A Study in Idolatry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_Guy:_Peter_Griffin's_Guide_to_the_Holidays=Family Guy: Peter Griffin's Guide to the Holidays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Could_Be_Worse=Things Could Be Worse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wings_of_Merlin=The Wings of Merlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Oil=Beyond Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Freedom=Pirate Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_(book)=The Secret (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Act_of_Creation=The Act of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_in_the_Dress=The Boy in the Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Global_Spin=Global Spin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aller_Retour_New_York=Aller Retour New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_13=Year's Best SF 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_Abroad=Aunt Jane's Nieces Abroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_Springfield=Leaving Springfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starring_Tracy_Beaker=Starring Tracy Beaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_at_the_Fence=Angel at the Fence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_(book)=Curious George (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_Takes_a_Job=Curious George Takes a Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Forest=The Eye of the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_Rides_a_Bike=Curious George Rides a Bike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leni_Riefenstahl's_Memoiren=Leni Riefenstahl's Memoiren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_under_Water=Wonder under Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlowe's_Guide_to_Fantasy=Barlowe's Guide to Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syren_(novel)=Syren (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_and_Found_(novel)=Lost and Found (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poverty_of_Historicism=The Poverty of Historicism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_Goes_to_the_Hospital=Curious George Goes to the Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Grande_Vie_(novella)=La Grande Vie (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Technologies_to_Fix_Energy_and_Climate=Ten Technologies to Fix Energy and Climate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_from_the_Shadows=Storm from the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_at_Millville=Aunt Jane's Nieces at Millville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Road=The White Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorandums_taken_on_a_journey_from_Paris_into_the_southern_parts_of_France_and_Northern_Italy,_in_the_year_1787=Memorandums taken on a journey from Paris into the southern parts of France and Northern Italy, in the year 1787
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonwyck_(novel)=Dragonwyck (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plutonium_Files=The Plutonium Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Code_of_the_Harpers=The Code of the Harpers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Floyd=Aurora Floyd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent_and_the_Rainbow_(book)=The Serpent and the Rainbow (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Fidgeta_and_Other_Parodies=St. Fidgeta and Other Parodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cost_of_Discipleship=The Cost of Discipleship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Maximillian_Bacchus_and_His_Travelling_Circus=Mr. Maximillian Bacchus and His Travelling Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crystal_Age=A Crystal Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunrise_(novel)=Sunrise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_My_Home_Once_Stood=Here My Home Once Stood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Atlas_of_Fantasy=An Atlas of Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statism_and_Anarchy=Statism and Anarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Bible=The Green Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Adventure=The Island of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical_Apartheid=Medical Apartheid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_Ashes_(book)=Legacy of Ashes (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geographical_Dictionary_of_the_Kingdom_of_Poland=Geographical Dictionary of the Kingdom of Poland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_the_Flood=The Year of the Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fringe_Dwellers=The Fringe Dwellers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Peace_with_the_Planet=Making Peace with the Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabin_Faced_West=The Cabin Faced West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_22=New Writings in SF 22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_1=New Writings in SF 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumors:_A_Luxe_Novel=Rumors: A Luxe Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_in_Society=Aunt Jane's Nieces in Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Food_for_Millionaires=Free Food for Millionaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Exorcist:_Critical_Essays_on_William_Peter_Blatty=American Exorcist: Critical Essays on William Peter Blatty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bro_Code=Bro Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinflicks=Kinflicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_with_Interruptions=Death with Interruptions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossroads_(novel)=The Crossroads (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Rattling_Spirits=King of the Rattling Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat-Manga!:_The_Secret_History_of_Batman_in_Japan=Bat-Manga!: The Secret History of Batman in Japan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oversoul_Seven_Trilogy=The Oversoul Seven Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_the_Birds_of_Mexico_and_Northern_Central_America=A Guide to the Birds of Mexico and Northern Central America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_Called_Freedom=A Place Called Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Llano_en_llamas=El Llano en llamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_and_Uncle_John=Aunt Jane's Nieces and Uncle John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Speech:_Race_and_Barack_Obama's_%22A_More_Perfect_Union%22=The Speech: Race and Barack Obama's "A More Perfect Union"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_Babies=Babylon Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vacant_Possession_(novel)=Vacant Possession (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doom_3:_Maelstrom=Doom 3: Maelstrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victims_of_Yalta=Victims of Yalta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruno's_Dream=Bruno's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Nigger_Die!=Die Nigger Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_at_Work=Aunt Jane's Nieces at Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shut_Up_&_Sing:_How_Elites_from_Hollywood,_Politics,_and_the_UN_Are_Subverting_America=Shut Up & Sing: How Elites from Hollywood, Politics, and the UN Are Subverting America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Soup=Broken Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Energy_Work=Energy Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Home,_Jellybean=Welcome Home, Jellybean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Place_to_Die=A Beautiful Place to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Groves_of_Academe=The Groves of Academe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Jane's_Nieces_in_the_Red_Cross=Aunt Jane's Nieces in the Red Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Person_of_Interest_(novel)=A Person of Interest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jukebox_Queen_of_Malta=The Jukebox Queen of Malta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Woman_with_No_Clothes_On=A Woman with No Clothes On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Heroes_(book)=Ordinary Heroes (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/43_Years_with_the_Same_Bird=43 Years with the Same Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Eating_Bugs=Man Eating Bugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eat-A-Bug_Cookbook=The Eat-A-Bug Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_History_of_the_Future=A Brief History of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_2=New Writings in SF 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_3=New Writings in SF 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Interflux=Son of Interflux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_4=New Writings in SF 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_5=New Writings in SF 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_6=New Writings in SF 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kine_Saga=The Kine Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louis_Althusser_and_the_Traditions_of_French_Marxism=Louis Althusser and the Traditions of French Marxism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Monkeys=Bad Monkeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Side_Effects_(book)=Side Effects (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanesville_(novel)=Zanesville (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sister,_My_Love_(novel)=My Sister, My Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_7=New Writings in SF 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_8=New Writings in SF 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_10=New Writings in SF 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_9=New Writings in SF 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_11=New Writings in SF 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_12=New Writings in SF 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autonomy_(novel)=Autonomy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Coins,_Please=No Coins, Please
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Master's_Guide_2=Dungeon Master's Guide 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Manual_2=Monster Manual 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Handbook_2=Player's Handbook 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_Fire_(novel)=Frozen Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Realms_Campaign_Guide=Forgotten Realms Campaign Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_Realms_Player's_Guide=Forgotten Realms Player's Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Unrat=Professor Unrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riot_(novel)=Riot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Me%3F_(novel)=Remember Me? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krillitane_Storm=The Krillitane Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curtain_Up_(novel)=Curtain Up (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harriet_Said...=Harriet Said...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Trencher's_Farm=The Siege of Trencher's Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderlands/La_Frontera:_The_New_Mestiza=Borderlands/La Frontera: The New Mestiza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Tomorrow=Swords Against Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greatest_Show_on_Earth:_The_Evidence_for_Evolution=The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ionia_(novel)=Ionia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easy_Money_(novel)=Easy Money (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colossus_and_the_Crab=Colossus and the Crab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Couldn't_Leave_Dinah=We Couldn't Leave Dinah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronic_City=Chronic City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandria_(novel)=Alexandria (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashkharatsuyts=Ashkharatsuyts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Faces_(novel)=Trading Faces (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Question=La Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_the_End_of_the_World_(short_story_collection)=Not the End of the World (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Visitors_from_London=Visitors from London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Corpse_Too_Many=One Corpse Too Many
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Folklore_of_Discworld=The Folklore of Discworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swordsmen_and_Supermen=Swordsmen and Supermen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Episode_in_the_Life_of_a_Landscape_Painter=An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liars_in_Love=Liars in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worry_Website=The Worry Website
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts_(Aira_novel)=Ghosts (Aira novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Became_a_Nun=How I Became a Nun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_(Rogers_novel)=Island (Rogers novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radium_Woman=The Radium Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Magdalene=The Secret Magdalene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_West=Young West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Boy=River Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karmabhoomi=Karmabhoomi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Lowbrow_to_Nobrow=From Lowbrow to Nobrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same_Kind_of_Different_as_Me=Same Kind of Different as Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Separation_of_Power=Separation of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutiny_on_the_Amistad=Mutiny on the Amistad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Prophetic_Romance=A Prophetic Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Ambiguity=A Certain Ambiguity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_to_House=House to House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewey:_The_Small-Town_Library_Cat_Who_Touched_the_World=Dewey: The Small-Town Library Cat Who Touched the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_(novel)=The Women (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literature_from_the_%22Axis_of_Evil%22=Literature from the "Axis of Evil"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parable_of_the_Blind_(novel)=The Parable of the Blind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Giants_Walked_the_Earth=When Giants Walked the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/07_Seconds_or_Less=07 Seconds or Less
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GAA_Confidential=GAA Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Wheel=The Great Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Thinks_of_Greenland=No One Thinks of Greenland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatraz_Versus_the_Scrivener's_Bones=Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Horizon_(novel)=Hell's Horizon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Israel's_Secret_Wars=Israel's Secret Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Presidente_Negro=O Presidente Negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paint_It_Black_(novel)=Paint It Black (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen's_Briefing_Book=Citizen's Briefing Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iterative_Receiver_Design=Iterative Receiver Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Hard_Things=Do Hard Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifth_Planet=Fifth Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossian's_Ride=Ossian's Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Between_the_Tates=The War Between the Tates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_World_(Crichton_novel)=The Lost World (Crichton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Mars=Journey to Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trick_or_Treatment=Trick or Treatment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_to_Zero=Code to Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Robe=The Black Robe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taking_of_Chelsea_426=The Taking of Chelsea 426
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bind_Us_Together=Bind Us Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_Book_of_British_Hit_Singles=The Virgin Book of British Hit Singles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocent:_Her_Fancy_and_His_Fact=Innocent: Her Fancy and His Fact
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Past_Midnight_in_Bhopal=Five Past Midnight in Bhopal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls_Who_Went_Away=The Girls Who Went Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_Venus=Journey to Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Banking=The Mystery of Banking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_for_War=Wired for War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_Girl_in_My_Hammerlock=There's a Girl in My Hammerlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Ransom=Dead Man's Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Until_Dark=Dead Until Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_City_of_Z_(book)=The Lost City of Z (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Time_Machine=The Accidental Time Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Hundred_Years_Together=Two Hundred Years Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Fire_(The_Last_Dragon_Chronicles)=Dark Fire (The Last Dragon Chronicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lazarus_Project_(novel)=The Lazarus Project (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayers_for_Bobby:_A_Mother's_Coming_to_Terms_with_the_Suicide_of_Her_Gay_Son=Prayers for Bobby: A Mother's Coming to Terms with the Suicide of Her Gay Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalice_(novel)=Chalice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_of_My_Own=A Place of My Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostalgia_(novel)=Nostalgia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Miss_Finch=Poor Miss Finch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchemy_of_Desire=The Alchemy of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skagboys=Skagboys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactic_Odyssey=Galactic Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Decathlon=The Last Decathlon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paula_Spencer_(novel)=Paula Spencer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Ghost_Recon_(novel)=Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Nieuwe_en_Onbekende_Weereld=De Nieuwe en Onbekende Weereld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fork_Me,_Spoon_Me=Fork Me, Spoon Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Touch_(McCullough_novel)=The Touch (McCullough novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drunken_Forest=The Drunken Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politics_of_Reality=The Politics of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_to_Rebecca=The Key to Rebecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Death_in_Vienna=A Death in Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaf_In_A_Bitter_Wind=Leaf In A Bitter Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yankee_Years=The Yankee Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foe_(novel)=Foe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonwalk_(book)=Moonwalk (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_the_King_of_the_Castle=I'm the King of the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savvy_(novel)=Savvy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_from_the_Forest=Gossip from the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Dog_Years=My Life in Dog Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reheated_Cabbage=Reheated Cabbage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlah=Darlah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeper_(Gordon_and_Williams_novel)=Deeper (Gordon and Williams novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_Along_the_Mohawk_(novel)=Drums Along the Mohawk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Haul=Rome Haul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Galilee_Hitch-Hiker=The Galilee Hitch-Hiker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Miss_You,_I_Miss_You!=I Miss You, I Miss You!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Dead_in_Dallas=Living Dead in Dallas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Club_Dead=Club Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Dared=The Boy Who Dared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogzilla_(picture_book)=Dogzilla (picture book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Scripture=The Secret Scripture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ratzinger_Report=The Ratzinger Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Sight=Grave Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Love_&_Money=For Love & Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moving_the_Mountain_(novel)=Moving the Mountain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freefall_(novel)=Freefall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_Shadows=The Way of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_I_Rise:_A_Graphic_History_of_African_Americans=Still I Rise: A Graphic History of African Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winds_of_Dune=The Winds of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Maubee=Finding Maubee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headlong_(Ings_novel)=Headlong (Ings novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Man_(book)=Yes Man (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtuous_Leadership=Virtuous Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Church_of_Scientology_(Melton)=The Church of Scientology (Melton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/40_Days_and_40_Nights_(book)=40 Days and 40 Nights (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_Upcountry=March Upcountry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Meets_Boy=Girl Meets Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pill_Versus_the_Springhill_Mine_Disaster=The Pill Versus the Springhill Mine Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Love=The Big Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defining_Moment=The Defining Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Love:_Overwhelmed_by_a_Relentless_God=Crazy Love: Overwhelmed by a Relentless God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Science_(book)=Bad Science (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Script_and_Scribble=Script and Scribble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_the_Midnight_Driver=Notes from the Midnight Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly,_Unna%3F=Deadly, Unna?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthday_Party_(novel)=The Birthday Party (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabet_of_Dreams=Alphabet of Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Venus_in_Five_Seconds=To Venus in Five Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pluto_Files=The Pluto Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Querelle_of_Brest=Querelle of Brest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fences_and_Windows=Fences and Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shangri-La_Diet=The Shangri-La Diet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_as_a_10-Year-Old_Boy=My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granny_Was_a_Buffer_Girl=Granny Was a Buffer Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_Wrath=Wings of Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/32_Battalion_(book)=32 Battalion (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madness_Under_the_Royal_Palms=Madness Under the Royal Palms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Lay_Dead=A Man Lay Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Ecstasy=Death in Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Murder=Vintage Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_a_Murderer=Enter a Murderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artists_in_Crime=Artists in Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_a_White_Tie=Death in a White Tie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overture_to_Death=Overture to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfeit_of_Lampreys=Surfeit of Lampreys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_the_Dancing_Footman=Death and the Dancing Footman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colour_Scheme=Colour Scheme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Died_in_the_Wool=Died in the Wool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swing_Brother_Swing=Swing Brother Swing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opening_Night_(novel)=Opening Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinsters_in_Jeopardy=Spinsters in Jeopardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scales_of_Justice_(novel)=Scales of Justice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_with_His_Head=Off with His Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singing_in_the_Shrouds=Singing in the Shrouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Scent=False Scent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_in_Glove_(novel)=Hand in Glove (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Water_(novel)=Dead Water (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_at_the_Dolphin=Death at the Dolphin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clutch_of_Constables=Clutch of Constables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_in_Rome_(novel)=When in Rome (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tied_Up_in_Tinsel=Tied Up in Tinsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_as_He's_Painted=Black as He's Painted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Ditch=Last Ditch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grave_Mistake=Grave Mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Photo_Finish_(novel)=Photo Finish (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Thickens=Light Thickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decca:_The_Letters_of_Jessica_Mitford=Decca: The Letters of Jessica Mitford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Hard_Times_(novel)=Welcome to Hard Times (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Paul_and_Virginia=The New Paul and Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fertilisation_of_Orchids=Fertilisation of Orchids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chindi_(novel)=Chindi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falsifiers_of_History=Falsifiers of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama:_From_Promise_to_Power=Obama: From Promise to Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Formation_of_Vegetable_Mould_through_the_Action_of_Worms=The Formation of Vegetable Mould through the Action of Worms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolution_(novel)=Resolution (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mandelbaum_Gate=The Mandelbaum Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calder_Game=The Calder Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unreals=The Unreals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meltdown_(book)=Meltdown (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bandit_of_Hell's_Bend=The Bandit of Hell's Bend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piercing_(novel)=Piercing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordy_Bank_(novel)=Nordy Bank (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_Thunder:_Breaking_Through_Cultural,_Racial,_and_Class_Barriers_in_Motorsports=Silent Thunder: Breaking Through Cultural, Racial, and Class Barriers in Motorsports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_Behaving_Badly=Gods Behaving Badly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_(Star_Trek_novel)=Betrayal (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Story_and_Other_Stories=The Whole Story and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Millennium:_A_History_of_the_World_AD_2000-3000=The Third Millennium: A History of the World AD 2000-3000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_Joseph_Grimaldi=Memoirs of Joseph Grimaldi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naked_Came_the_Phoenix=Naked Came the Phoenix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torikaebaya_Monogatari=Torikaebaya Monogatari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prototypes:_The_History_of_the_IMSA_GTP_Series=Prototypes: The History of the IMSA GTP Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Perfect_Mile=The Perfect Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_with..._Biographies=Coffee with... Biographies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_(Marsden_novel)=Winter (Marsden novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trouble_with_Normal_(book)=The Trouble with Normal (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet_Murders=The Prophet Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Darth_Bane:_Dynasty_of_Evil=Star Wars: Darth Bane: Dynasty of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_River_Why=The River Why
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_the_Unknown_Island=The Tale of the Unknown Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thou_Art_That_(book)=Thou Art That (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelology_(novel)=Angelology (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julia_(novel)=Julia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Responsibility=Love and Responsibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inner_Reaches_of_Outer_Space=The Inner Reaches of Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_of_the_Wild_Gander=The Flight of the Wild Gander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curry_Mile=The Curry Mile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Named_Eva=Someone Named Eva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Synchronological_Chart_or_Map_of_History=Adams Synchronological Chart or Map of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Eternity=Fragile Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majya_Jalmachi_Chittarkatha=Majya Jalmachi Chittarkatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_McGogg,_the_Very_Fine_Frog=Bradley McGogg, the Very Fine Frog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faithful_Spy=The Faithful Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Man=The Silent Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_War=The Ghost War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Girl=Harvard Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Sisters_(novel)=The Two Sisters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/9_Dragons_(novel)=9 Dragons (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_People=Other People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Gods_Wear_Spandex=Our Gods Wear Spandex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Age_of_Science_Fiction_(anthology)=The Golden Age of Science Fiction (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Goes_to_the_Firehouse=Mr. Monk Goes to the Firehouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_(Golda_Meir_autobiography)=My Life (Golda Meir autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_to_the_World_(novel)=Dead to the World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Stained:_When_No_One_Comes_Looking=Blood Stained: When No One Comes Looking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changeover=The Changeover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dressmaker_(1973_novel)=The Dressmaker (1973 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland's_Story=Scotland's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_(Rhodes_novel)=Gold (Rhodes novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collector_Collector=The Collector Collector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_and_the_Gone=The Dead and the Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drood_(novel)=Drood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muse_of_Fire=Muse of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millions_(novel)=Millions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germs:_Biological_Weapons_and_America's_Secret_War=Germs: Biological Weapons and America's Secret War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clown_(novel)=The Clown (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luckypenny=Luckypenny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespers_in_Vienna=Vespers in Vienna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fair_Bride=The Fair Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Friend_(Marshall_novel)=The Little Friend (Marshall novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stooping_Venus=The Stooping Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_World=Terminal World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Malachy's_Miracle=Father Malachy's Miracle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ESV_Study_Bible=ESV Study Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothstorm=Mothstorm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profiles_in_Folly=Profiles in Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Foot_in_the_Grave=A Foot in the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_the_Ninth=Urban the Ninth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_Hilary's_Holiday=Father Hilary's Holiday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_in_May=Girl in May
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divided_Lady=The Divided Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoughts_of_My_Cats=Thoughts of My Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_This_Earth=Children of This Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Every_Man_a_Penny=To Every Man a Penny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Brown's_Super_Book_of_Questions_and_Answers=Charlie Brown's Super Book of Questions and Answers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judas_Goat=The Judas Goat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Contempt=Time of Contempt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook_Who_Sat_by_the_Door_(novel)=The Spook Who Sat by the Door (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_About_Lulu=All About Lulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sport_of_the_Gods=The Sport of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoff_Ryman_bibliography=Geoff Ryman bibliography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Dogs_Cry=When Dogs Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bold_as_Love_(novel)=Bold as Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_I_Stand_(book)=Here I Stand (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Miscellaneous=Everything Is Miscellaneous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Colours_of_Darkness=All the Colours of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World,_the_Flesh,_and_Father_Smith=The World, the Flesh, and Father Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeremy_Fink_and_the_Meaning_of_Life=Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Humbling=The Humbling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_Robin,_in_His_Cabin_in_Virginia,_and_Tom_Without_One_in_Boston=Uncle Robin, in His Cabin in Virginia, and Tom Without One in Boston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Giant=The Stone Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perl_Best_Practices=Perl Best Practices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Captivity=Out of Captivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Running_Man_(Bauer_novel)=The Running Man (Bauer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Downfall_of_Capitalism_and_Communism=The Downfall of Capitalism and Communism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_(Roth_novel)=Nemesis (Roth novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demigod_Files=The Demigod Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riders_(novel)=Riders (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivals_(novel)=Rivals (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Beyond_the_Hill=The World Beyond the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caryatids=The Caryatids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Spirits:_How_Human_Psychology_Drives_the_Economy,_and_Why_It_Matters_for_Global_Capitalism=Animal Spirits: How Human Psychology Drives the Economy, and Why It Matters for Global Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Spy_a_Prince=Every Spy a Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emotionally_Weird=Emotionally Weird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bud_Brothers_Series=The Bud Brothers Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pale_King=The Pale King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarry_Flynn=Tarry Flynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Dead_(novel)=Waking the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanov_torah=Yanov torah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Education=The End of Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dip=The Dip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Peace=The Missing Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_(novel)=Glass (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Heart_Belongs_to_Me_(novel)=Your Heart Belongs to Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Her_in_Ourland=With Her in Ourland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fur_Family=Little Fur Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Borrowed_(novel)=Something Borrowed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rage_(book)=Black Rage (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manga:_The_Complete_Guide=Manga: The Complete Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_(novel)=Flight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_of_the_Shinar=Slaves of the Shinar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mormon_Prophet_and_His_Harem=The Mormon Prophet and His Harem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Lust_of_Knowing=For Lust of Knowing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skating_Rink=The Skating Rink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crime_(novel)=Crime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Ashes=City of Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician's_Apprentice=The Magician's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cave_Boy_of_the_Age_of_Stone=The Cave Boy of the Age of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Economic_Analysis=Introduction to Economic Analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Train_of_Thought=The Lost Train of Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universe_Maker=The Universe Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_MLA_Style_Manual=The MLA Style Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_MLA_Handbook_for_Writers_of_Research_Papers=The MLA Handbook for Writers of Research Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_Tail:_The_Power_of_Political_Knowledge_for_Strategic_Investing=The Fat Tail: The Power of Political Knowledge for Strategic Investing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topless_in_Philadelphia=Topless in Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_of_Elemental_Evil_(novel)=The Temple of Elemental Evil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Beauty_Is_Truth=Why Beauty Is Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Man:_A_New_History_of_the_Great_Depression=The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_in_Wartime=Winter in Wartime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loved_Ones_(book)=Loved Ones (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letting_Go_of_Lisa=Letting Go of Lisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Theology_of_Love=A Theology of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_(Pike_novel)=Wings (Pike novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handle_with_Care_(novel)=Handle with Care (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_Time_for_the_Traditionally_Built=Tea Time for the Traditionally Built
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Just_a_Plant=It's Just a Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_My_Heart_and_Hope_to_Spy=Cross My Heart and Hope to Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Olympic_Encyclopedia=Great Olympic Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Town_of_Widows=Tales from the Town of Widows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antifanaticism:_A_Tale_of_the_South=Antifanaticism: A Tale of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_of_the_Federation=Worlds of the Federation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Burn_the_Thistles=They Burn the Thistles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boozer_Challenge=The Boozer Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Other_Rooms,_Other_Wonders=In Other Rooms, Other Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overqualified_(short_story_collection)=Overqualified (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfriendly_Fire=Unfriendly Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catching_Fire=Catching Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Civil_Action=A Civil Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canyons_(novel)=Canyons (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giving_Is_Living=Giving Is Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Thoroughbred=Irish Thoroughbred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carazamba=Carazamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_for_Democracy=Bad for Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gingersnaps_(novel)=Gingersnaps (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthropology:_And_a_Hundred_Other_Stories=Anthropology: And a Hundred Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_David=Just David
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Fields=Local Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour=The Colour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fringe_of_Leaves=A Fringe of Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonitory=Commonitory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Civil_Servant_(book)=The Naked Civil Servant (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slap=The Slap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Banter=Advanced Banter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Typewriter_in_the_Sky=Typewriter in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_Me_the_Truth_About_Love=Don't Tell Me the Truth About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Pregnancy=The Joy of Pregnancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Ghote_Hunts_the_Peacock=Inspector Ghote Hunts the Peacock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paths_of_Glory_(novel)=Paths of Glory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Heart_of_Wisdom=The New Heart of Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Empire=The Scarlet Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Bloods_(novel_series)=Blue Bloods (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falling_from_Grace_(novel)=Falling from Grace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Darwin's_Shooter=Mr Darwin's Shooter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glubbslyme=Glubbslyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Embassy=Berlin Embassy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cult_and_Ritual_Abuse=Cult and Ritual Abuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Option:_Skills_&_Powers=Player's Option: Skills & Powers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Master_Option:_High-Level_Campaigns=Dungeon Master Option: High-Level Campaigns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Option:_Combat_&_Tactics=Player's Option: Combat & Tactics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Eight_(book)=The Great Eight (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigret_and_the_Yellow_Dog=Maigret and the Yellow Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Voice_in_the_Wind=A Voice in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universal_Compassion=Universal Compassion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Car_(novel)=The Car (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timoleon_Vieta_Come_Home=Timoleon Vieta Come Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action!_(novel)=Action! (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Two_Alike=No Two Alike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Judge_a_Girl_by_Her_Cover=Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_of_Adolf_Hitler=The Mind of Adolf Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_at_First_Try=My Life at First Try
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_of_the_Historical_Jesus=The Quest of the Historical Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chains:_Lesser_Novels_and_Stories=Chains: Lesser Novels and Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brave_Adventures_of_Lapitch=The Brave Adventures of Lapitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victim_of_Prejudice=The Victim of Prejudice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amnesia_(novel)=Amnesia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizzie_Zipmouth=Lizzie Zipmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treason_Keep=Treason Keep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harshini=Harshini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_of_Senet=Lion of Senet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Labyrinth=Eye of the Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bush_Garden:_Essays_on_the_Canadian_Imagination=The Bush Garden: Essays on the Canadian Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_Thief=The Sword Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_and_Noon=Morning and Noon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiery_Angel_(novel)=The Fiery Angel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loading_Mercury_with_a_Pitchfork=Loading Mercury with a Pitchfork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asti_Spumante_Code=The Asti Spumante Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Steps_to_Death=Four Steps to Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Ghote's_First_Case=Inspector Ghote's First Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_of_Fidelman=Pictures of Fidelman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicka,_Chicka,_1,_2,_3=Chicka, Chicka, 1, 2, 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Without_You_(book)=Without You (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Tree=The Iron Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scat_(novel)=Scat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black's_Medical_Dictionary=Black's Medical Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_You_(book)=Pieces of You (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Book_of_Boosh=The Mighty Book of Boosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meccania=Meccania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinema_of_Obsession=Cinema of Obsession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Good_Design=Do Good Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mummy_Laid_an_Egg=Mummy Laid an Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Amazons=The Modern Amazons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Run=Elephant Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Becomes_of_the_Broken_Hearted%3F_(novel)=What Becomes of the Broken Hearted? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concubine's_Children=The Concubine's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superstitious_(novel)=Superstitious (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wikipedia_Revolution=The Wikipedia Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ending_Aging=Ending Aging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_Atlas_of_World_Mythology=Historical Atlas of World Mythology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_of_Freedom=Torch of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treating_Survivors_of_Satanist_Abuse=Treating Survivors of Satanist Abuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleft=The Cleft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_of_Honor=Mission of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joy_of_Gay_Sex=The Joy of Gay Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlantis_Prophecy=The Atlantis Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conscious_Mind=The Conscious Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragedy_of_Great_Power_Politics=The Tragedy of Great Power Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempted_(Cast_novel)=Tempted (Cast novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Lee_in_Virginia,_A_Story_of_the_American_Civil_War=With Lee in Virginia, A Story of the American Civil War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriots_Novels_Series=Patriots Novels Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempting_The_Gods:_The_Selected_Stories_of_Tanith_Lee,_Volume_1=Tempting The Gods: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outdoor_Survival_Handbook=The Outdoor Survival Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunted_(Cast_novel)=Hunted (Cast novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_A=Generation A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Chinese_Literature=A History of Chinese Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlas_of_Creation=The Atlas of Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_and_Angels=Air and Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runcible_Jones:_The_Frozen_Compass=Runcible Jones: The Frozen Compass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorn_Castle=Thorn Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Early_Long=The Early Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romiette_and_Julio=Romiette and Julio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Eva:_The_Flower_of_the_South=Little Eva: The Flower of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_Venice=Daughter of Venice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signifying_Rappers=Signifying Rappers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emergency:_This_Book_Will_Save_Your_Life=Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Meditation_Handbook=The New Meditation Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_to_Home_(novel)=Close to Home (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grange_at_High_Force=The Grange at High Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Grave=Beyond the Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Kimono=The Fire Kimono
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Takeover_(novel)=The Takeover (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Nobonk_and_the_Terrible_Dreadful_Awful_Naughty_Nasty_Dragon=Sir Nobonk and the Terrible Dreadful Awful Naughty Nasty Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_Ambitions=Imperial Ambitions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayer_for_the_Living=Prayer for the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Account_of_Capers=An Account of Capers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sins_of_the_Cities_of_the_Plain=The Sins of the Cities of the Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_God_Play_Dice%3F_The_New_Mathematics_of_Chaos=Does God Play Dice? The New Mathematics of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crabgrass_Frontier=Crabgrass Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandaemonium_(novel)=Pandaemonium (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_from_Dragons=Up from Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Who_Love_(novel)=Those Who Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sensuous_Man=The Sensuous Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_to_Go=Miles to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Acre_vs._Black_Acre=White Acre vs. Black Acre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Gauntlet:_A_Tale_of_Plantation_Life_in_South_Carolina=The Black Gauntlet: A Tale of Plantation Life in South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currency_Wars=Currency Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_(Wilson_novel)=Midnight (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Weekend_(novel)=Dirty Weekend (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma'asir_al-umara=Ma'asir al-umara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_at_the_South;_or,_%22Uncle_Tom's_Cabin%22_as_It_Is=Life at the South; or, "Uncle Tom's Cabin" as It Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North_and_the_South;_or,_Slavery_and_Its_Contrasts=The North and the South; or, Slavery and Its Contrasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Cool_Killers=The Real Cool Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush:_An_Irish_Princess'_Tale=Hush: An Irish Princess' Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Policeman=The New Policeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Lecoq_(novel)=Monsieur Lecoq (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Zealand_Law_Reports=New Zealand Law Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Mears'_World_of_Survival=Ray Mears' World of Survival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Glass_(Mortal_Instruments)=City of Glass (Mortal Instruments)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frank_Freeman's_Barber_Shop=Frank Freeman's Barber Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_and_Zombies=Pride and Prejudice and Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Boys'_Network=The Old Boys' Network
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greenhouse_(novel)=The Greenhouse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daffy_Duck_for_President=Daffy Duck for President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arithmetic_for_Parents=Arithmetic for Parents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Nobody=Dear Nobody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_Deathwalker=The Legend of Deathwalker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observations_Concerning_the_Increase_of_Mankind,_Peopling_of_Countries,_etc.=Observations Concerning the Increase of Mankind, Peopling of Countries, etc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_and_Jill:_A_Village_Story=Jack and Jill: A Village Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Year_(novel)=A Good Year (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lace_Reader=The Lace Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Woman=The Haunted Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mum_Minder=The Mum Minder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Injury_Time_(novel)=Injury Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kite_Fighters=The Kite Fighters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophet_from_Ephesus=The Prophet from Ephesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Birds_Fly_South=When the Birds Fly South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguin_History_of_the_United_States_of_America=The Penguin History of the United States of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woggle-Bug_Book=The Woggle-Bug Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Short_Stories_2006=The Best American Short Stories 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Boy=Daddy's Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_Hot_Air=Into Hot Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cabin_and_Parlor;_or,_Slaves_and_Masters=The Cabin and Parlor; or, Slaves and Masters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomber_Aircrew_in_World_War_II=Bomber Aircrew in World War II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Street_Gang=Street Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_How_to_Learn=Learning How to Learn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_(Animorphs)=The Ultimate (Animorphs)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Moon_and_Black_Mountain=Red Moon and Black Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Everything_Else=The Invention of Everything Else
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_on_the_Corner_of_Bitter_and_Sweet=Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Uses_for_a_Dead_Cat=101 Uses for a Dead Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_Tobruk=Heroes of Tobruk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Hand_of_the_Electron=The Left Hand of the Electron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graceling=Graceling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Got_the_Life_(book)=Got the Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greyhawk_Player's_Guide=Greyhawk Player's Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Circle=The Black Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Womenomics=Womenomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_County_(short_story_collection)=Ford County (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_Illustrating_the_History_of_Jacobinism=Memoirs Illustrating the History of Jacobinism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Streets_Had_a_Name=Where the Streets Had a Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant:_The_Faceless_Ones=Skulduggery Pleasant: The Faceless Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Train_to_Lisbon=Night Train to Lisbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lofty_and_the_Lowly,_or_Good_in_All_and_None_All_Good=The Lofty and the Lowly, or Good in All and None All Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merlin's_Ring=Merlin's Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_London_Eye_Mystery=The London Eye Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Home_Physician=The Modern Home Physician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Singapore_Ghost_Stories=True Singapore Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slake's_Limbo=Slake's Limbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Frank,_the_Underground_Mail-Agent=Mr. Frank, the Underground Mail-Agent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_U_4_Real%3F=Are U 4 Real?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Whale_and_Other_Essays=Inside the Whale and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Democrat=The American Democrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_House_on_the_Prairie_(novel)=Little House on the Prairie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faserland=Faserland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redcap_(novel)=Redcap (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ku_Klux_Klan_In_Prophecy=The Ku Klux Klan In Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Productions_of_Time=The Productions of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coachman_Rat=The Coachman Rat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Grass,_Running_Water=Green Grass, Running Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klansmen:_Guardians_of_Liberty=Klansmen: Guardians of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assegai_(novel)=Assegai (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bribery,_Corruption_Also=Bribery, Corruption Also
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyclecraft=Cyclecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mugger_(novel)=The Mugger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Slave_Nebula=Into the Slave Nebula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordered_to_Die=Ordered to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_as_a_Doornail=Dead as a Doornail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Definitely_Dead=Definitely Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_(Kellerman_novel)=Bones (Kellerman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cold_Heart=A Cold Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Therapy_(Kellerman_novel)=Therapy (Kellerman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(Kellerman_novel)=Rage (Kellerman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsession_(novel)=Obsession (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighty_of_the_Grand_Canyon=Brighty of the Grand Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_(Lisa_McMann_novel)=Wake (Lisa McMann novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Anarchisten=Die Anarchisten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowing_How_to_Know=Knowing How to Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Observers=The Observers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Servants_(novel)=The Servants (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Together_Dead=All Together Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dead_to_Worse=From Dead to Worse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_and_Gone_(novel)=Dead and Gone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plattner_Story_and_Others=The Plattner Story and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_Storm_(novel)=The Gathering Storm (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_14=Year's Best SF 14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Gospels=The Missing Gospels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giants,_Monsters_&_Dragons=Giants, Monsters & Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evil_Empire:_101_Ways_That_England_Ruined_the_World=The Evil Empire: 101 Ways That England Ruined the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Colors=The Story of Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_War_(book)=The Unknown War (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Latitudes=Pirate Latitudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Interrupt_This_Broadcast=We Interrupt This Broadcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tale_of_the_Toa=Tale of the Toa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compendium_of_Analytical_Nomenclature=Compendium of Analytical Nomenclature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Giraffe=The White Giraffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Then_There_Was_No_One=And Then There Was No One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Moon_Rising:_An_Anthology_of_Political_Forebodings=Bad Moon Rising: An Anthology of Political Forebodings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeker_After_Truth=Seeker After Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Perfumed_Scorpion=A Perfumed Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saxon_Shore=The Saxon Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanca_Olmedo=Blanca Olmedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Samurai:_The_Way_of_the_Sword=Young Samurai: The Way of the Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_Who_Came_for_Christmas=The Cat Who Came for Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Academy:_Monster_Revenge=Nightmare Academy: Monster Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devotion_of_Suspect_X=The Devotion of Suspect X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Jungle_(comics)=Welcome to the Jungle (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_German_Shepherd_Dog_in_Word_and_Picture=The German Shepherd Dog in Word and Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Quartets=Four Quartets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hussein,_An_Entertainment=Hussein, An Entertainment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_Beat=The Race Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nation_under_Our_Feet=A Nation under Our Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Army_at_Dawn=An Army at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_The_Nightmare_Continues=Amityville: The Nightmare Continues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_God=River God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Excellent_Mystery=An Excellent Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suicide_Collectors=The Suicide Collectors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bravo_Two_Zero_(novel)=Bravo Two Zero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_That_Got_Away_(book)=The One That Got Away (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigal_Summer=Prodigal Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_(novel)=Jewels (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_AdSense_Code=The AdSense Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwind_(novel)=Unwind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Star_(novel)=Yellow Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dermis_Probe=The Dermis Probe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencil_of_Doom!=Pencil of Doom!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Child=The Green Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mascot_Madness!=Mascot Madness!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prosperous_Few_and_the_Restless_Many=The Prosperous Few and the Restless Many
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master:_An_Adventure_Story=The Master: An Adventure Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grifters_(novel)=The Grifters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Lives_(novel)=Two Lives (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter_Is_Delicious=Dexter Is Delicious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Basket_of_Leaves=A Basket of Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discontinuity_Guide=The Discontinuity Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olive_Kitteridge=Olive Kitteridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortunate_Son_(novel)=Fortunate Son (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Unworthy=Undead and Unworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Unwelcome=Undead and Unwelcome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sag_Harbor_(novel)=Sag Harbor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flag_on_the_Island=A Flag on the Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Society:_The_Young_Bond_Dossier=Danger Society: The Young Bond Dossier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_(Higson_novel)=The Enemy (Higson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred_Tales_of_Wisdom=The Hundred Tales of Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Care_High=Don't Care High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heredity_in_Relation_to_Eugenics=Heredity in Relation to Eugenics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pollyanna_Principles=The Pollyanna Principles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1635:_The_Dreeson_Incident=1635: The Dreeson Incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk's_Hood=Monk's Hood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Push_and_a_Shove=A Push and a Shove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Ghote_Goes_by_Train=Inspector Ghote Goes by Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meditations_in_Green=Meditations in Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Years_of_Extermination=The Years of Extermination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_of_the_Night_(novel)=Creature of the Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_(The_Mediator)=Twilight (The Mediator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchants'_War_(Pohl_novel)=The Merchants' War (Pohl novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavery_by_Another_Name=Slavery by Another Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven_to_Distraction_(ADHD)=Driven to Distraction (ADHD)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orosa-Nakpil,_Malate=Orosa-Nakpil, Malate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singin'_and_Swingin'_and_Gettin'_Merry_Like_Christmas=Singin' and Swingin' and Gettin' Merry Like Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Taught_the_Beekeeper_to_Read=The Boy Who Taught the Beekeeper to Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_of_Love=The Mirror of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smell_of_Telescopes=The Smell of Telescopes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blythes_Are_Quoted=The Blythes Are Quoted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Ghote_Plays_a_Joker=Inspector Ghote Plays a Joker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampirates:_Black_Heart=Vampirates: Black Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Black=Bone Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Political_Repression_in_Modern_America=Political Repression in Modern America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_World_War_(novel)=The Third World War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_of_London_(novel)=The Tower of London (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haunted_(The_Mediator)=Haunted (The Mediator)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Spell:_My_Life_as_a_Rajneeshee_and_the_Long_Journey_Back_to_Freedom=Breaking the Spell: My Life as a Rajneeshee and the Long Journey Back to Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_etc_(novel)=Love, etc (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellfire_(novel)=Spellfire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodhound_(novel)=Bloodhound (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornell_Paper=Cornell Paper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mommywood=Mommywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koolaids:_The_Art_of_War=Koolaids: The Art of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Turkey=The New Turkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_on_the_Rock=The Boys on the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incidents=Incidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_and_Dark_and_Dangerous=Deep and Dark and Dangerous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Drug=God Drug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modular_Man=The Modular Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Intensity_of_Everyday_Life=The Secret Intensity of Everyday Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marooned_on_Mars=Marooned on Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_Level:_Why_More_Equal_Societies_Almost_Always_Do_Better=The Spirit Level: Why More Equal Societies Almost Always Do Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Tapers_for_Paris=Yellow Tapers for Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Dragon_Heir=Sea Dragon Heir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tears_of_My_Soul=The Tears of My Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Partisan_Leader=The Partisan Leader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glut:_Mastering_Information_Through_the_Ages=Glut: Mastering Information Through the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Year_of_Meats=My Year of Meats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Howling_III:_Echoes=The Howling III: Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troubled_Man=The Troubled Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_the_Rhymer_(novel)=Thomas the Rhymer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commanding_Self=The Commanding Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dickens=The Last Dickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Fleet:_Relentless=The Lost Fleet: Relentless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jake_Ransom_and_the_Skull_King's_Shadow=Jake Ransom and the Skull King's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarecrow_(Connelly_novel)=The Scarecrow (Connelly novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Pioneers_(novel)=Young Pioneers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engaging_the_Muslim_World=Engaging the Muslim World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronghold_Builder's_Guidebook=Stronghold Builder's Guidebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schuyler's_Monster=Schuyler's Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keep_the_Giraffe_Burning=Keep the Giraffe Burning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invisible_Hook=The Invisible Hook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defending_Australia_in_the_Asia_Pacific_Century:_Force_2030=Defending Australia in the Asia Pacific Century: Force 2030
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Envy:_A_Luxe_Novel=Envy: A Luxe Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbowed:_A_Memoir=Unbowed: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Dervishes=Tales of the Dervishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinkers_of_the_East:_Studies_in_Experientialism=Thinkers of the East: Studies in Experientialism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eighth_Grade_Bites=Eighth Grade Bites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Islands_of_Unwisdom=The Islands of Unwisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_Grown_Brutal=Hearts Grown Brutal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanting_(novel)=Wanting (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exeter_Blitz=The Exeter Blitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thread_of_Scarlet=A Thread of Scarlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peculiar_Exploits_of_Brigadier_Ffellowes=The Peculiar Exploits of Brigadier Ffellowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_Ghote's_Good_Crusade=Inspector Ghote's Good Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Fade_Away=Only Fade Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop_(novel)=The Bishop (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Agent_(novel)=Free Agent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byakuyako=Byakuyako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Men_Marry_Bitches=Why Men Marry Bitches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Guard=The Death Guard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landscape_for_a_Good_Woman=Landscape for a Good Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saffy's_Angel=Saffy's Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon:_A_Love_Story=Bacon: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seer_(novel)=The Seer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Street_(novel)=The Street (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell-All=Tell-All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Land=Free Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Founding_Myths_of_Modern_Israel=The Founding Myths of Modern Israel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Check_the_Technique=Check the Technique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes_(The_Dresden_Files)=Changes (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fort_at_River's_Bend=The Fort at River's Bend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octavius_(dialogue)=Octavius (dialogue)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manga:_Sixty_Years_of_Japanese_Comics=Manga: Sixty Years of Japanese Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iciest_Sin=The Iciest Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butt=The Butt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Nikki=Being Nikki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_(novel)=Like (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wednesday_Is_Indigo_Blue=Wednesday Is Indigo Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_After_Midnight=Grace After Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dave_Barry's_History_of_the_Millennium_(So_Far)=Dave Barry's History of the Millennium (So Far)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallifrey_Chronicles_(1991_book)=The Gallifrey Chronicles (1991 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallifrey_Chronicles_(Doctor_Who_novel)=The Gallifrey Chronicles (Doctor Who novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Science-Fiction=Great Science-Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Push_(novel)=Push (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stronghold=The Stronghold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Demons=Space Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There's_a_God_on_the_Mic=There's a God on the Mic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Gothic_(novel)=American Gothic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_White_Car=The Little White Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seduced_by_Bacon=Seduced by Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otto_of_the_Silver_Hand=Otto of the Silver Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principalities_of_Glantri=The Principalities of Glantri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_General_Theory_of_Love=A General Theory of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted,_Inc.=Enchanted, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ark_(novel)=Ark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Valley_Grows_Up=A Valley Grows Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Sunshine_(book)=Hello Sunshine (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_the_Wolves=Child of the Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livia_(novel)=Livia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely,_Positively_Not=Absolutely, Positively Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_Cub_Bold=The Fox Cub Bold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_God=The Third God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mysterious_Benedict_Society_and_the_Prisoner's_Dilemma=The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Prisoner's Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poet_of_Tolstoy_Park=The Poet of Tolstoy Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hey_Rub-a-Dub-Dub=Hey Rub-a-Dub-Dub
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_White_Deer_Park=The Siege of White Deer Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Path_of_the_Storm=In the Path of the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoner_of_the_State:_The_Secret_Journal_of_Premier_Zhao_Ziyang=Prisoner of the State: The Secret Journal of Premier Zhao Ziyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_for_the_Park=Battle for the Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rise_of_a_Merchant_Prince=Rise of a Merchant Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Hall=Wolf Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help_Yourself_(Dave_Pelzer_book)=Help Yourself (Dave Pelzer book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_(novel)=Simon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Scorpion=Shadow of the Scorpion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang:_A_Maximum_Ride_Novel=Fang: A Maximum Ride Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_We_Decide=How We Decide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_Forgotten_Ancestors_(book)=Shadows of Forgotten Ancestors (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neglected_Aspects_of_Sufi_Study=Neglected Aspects of Sufi Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lump_of_Coal=The Lump of Coal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inferior=The Inferior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_Me_Down=Carry Me Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Be_Such_a_Scientist=Don't Be Such a Scientist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus,_Interrupted=Jesus, Interrupted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wild_Geese_(Carney_novel)=The Wild Geese (Carney novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Our_Mothers'_Gardens=In Search of Our Mothers' Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_of_a_Girl_(novel)=Story of a Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavern_of_the_Fear=Cavern of the Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Official_Razzie_Movie_Guide=The Official Razzie Movie Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Causes_Cancer=Hollywood Causes Cancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fated_Sky=The Fated Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_Kitchener_in_the_Soudan=With Kitchener in the Soudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Union_Dead=For the Union Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coco_and_Igor=Coco and Igor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom_of_the_Idiots=Wisdom of the Idiots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earth_After_Us=The Earth After Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silly_Beggar=Silly Beggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_and_Earth_(book)=Heaven and Earth (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruby_in_her_Navel=The Ruby in her Navel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagon_Train_to_the_Stars=Wagon Train to the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Terre_(Star_Trek)=Belle Terre (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rough_Trails=Rough Trails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flaming_Arrow=The Flaming Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Rude_Boy=Original Rude Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_N_Word:_One_Man's_Stand=The N Word: One Man's Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_for_Latvia=The Case for Latvia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summoning_(novel)=The Summoning (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Software_Wars=After the Software Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Special_Illumination:_The_Sufi_Use_of_Humour=Special Illumination: The Sufi Use of Humour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Till_Helen_Comes:_A_Ghost_Story=Wait Till Helen Comes: A Ghost Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Tides_(novel)=The Prince of Tides (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snowman_(novel)=The Snowman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Construction_Sites=Roman Construction Sites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failed_States:_The_Abuse_of_Power_and_the_Assault_on_Democracy=Failed States: The Abuse of Power and the Assault on Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Air_(Star_Trek)=Thin Air (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lost_Paradise=A Lost Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Beat=Behind the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Cards_(Cohan_book)=House of Cards (Cohan book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heck:_Where_the_Bad_Kids_Go=Heck: Where the Bad Kids Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Rose_(novel)=Winter Rose (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenger_(Star_Trek)=Challenger (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman's_Bible=The Woman's Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_and_Unjust_Wars=Just and Unjust Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Million_Dollar_Putt=The Million Dollar Putt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Happiness=Too Much Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramage_and_the_Drumbeat=Ramage and the Drumbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Set_in_Stone_(novel)=Set in Stone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assignment_(novella)=The Assignment (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clandestine_(novel)=Clandestine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Icon:_The_Fall_of_Roger_Clemens_and_the_Rise_of_Steroids_in_America's_Pastime=American Icon: The Fall of Roger Clemens and the Rise of Steroids in America's Pastime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Atrix_Wolfe=The Book of Atrix Wolfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbine_(book)=Columbine (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberia;_or,_Mr._Peyton's_Experiments=Liberia; or, Mr. Peyton's Experiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windswept_House:_A_Vatican_Novel=Windswept House: A Vatican Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhattan_Is_My_Beat=Manhattan Is My Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon's_Lexicon=The Demon's Lexicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoding_the_Heavens=Decoding the Heavens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1Q84=1Q84
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(Michener_novel)=Legacy (Michener novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Drum=The Ghost Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Blue_Movie_Star=Death of a Blue Movie Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Alex_Cross=I, Alex Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_101=Oil 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_Longstocking_(novel)=Pippi Longstocking (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_and_the_Wrinklies=Harry and the Wrinklies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown's_Requiem_(novel)=Brown's Requiem (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Draft_(novel)=Final Draft (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Kant's_Anthropology=Introduction to Kant's Anthropology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayn_Rand:_The_Russian_Radical=Ayn Rand: The Russian Radical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strain=The Strain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tunnel_(novel)=The Tunnel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brides_of_Wildcat_County=Brides of Wildcat County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Grinch_Stole_Christmas!=How the Grinch Stole Christmas!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexico_Unconquered=Mexico Unconquered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simple_Solution_to_Rubik's_Cube=The Simple Solution to Rubik's Cube
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_the_Things_Mommies_Do!_What_Could_Be_Better_Than_Having_Two%3F=Oh the Things Mommies Do! What Could Be Better Than Having Two?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Confused=Born Confused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Steve=My Steve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Universe_(Star_Trek)=Across the Universe (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Danced_at_Dawn=The General Danced at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_&_Wizard=Witch & Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dive=The Last Dive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_God=The Evolution of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloak_(Star_Trek)=Cloak (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_World:_A_Global_Anthology_of_Short_Stories=One World: A Global Anthology of Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Click_(novel)=Click (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_(Hartnett_novel)=Butterfly (Hartnett novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physick_Book_of_Deliverance_Dane=The Physick Book of Deliverance Dane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Stones=Plum Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sower_(novel)=The Sower (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninth_Grade_Slays=Ninth Grade Slays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_Explosion!=Anime Explosion!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veitikka=Veitikka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardiente_paciencia=Ardiente paciencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_and_Life_of_Charlie_St._Cloud=The Death and Life of Charlie St. Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nudist_on_the_Late_Shift=The Nudist on the Late Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Semester_in_the_Life_of_a_Garbage_Bag=A Semester in the Life of a Garbage Bag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HERmione=HERmione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen;_or,_The_Fanatic's_Daughter=Ellen; or, The Fanatic's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Word_and_Object=Word and Object
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_Gazette_(Oman)=Official Gazette (Oman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifted_(novel)=Gifted (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter_in_the_Dark=Hunter in the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Voices=Seeing Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Heat_(book)=White Heat (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crime_in_the_Neighborhood=A Crime in the Neighborhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_(Star_Trek)=Shadow (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abyss_(Star_Trek_novel)=Abyss (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_(Star_Trek)=Rogue (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Unmasked=Lincoln Unmasked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Magic=Oriental Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Barbarians=The Mighty Barbarians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Swordsmen=The Mighty Swordsmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobius_Dick=Mobius Dick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Phelan's_Greatest_Game=Billy Phelan's Greatest Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedic_Dictionary_of_Vietnam=Encyclopedic Dictionary of Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Plain_Introduction_to_the_Criticism_of_the_New_Testament=A Plain Introduction to the Criticism of the New Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Life_of_the_Aryan_Peoples=Race Life of the Aryan Peoples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Lore_of_Magic=The Secret Lore of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Translation_Guide_to_19th-Century_Polish-Language_Civil-Registration_Documents=A Translation Guide to 19th-Century Polish-Language Civil-Registration Documents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Civic_Culture=The Civic Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fell_(novel)=Fell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Up_and_Rising_Down=Rising Up and Rising Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_British_Political_Parties=The History of British Political Parties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nukespeak=Nukespeak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Gardens_and_Their_Magic=Coral Gardens and Their Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Just_Don't_Understand=You Just Don't Understand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Play_in_the_Fields_of_the_Lord_(novel)=At Play in the Fields of the Lord (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_This,_Not_That=Eat This, Not That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceremony_(Robert_B._Parker_novel)=Ceremony (Robert B. Parker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_in_African_Music=Studies in African Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catching_Fire:_How_Cooking_Made_Us_Human=Catching Fire: How Cooking Made Us Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Gone_Down=Man Gone Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Your_City%3F=Who's Your City?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ask_and_the_Answer=The Ask and the Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asking_Questions=Asking Questions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Death_of_Democracy=The Life and Death of Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunatic_(novel)=Lunatic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammer_of_the_Gods_(book)=Hammer of the Gods (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conspiracy_Encyclopedia=Conspiracy Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination_Mecca=Destination Mecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposure_(Peet_novel)=Exposure (Peet novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Kingdom_Election_Results=United Kingdom Election Results
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mare_Liberum=Mare Liberum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_and_Thief=Dragon and Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrink_Yourself=Shrink Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rules_of_Sociological_Method=The Rules of Sociological Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_Between_Stations_(novel)=Days Between Stations (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bells_of_Nagasaki=The Bells of Nagasaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Investing_in_America=The Art of Investing in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Harold_of_Zodanga=Sir Harold of Zodanga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heist_Society=Heist Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargazer_(novel)=Stargazer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Everafter_War=The Everafter War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Wreck,_I_Picked_Myself_Up,_Spread_My_Wings,_and_Flew_Away=After the Wreck, I Picked Myself Up, Spread My Wings, and Flew Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landslide_(novel)=Landslide (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snow_Tiger=The Snow Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Citadel=High Citadel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tightrope_Men=The Tightrope Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vivero_Letter_(novel)=The Vivero Letter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoilers_(Bagley_novel)=The Spoilers (Bagley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freedom_Trap=The Freedom Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juggernaut_(novel)=Juggernaut (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_Error=Night of Error
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_Furqan=The True Furqan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Honour_of_the_Knights=The Honour of the Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophets_of_Regulation=Prophets of Regulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Guerrilla_Warfare=On Guerrilla Warfare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Vivo_(novel)=In Vivo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittgenstein's_Beetle_and_Other_Classic_Thought_Experiments=Wittgenstein's Beetle and Other Classic Thought Experiments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Fall=A Great Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle's_Prey=The Eagle's Prey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Man_Out:_A_Year_on_the_Mound_with_a_Minor_League_Misfit=Odd Man Out: A Year on the Mound with a Minor League Misfit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Rock=Dragon's Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Objective=The Bourne Objective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Richard_Raynal,_Solitary=The History of Richard Raynal, Solitary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bog_Child=Bog Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Hollywood=The Girl from Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anime_Encyclopedia=The Anime Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Jesus_(book)=Death of Jesus (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moments_of_Being=Moments of Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake:_Prophet_Against_Empire=Blake: Prophet Against Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambient_(novel)=Ambient (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modeste_Mignon=Modeste Mignon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boken_till_Dig=Boken till Dig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_(Rossner_novel)=August (Rossner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_a_Monsoon_Cloud=Under a Monsoon Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tit_for_Tat_(novel)=Tit for Tat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technologized_Desire=Technologized Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uten_Enten=Uten Enten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Geese_(novel)=Wild Geese (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Conspiracy_of_Kings=A Conspiracy of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Point_(novel)=Breaking Point (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Is_the_New_White=Black Is the New White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_27s:_The_Greatest_Myth_of_Rock_&_Roll=The 27s: The Greatest Myth of Rock & Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evermore_(novel)=Evermore (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satan's_Harvest_Home=Satan's Harvest Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Tight_(novel)=Skin Tight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Grey_Men=The Little Grey Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conceit_(novel)=Conceit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amnesiascope=Amnesiascope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoopster=The Hoopster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaphysics_of_War=Metaphysics of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mots_d'Heures=Mots d'Heures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charioteer=The Charioteer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hip_Hop_High_School=Hip Hop High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Trade_(Anita_Blake:_Vampire_Hunter_novel)=Skin Trade (Anita Blake: Vampire Hunter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Court_of_the_Air=The Court of the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Therapy=Against Therapy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancy_Nancy=Fancy Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchard_on_Fire=The Orchard on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Ball:_Stories_of_the_Ball_Field=Play Ball: Stories of the Ball Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_of_Victorian_Birds=Atlas of Victorian Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Shonku_(short_story_collection)=Professor Shonku (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Kicked_the_Hornets'_Nest=The Girl Who Kicked the Hornets' Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palimpsest_(novel)=Palimpsest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearful_Symmetry_(Frye)=Fearful Symmetry (Frye)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty:_Liberal_%22Victims%22_and_Their_Assault_on_America=Guilty: Liberal "Victims" and Their Assault on America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Disappearing_Cat=The Mystery of the Disappearing Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Missing_Man=The Mystery of the Missing Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush_Little_Baby_(novel)=Hush Little Baby (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Reincarnation_and_Biology_Intersect=Where Reincarnation and Biology Intersect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reincarnation_and_Biology=Reincarnation and Biology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_of_Global_Warming=The Discovery of Global Warming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marthandavarma_(novel)=Marthandavarma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Strange_Messages=The Mystery of the Strange Messages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/European_Cases_of_the_Reincarnation_Type=European Cases of the Reincarnation Type
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Book_(Jung)=Red Book (Jung)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_Sisters=The Story Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crunch_(book)=Crunch (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_and_the_Paper_Route=Henry and the Paper Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nineteen_Eighty-Four=Nineteen Eighty-Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WWE_Encyclopedia=WWE Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_Insurrection=The Coming Insurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_More_(novel)=Something More (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln_(Morse_books)=Abraham Lincoln (Morse books)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Keeper=Dragon Keeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Halo_Effect_(business_book)=The Halo Effect (business book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_of_War:_Jacinto's_Remnant=Gears of War: Jacinto's Remnant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_to_the_Sea_(novel)=March to the Sea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Few=We Few
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_to_the_Stars=March to the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nose_from_Jupiter=The Nose from Jupiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catastrophe_(book)=Catastrophe (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Marvels=Land of Marvels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Report_about_Case_Srebrenica=Report about Case Srebrenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warbreaker=Warbreaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeboyz_(novel)=Homeboyz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundswell_(book)=Groundswell (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Trilogy_(book)=An American Trilogy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complaints=The Complaints
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistakes_Were_Made_(But_Not_by_Me)=Mistakes Were Made (But Not by Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julian_Comstock:_A_Story_of_22nd-Century_America=Julian Comstock: A Story of 22nd-Century America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Saw_and_How_I_Lied=What I Saw and How I Lied
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courage_of_Sarah_Noble=The Courage of Sarah Noble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accounting=The Accounting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_in_the_Night=The House in the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vacillations_of_Poppy_Carew=The Vacillations of Poppy Carew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_Thyself=Honor Thyself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Woman_(novel)=A Good Woman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Arthur_and_His_Knights_of_the_Round_Table=King Arthur and His Knights of the Round Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_and_Real_Politics=Philosophy and Real Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeitoun_(book)=Zeitoun (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Step_From_Heaven=A Step From Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food,_Inc._(book)=Food, Inc. (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_the_Clans=Code of the Clans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Scourge=The Rise of Scourge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods,_Demons_and_Others=Gods, Demons and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free:_The_Future_of_a_Radical_Price=Free: The Future of a Radical Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_the_Blind_Horse_Sings=Where the Blind Horse Sings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widdershins_(novel)=Widdershins (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deo_Langkhui=Deo Langkhui
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Heresies_Distressed=By Heresies Distressed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voluntary_Socialism=Voluntary Socialism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Two_Lives_of_Lukas-Kasha=The First Two Lives of Lukas-Kasha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit's_Wilderness=Kit's Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Darkness=The White Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Jellicoe_Road=On the Jellicoe Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letters_of_J._R._R._Tolkien=The Letters of J. R. R. Tolkien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Century's_Daughter=The Century's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Wasn't_There_(novel)=The Man Who Wasn't There (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_World_(novel)=Another World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Vision_(novel)=Double Vision (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_Class=Life Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Marcha_das_Utopias=A Marcha das Utopias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estrela_de_absinto=Estrela de absinto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manifesto_Pau-Brasil=Manifesto Pau-Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relentless_(Koontz_novel)=Relentless (Koontz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_That_Sort_of_Girl=Not That Sort of Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowell_Park_(novel)=Lowell Park (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wise_Man's_Fear=The Wise Man's Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wondrous_Strange=Wondrous Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generation_X:_Tales_for_an_Accelerated_Culture=Generation X: Tales for an Accelerated Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Selected_Works_of_T.S._Spivet=The Selected Works of T.S. Spivet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krista_Purana=Krista Purana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intimate_Adventures_of_a_London_Call_Girl=The Intimate Adventures of a London Call Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainless_Longganisa=Stainless Longganisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enclosure=The Enclosure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Me_a_Favour=Do Me a Favour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs_de_Winter=Mrs de Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentleman_and_Ladies=Gentleman and Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Change_for_the_Better=A Change for the Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_You,_Beth_Cooper=I Love You, Beth Cooper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_Statistics_of_the_United_States=Historical Statistics of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Springtime_of_the_Year=In the Springtime of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mist_in_the_Mirror=The Mist in the Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnificent_Corpses=Magnificent Corpses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dieu=Dieu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Service_of_Clouds=The Service of Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Various_Haunts_of_Men=The Various Haunts of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pure_in_Heart=The Pure in Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Risk_of_Darkness=The Risk of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/InterCourses=InterCourses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Hawk=Winter Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Declaration_(novel)=The Declaration (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resistance_(novel)=The Resistance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atala_(novella)=Atala (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Motherhood=Encyclopedia of Motherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores_(Susann_novel)=Dolores (Susann novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Second_After=One Second After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subway_Art=Subway Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harnessing_Peacocks=Harnessing Peacocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ideas_on_the_Nature_of_Science=Ideas on the Nature of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Independent_Cinema=The History of Independent Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Ceremonies=Secret Ceremonies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Rex=Arthur Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Sang_noir=Le Sang noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/General_History_of_the_Zhuang=General History of the Zhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_a_Distant_Forest=The Heart of a Distant Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mormonism:_Shadow_or_Reality%3F=Mormonism: Shadow or Reality?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navajo_People_and_Uranium_Mining=The Navajo People and Uranium Mining
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_and_Social_Hope=Philosophy and Social Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Software,_Free_Society=Free Software, Free Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asylum_Seeker=The Asylum Seeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Beauty=Russian Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Rayons_et_les_Ombres=Les Rayons et les Ombres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Others=The Blood of Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bougainville_(novel)=Bougainville (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Walls=Martin Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Go_Down_to_the_Sea=Five Go Down to the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun,_Stone,_and_Shadows=Sun, Stone, and Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohawk_(novel)=Mohawk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkworld_Detective=Darkworld Detective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immortals_(anthology)=Immortals (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timegates=Timegates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Butterfly_(novel)=Black Butterfly (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Ayn_Rand=The Passion of Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sublime_Object_of_Ideology=The Sublime Object of Ideology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Time=The Shape of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Stands_for_Unknown=X Stands for Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Shines_Bright_(book)=The Sun Shines Bright (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counting_the_Eons=Counting the Eons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Characters_of_Shakespear's_Plays=Characters of Shakespear's Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_Rachel_Wallace=Looking for Rachel Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragedy_of_the_Moon=The Tragedy of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Poet's_Bible=A Poet's Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Report_on_Probability_A=Report on Probability A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Shebang:_A_State-of-the-Universe(s)_Report=The Whole Shebang: A State-of-the-Universe(s) Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Hand_of_Darkness=The Left Hand of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Looney:_An_Irish_Fantasy=The Looney: An Irish Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_Dog_Days_(book)=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atheist_Delusions=Atheist Delusions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_the_Bear=Chasing the Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Barrels_a_Second=A Thousand Barrels a Second
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samurai_from_Outer_Space=Samurai from Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveling_Vampire_Show=The Traveling Vampire Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Thorn,_White_Rose=Black Thorn, White Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_White,_Blood_Red_(book)=Snow White, Blood Red (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Methland=Methland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripped:_How_the_Wired_Generation_Revolutionized_Music=Ripped: How the Wired Generation Revolutionized Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Economy=Deep Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patsy_of_Paradise_Place=Patsy of Paradise Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faithless_(novel)=Faithless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Faint_Cold_Fear=A Faint Cold Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citizen_Jane_(book)=Citizen Jane (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_the_Hundred_Acre_Wood=Return to the Hundred Acre Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluk_van_de_Petteflet=Pluk van de Petteflet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucien_Leuwen=Lucien Leuwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religious_Affections=Religious Affections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_the_Surface=Breaking the Surface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Sea=The Silent Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_Languages:_Application_and_Interpretation=Programming Languages: Application and Interpretation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfectly_Reasonable_Deviations_from_the_Beaten_Track=Perfectly Reasonable Deviations from the Beaten Track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charon's_Landing=Charon's Landing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Stone=The Medusa Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Your_Brain_on_Music=This Is Your Brain on Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollback_(novel)=Rollback (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandora's_Curse=Pandora's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knight_(Gene_Wolfe)=The Knight (Gene Wolfe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Horizontal_Life=My Horizontal Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_of_Souls=Bay of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reports_from_the_Holocaust:_The_Story_of_an_AIDS_Activist=Reports from the Holocaust: The Story of an AIDS Activist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possible_Side_Effects=Possible Side Effects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Claw=Ice Claw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illusionist_(novel)=The Illusionist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lollipop_Shoes=The Lollipop Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destroyer_of_Worlds_(novel)=Destroyer of Worlds (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speak_of_the_Devil_(book)=Speak of the Devil (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summertime_(novel)=Summertime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Peril_at_Delphi=Indiana Jones and the Peril at Delphi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robert_Heinlein_Interview_and_other_Heinleiniana=The Robert Heinlein Interview and other Heinleiniana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greeks_Have_a_Word_For_It=The Greeks Have a Word For It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joker_One=Joker One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Dream=Waking Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ved_Vejen=Ved Vejen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Cadfael's_Penance=Brother Cadfael's Penance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Wikipedia_Works=How Wikipedia Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumping_the_Queue=Jumping the Queue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_on_the_Revolution_in_Europe=Reflections on the Revolution in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constance_(novel)=Constance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quinx=Quinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Selfish_Genius=The Selfish Genius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Tell_Alfred=Don't Tell Alfred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Compass:_How_British_Politics_Lost_Its_Way=The Broken Compass: How British Politics Lost Its Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Ruin=River of Ruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Fire_Rising=Deep Fire Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_est=The Book of est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_House_Traveler=A Little House Traveler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Misdemeanors=Divine Misdemeanors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Song_(novel)=The Last Song (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Analogue=Mount Analogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_of_Corruption=Culture of Corruption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Crumb=Fever Crumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Girls=Dangerous Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_to_Command=A Stranger to Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_OK,_I'm_Wearing_Really_Big_Knickers=It's OK, I'm Wearing Really Big Knickers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratha's_Courage=Ratha's Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Shadows=Beyond the Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_the_Valley=Heroes of the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Valley_(novel)=The Last Valley (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_King=The Forest King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indiana_Jones_and_the_Seven_Veils=Indiana Jones and the Seven Veils
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapitan_Sino=Kapitan Sino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audition_(novel)=Audition (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Till_Now=Up Till Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fight_Club_(novel)=Fight Club (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forest_of_Hands_and_Teeth=The Forest of Hands and Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(Jonathan_Franzen_novel)=Freedom (Jonathan Franzen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncle_(novel)=Uncle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazaar-e-Husn=Bazaar-e-Husn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina's_Ghost=Christina's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_the_Dream=Dancing the Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendor:_A_Luxe_Novel=Splendor: A Luxe Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sense_and_Sensibility_and_Sea_Monsters=Sense and Sensibility and Sea Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_We_Are:_A_Citizen's_Manifesto=Who We Are: A Citizen's Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witness_Against_the_Beast=Witness Against the Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Reasons_Why=Thirteen Reasons Why
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Servant_of_the_Dragon=Servant of the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonk:_The_Curious_Coupling_of_Science_and_Sex=Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cater_Street_Hangman=The Cater Street Hangman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rediscovery=Rediscovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selected_Manifestations=Selected Manifestations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Bunny_Munro=The Death of Bunny Munro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_Koestler=Living with Koestler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricks_(novel)=Tricks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_to_Yes=Getting to Yes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Academy_(novel)=Vampire Academy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_of_Dying=The Business of Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinities=The Infinities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaire_Mind=The Millionaire Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundation_(b-boy_book)=Foundation (b-boy book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einstein's_Monsters=Einstein's Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_the_Mist=Soldier of the Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Lines_(story_collection)=Blood Lines (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Legends_Die=When the Legends Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_River_Awakens=This River Awakens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_Zen_Buddhism=An Introduction to Zen Buddhism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Koestler_(book)=Arthur Koestler (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Natural_History_of_Rape=A Natural History of Rape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side:_The_Secret_Relationship_Between_Nazism_and_Zionism=The Other Side: The Secret Relationship Between Nazism and Zionism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dubious_Legacy=A Dubious Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Koestler:_The_Story_of_a_Friendship=Arthur Koestler: The Story of a Friendship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rehearsal_(novel)=The Rehearsal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Fiddle_(novel)=Second Fiddle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Rides_Again=Freddy Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_Mr._Camphor=Freddy and Mr. Camphor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Hope_and_History=Between Hope and History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_the_Men_from_Mars=Freddy and the Men from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_in_the_Ice=The Virgin in the Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_the_Magician=Freddy the Magician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Encyclopedia_of_Dinosaurs_&_Prehistoric_Creatures=World Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs & Prehistoric Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaurs:_The_Most_Complete,_Up-to-Date_Encyclopedia_for_Dinosaur_Lovers_of_All_Ages=Dinosaurs: The Most Complete, Up-to-Date Encyclopedia for Dinosaur Lovers of All Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluestar's_Prophecy=Bluestar's Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feathered_Dinosaurs:_The_Origin_of_Birds=Feathered Dinosaurs: The Origin of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogs:_Their_Fossil_Relatives_and_Evolutionary_History=Dogs: Their Fossil Relatives and Evolutionary History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoths,_Sabertooths,_and_Hominids=Mammoths, Sabertooths, and Hominids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_of_the_Prehistoric_World=Atlas of the Prehistoric World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simon_&_Schuster_Encyclopedia_of_Dinosaurs_and_Prehistoric_Creatures=The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Presence_of_Dinosaurs=In the Presence of Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_of_Adventure=The Castle of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry:_A_Mother_and_Daughter_Fight_Anorexia=Hungry: A Mother and Daughter Fight Anorexia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_They_Did_to_Princess_Paragon=What They Did to Princess Paragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Moon_(Noel_novel)=Blue Moon (Noel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_the_Hourglass_Mage=Dragons of the Hourglass Mage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Siege=Mind Siege
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Catskill_Eagle=A Catskill Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Troopers=Death Troopers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wizard_of_Mars=A Wizard of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ties_(McKenzie_novel)=Blood Ties (McKenzie novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambodia,_Pol_Pot,_and_the_United_States=Cambodia, Pol Pot, and the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_the_Baseball_Team_from_Mars=Freddy and the Baseball Team from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Artist's_Widow=The Artist's Widow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scum_of_the_Earth_(book)=Scum of the Earth (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamplighter=The Lamplighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Pomegranate_Street=The Man from Pomegranate Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazing_Grace_(novel)=Amazing Grace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bungalow_2=Bungalow 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spook's_Sacrifice=The Spook's Sacrifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/H.R.H._(novel)=H.R.H. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Out_(novel)=Coming Out (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adrian_Mole:_The_Prostrate_Years=Adrian Mole: The Prostrate Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_(novel)=Miracle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dinosauria=The Dinosauria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oceans_of_Kansas_(book)=Oceans of Kansas (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Dinosaurs=National Geographic Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Geographic_Prehistoric_Mammals=National Geographic Prehistoric Mammals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safe_Harbour_(novel)=Safe Harbour (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_and_Truth=Grace and Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romulan_War:_Beneath_the_Raptor's_Wing=The Romulan War: Beneath the Raptor's Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_That_Men_Do=The Good That Men Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bow_(novel)=Broken Bow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_the_Book_(novel)=By the Book (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shockwave_(Star_Trek_novel)=Shockwave (Star Trek novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Price_Honor%3F=What Price Honor?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surak's_Soul=Surak's Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Expanse_(novel)=The Expanse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daedalus's_Children=Daedalus's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daedalus_(novel)=Daedalus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosetta_(novel)=Rosetta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Springs_(novel)=Hot Springs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Pope=The Last Pope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martian_Time-Slip=Martian Time-Slip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Valley_of_the_Nest_of_Spiders=Through the Valley of the Nest of Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Keeping_Cool=The Art of Keeping Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Double_Barrelled_Detective_Story=A Double Barrelled Detective Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magicians_(Grossman_novel)=The Magicians (Grossman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sensible_Life=A Sensible Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Rhymes=Book of Rhymes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_Film_Catalogue=The British Film Catalogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Outcast=Conan the Outcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Troubled_Peace=A Troubled Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipwreck_(book)=Shipwreck (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guardian_(novel)=The Guardian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_and_Blood=Amber and Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_of_Kadji=The Quest of Kadji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worlds_of_Weber=Worlds of Weber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyst:_Alastor_1716=Wyst: Alastor 1716
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Horse's_Tale=A Horse's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naometria=Naometria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23_Hours=23 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_Zero=Vampire Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily_Hoy_Price=Lily Hoy Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wallypug_of_Why=The Wallypug of Why
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_Country=Up Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_Jennie_(novella)=Portrait of Jennie (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saplings=Saplings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Black:_Managing_to_Succeed=Atlas Black: Managing to Succeed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Dreams_May_Come_(1983_novel)=What Dreams May Come (1983 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_of_Porphyrin_Science=Handbook of Porphyrin Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raistlin_Chronicles=The Raistlin Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dogs_Bark_(anthology)=The Dogs Bark (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinnah:_India,_Partition,_Independence=Jinnah: India, Partition, Independence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(Laird_novel)=Crusade (Laird novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Fables=99 Fables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueprint_for_Disaster:_The_Unraveling_of_Chicago_Public_Housing=Blueprint for Disaster: The Unraveling of Chicago Public Housing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Mirror:_A_Search_for_a_Natural_History_of_Human_Knowledge=Behind the Mirror: A Search for a Natural History of Human Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter's_Travels=Jupiter's Travels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheerful_Weather_for_the_Wedding=Cheerful Weather for the Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Touch_of_Dead=A Touch of Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiles_to_Go=Smiles to Go
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heartbeat=My Heartbeat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_Island=October Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Imaginative_Experience=An Imaginative Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_of_the_Krillitanes=Code of the Krillitanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oberon_Old_and_New=Oberon Old and New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Dollars_(novel)=Three Dollars (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childhood_Memories_(book)=Childhood Memories (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Peter's_Fair=Saint Peter's Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Look_at_the_Birdie=Look at the Birdie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taking_On_the_System=Taking On the System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Crusader=Knight Crusader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z._Marcas=Z. Marcas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Walking_In_Ice=Of Walking In Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Tales_Told_for_Children._First_Collection.=Fairy Tales Told for Children. First Collection.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitter_Power=Twitter Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It_Was_Dark=When It Was Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Horse_for_Mandy=A Horse for Mandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Part_of_the_Furniture=Part of the Furniture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insectivorous_Plants_(book)=Insectivorous Plants (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Time=Angel Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_of_Broad=South of Broad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Justice_of_God_in_the_Damnation_of_Sinners=The Justice of God in the Damnation of Sinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knulp=Knulp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_True_Virtue=The Nature of True Virtue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ramayana_(Narayan_book)=The Ramayana (Narayan book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mahabharata_(Narayan_book)=The Mahabharata (Narayan book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emerald_Route=The Emerald Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dateless_Diary=My Dateless Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Age:_The_Stolen_Throne=Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_Sunday=Next Sunday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Long_as_We_Both_Shall_Live=As Long as We Both Shall Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Writer's_Nightmare=A Writer's Nightmare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tomorrow_People_(novel)=The Tomorrow People (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa_Was_a_Preacher=Papa Was a Preacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reluctant_Guru=Reluctant Guru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Out_(book)=Far Out (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Je_voudrais_pas_crever=Je voudrais pas crever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Spiritual_Laws_of_Success=The Seven Spiritual Laws of Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbuilt_America=Unbuilt America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Night_in_Twisted_River=Last Night in Twisted River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malgudi_Days_(book)=Malgudi Days (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Goes_Camping=Freddy Goes Camping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zone_Policeman_88=Zone Policeman 88
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Nines=The Law of Nines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sordello_(poem)=Sordello (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Princess_of_Landover=A Princess of Landover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_the_Pilot=Freddy the Pilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legitimation_Crisis_(book)=Legitimation Crisis (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_(Anand_novel)=The Village (Anand novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child's_Play_(novel)=Child's Play (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Variation_of_Animals_and_Plants_under_Domestication=The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Leaves_and_a_Bud=Two Leaves and a Bud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Valley_of_the_Kwai=Through the Valley of the Kwai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_More_Than_Murder=Nothing More Than Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Wilson's_Cabinet_of_Wonder=Mr. Wilson's Cabinet of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Nuclear_Industry_Status_Report=World Nuclear Industry Status Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Middle-Earth=The Road to Middle-Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shams_al-Ma'arif=Shams al-Ma'arif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oculus_Sacerdotis=Oculus Sacerdotis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homer_&_Langley=Homer & Langley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark_Naked:_A_Paranomastic_Odyssey=Stark Naked: A Paranomastic Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_and_the_Sickle=The Sword and the Sickle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grandmother's_Tale_and_Selected_Stories=The Grandmother's Tale and Selected Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Finally_Gets_It=Carter Finally Gets It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gregg_Reference_Manual=The Gregg Reference Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Deep_(book)=In Deep (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Tomorrows=A Thousand Tomorrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Nature_(book)=Second Nature (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Compass=True Compass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Life=Invisible Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Pleasure=The City of Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Shot=Last Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Scots_Invented_the_Modern_World=How the Scots Invented the Modern World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Streets_(anthology)=Mean Streets (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Came_Running=Some Came Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primrose_Ring=The Primrose Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Raft=The Stone Raft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sending=The Sending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Names_in_Marble=Names in Marble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet,_Naked=Juliet, Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disney_Version=The Disney Version
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedge:_The_Secret_War_between_the_FBI_and_CIA=Wedge: The Secret War between the FBI and CIA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delicate_Edible_Birds=Delicate Edible Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Mortal_Hands=In Mortal Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stolen_Lake=The Stolen Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sanctuary_Sparrow=The Sanctuary Sparrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12:_The_Elements_of_Great_Managing=12: The Elements of Great Managing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_David_Brainerd=The Life of David Brainerd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dissertation_Concerning_the_End_for_Which_God_Created_the_World=A Dissertation Concerning the End for Which God Created the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepers_(novel)=Creepers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_States:_The_Story_of_My_Marriage=2 States: The Story of My Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legal_Education_and_the_Reproduction_of_Hierarchy=Legal Education and the Reproduction of Hierarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Archeology=Forbidden Archeology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/61_Hours=61 Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guard_(novel)=The Guard (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_the_Pied_Piper=Freddy the Pied Piper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookwood_(novel)=Rookwood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenth_Grade_Bleeds=Tenth Grade Bleeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleventh_Grade_Burns=Eleventh Grade Burns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loon_Lake_(novel)=Loon Lake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veracity_(Laura_Bynum_novel)=Veracity (Laura Bynum novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropic_Moon=Tropic Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_of_Babylon_(novel)=Rivers of Babylon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Warning_to_the_Curious_and_Other_Ghost_Stories=A Warning to the Curious and Other Ghost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runt_(novel)=Runt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hominid_(novel)=Hominid (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Thought_of_You_(novel)=The Very Thought of You (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/August_Heat=August Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Fishsteps=The Sound of Fishsteps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_Begins=The Quest Begins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_All_Nations=Child of All Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_with_My_Face=Stranger with My Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Pilot's_License=Your Pilot's License
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_America_(stories)=Birds of America (stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_the_Sky=Search the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cream_of_the_Jest=The Cream of the Jest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blues_People=Blues People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiris_Rising=Osiris Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters_of_Men=Monsters of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kings_of_New_York=The Kings of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sozaboy:_A_Novel_in_Rotten_English=Sozaboy: A Novel in Rotten English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Awfully_Big_Adventure_(novel)=An Awfully Big Adventure (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_the_Ignormus=Freddy and the Ignormus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_Batman:_The_Possibility_of_a_Superhero=Becoming Batman: The Possibility of a Superhero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacia:_The_Other_Lands=Acacia: The Other Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Ashes_(Ashes_series)=Out of the Ashes (Ashes series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Grass_Rope=A Grass Rope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Enchantments=Book of Enchantments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anome=The Anome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Poems_of_Freddy_the_Pig=The Collected Poems of Freddy the Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin:_A_Life=Chaplin: A Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit_Albert=Petit Albert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pyramid._The_Soviet_Mafia=The Pyramid. The Soviet Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_23=New Writings in SF 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Better_Not_Cry=You Better Not Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twisted_Scriptures=Twisted Scriptures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acres_of_Skin=Acres of Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbatagirk=Urbatagirk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_the_Fed=End the Fed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_the_Dragon=Freddy and the Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arctic_Home_in_the_Vedas=The Arctic Home in the Vedas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargazer_(Patrick_Carman)=Stargazer (Patrick Carman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towers_of_Midnight=Towers of Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Happy:_The_Life_of_Judy_Garland=Get Happy: The Life of Judy Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Love_and_Other_Stories=Free Love and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimiter=Dimiter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_clefs_de_babel=Les clefs de babel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keynes:_The_Return_of_the_Master=Keynes: The Return of the Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corsair_(Cussler_novel)=Corsair (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Wolf_Conspiracy=The Red Wolf Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_the_Bean_Home_News=Freddy and the Bean Home News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_In_Neutral=Stuck In Neutral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fablehaven:_Keys_to_the_Demon_Prison=Fablehaven: Keys to the Demon Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Measle_and_the_Dragodon=Measle and the Dragodon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_24=New Writings in SF 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transition_(novel)=Transition (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Echo_in_the_Bone=An Echo in the Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_on_Purpose=American on Purpose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Chicago=Encyclopedia of Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Super-Rich_Can_Save_Us!=Only the Super-Rich Can Save Us!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mencius_(book)=Mencius (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_21=New Writings in SF 21
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alabaster_Staff=The Alabaster Staff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Bouquet=The Black Bouquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Gold=The Crimson Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Silk=The Yellow Silk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galileo's_Dream=Galileo's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Person_(novel)=Missing Person (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barack_and_Michelle=Barack and Michelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Deuce=Double Deuce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Empire_of_Their_Own=An Empire of Their Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journals_of_Ayn_Rand=Journals of Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampirates:_Empire_of_Night=Vampirates: Empire of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_of_William_Blake=Life of William Blake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arguing_with_Idiots=Arguing with Idiots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner_(novel)=The Winner (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Destiny=Ship of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Rogue:_An_American_Life=Going Rogue: An American Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_13=New Writings in SF 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_14=New Writings in SF 14
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Off_Center=Off Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_a_Method=Search for a Method
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Is_the_Sailor_(Amado_novel)=Home Is the Sailor (Amado novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare_Wrote_for_Money=Shakespeare Wrote for Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Nest_of_Occasionals=A Nest of Occasionals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zorgamazoo=Zorgamazoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fearless_(Lott_novel)=Fearless (Lott novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctified_and_Chicken_Fried=Sanctified and Chicken Fried
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_17=Project 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Land,_Fair_Land=Fair Land, Fair Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayu_no_Deji_Deji_Nikki=Ayu no Deji Deji Nikki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_In_A_Lifetime=All In A Lifetime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinary_Thunderstorms=Ordinary Thunderstorms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Don't_Make_a_Scene,_Mum!=Just Don't Make a Scene, Mum!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Jungle_Trails=On Jungle Trails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedhe_Shakawali=Jedhe Shakawali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_American_Diet=The New American Diet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10_Big_Lies_About_America=The 10 Big Lies About America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Morrison:_No_Surrender=Van Morrison: No Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedhe_Karina=Jedhe Karina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Think_I'll_Just_Curl_Up_and_Die!=I Think I'll Just Curl Up and Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Week_Omnibus_Books_1-3=What a Week Omnibus Books 1-3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Week_Omnibus_Books_4-6=What a Week Omnibus Books 4-6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tao_of_Wu=The Tao of Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_Is_Born_(book)=A Child Is Born (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhouse:_A_Tragic_Tale_of_Megalomania_and_Modern_Medicine=Madhouse: A Tragic Tale of Megalomania and Modern Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kat_Kong=Kat Kong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Could_You_Do_This_to_Me,_Mum%3F=How Could You Do This to Me, Mum?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Does_Anyone_Ever_Listen%3F=Does Anyone Ever Listen?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lustrum_(novel)=Lustrum (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh._My._Gods.=Oh. My. Gods.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andromeda_Klein=Andromeda Klein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secrets_of_Love=The Secrets of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Week_to_Risk_it_All=What a Week to Risk it All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_Secrets=Summer of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_German_Lesson=The German Lesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Footnote_to_History:_Eight_Years_of_Trouble_in_Samoa=A Footnote to History: Eight Years of Trouble in Samoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People,_Yes=The People, Yes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atta_(novel)=Atta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Morbid_Taste_for_Bones=A Morbid Taste for Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob's_Rescue=Jacob's Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storyteller_(book)=Storyteller (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storyteller_(novel)=The Storyteller (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/36_Children=36 Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defence_of_the_Realm=The Defence of the Realm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruel_and_Usual_Punishment=Cruel and Usual Punishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Vacuum=High Vacuum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_UnDutchables=The UnDutchables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_Simon_the_Dictator=Freddy and Simon the Dictator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Septimus_Heap:_The_Magykal_Papers=Septimus Heap: The Magykal Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/72_Things_Younger_Than_John_McCain=72 Things Younger Than John McCain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Colossal_Failure_of_Common_Sense=A Colossal Failure of Common Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Morrison:_Too_Late_to_Stop_Now=Van Morrison: Too Late to Stop Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf:_The_Journey_Home=Wolf: The Journey Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Father_Who_Art_in_The_Tree=Our Father Who Art in The Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeliner=Timeliner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_in_the_Family=Dead in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naked_Communist=The Naked Communist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mach_1:_A_Story_of_Planet_Ionus=Mach 1: A Story of Planet Ionus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Way_in_the_World=A Way in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_in_the_Water_(novel)=Dead in the Water (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaiah_Eleven=Isaiah Eleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Boy=The God Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_Together=Best Friends Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_Getting_Sorted=Best Friends Getting Sorted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flaws_in_the_Glass=Flaws in the Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patron_Saint_of_Butterflies=The Patron Saint of Butterflies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Fearful_Symmetry=Her Fearful Symmetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Junior_Officers'_Reading_Club=The Junior Officers' Reading Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_the_Sky=Half the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Green_Plums=The Land of Green Plums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unincorporated_Man=The Unincorporated Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Friends_in_Love=Best Friends in Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_chaos_(novel)=Total chaos (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chourmo=Chourmo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solea_(novel)=Solea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Week_to_Get_Real=What a Week to Get Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankensteins_of_Fraud=Frankensteins of Fraud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montecore:_The_Silence_of_the_Tiger=Montecore: The Silence of the Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Thousand_Year_Leap=The Five Thousand Year Leap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_(novel)=New York (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sundowners_(novel)=The Sundowners (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hi_no_Sakana=Hi no Sakana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Fish=Requiem for a Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XDM:_X-Treme_Dungeon_Mastery=XDM: X-Treme Dungeon Mastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Book_Is_Not_Good_for_You=This Book Is Not Good for You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Hand_of_Dante=In the Hand of Dante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Opium_Den=The Last Opium Den
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Months_on_Ghazzah_Street=Eight Months on Ghazzah Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_Haiti_and_the_Dominican_Republic=The Birds of Haiti and the Dominican Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melodies_and_Guns=Melodies and Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_20=New Writings in SF 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Omega=Point Omega
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_19=New Writings in SF 19
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_on_Earth=Power on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dino_(biography)=Dino (biography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Motherhood=Impossible Motherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Dead_Voices_Gather=Where Dead Voices Gather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Sonny_Liston=The Devil and Sonny Liston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_QI_Book_of_the_Dead=The QI Book of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destry_Rides_Again_(novel)=Destry Rides Again (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_18=New Writings in SF 18
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_17=New Writings in SF 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quiet_War_(novel)=The Quiet War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_the_Dark=Touch the Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_My_Russian_Summers=Dreams of My Russian Summers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Stories_of_J._G._Ballard=The Complete Stories of J. G. Ballard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Theory_of_International_Politics=Social Theory of International Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_and_Five_Brave_Horses=A Girl and Five Brave Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Darling,_My_Hamburger=My Darling, My Hamburger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_16=New Writings in SF 16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_15=New Writings in SF 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullam_al-sama'=Sullam al-sama'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Souls_(Dean_Koontz_novel)=Lost Souls (Dean Koontz novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_first_tome_or_volume_of_the_Paraphrase_of_Erasmus_vpon_the_newe_testamente=The first tome or volume of the Paraphrase of Erasmus vpon the newe testamente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_Being=Guardians of Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/P.O.W.:_Two_Years_with_the_Vietcong=P.O.W.: Two Years with the Vietcong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Wisdom,_Modern_World=Ancient Wisdom, Modern World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_25=New Writings in SF 25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_26=New Writings in SF 26
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aladore=Aladore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Either_You're_In_or_You're_in_the_Way=Either You're In or You're in the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_2_(book)=Power of 2 (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_Was_Wrong=Sherlock Holmes Was Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Wonder=The Age of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glorifying_Terrorism=Glorifying Terrorism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_and_Entering_(novel)=Breaking and Entering (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surge:_A_Military_History=The Surge: A Military History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_the_Jews_(Nick_Tosches_book)=King of the Jews (Nick Tosches book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Secular_Age=A Secular Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pages_Stained_with_Blood=Pages Stained with Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Chinnamasta=The Man from Chinnamasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sour_Sweet=Sour Sweet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_City_Streets=Beneath the City Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Used_Dark_Forces=They Used Dark Forces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goddess_of_the_Market=Goddess of the Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Executive_Power=Executive Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopards_who_have_Run_with_Me=The Leopards who have Run with Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Literature_of_Australian_Birds=The Literature of Australian Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Necromancer:_The_Secrets_of_the_Immortal_Nicholas_Flamel=The Necromancer: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcase_for_Hounds=Carcase for Hounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SuperFreakonomics=SuperFreakonomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olivia_(Rosie_Rushton_novel)=Olivia (Rosie Rushton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_28=New Writings in SF 28
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_27=New Writings in SF 27
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_50th_Law=The 50th Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Anna=From Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Help=The Help
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Western_Australia=Birds of Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Lives:_In_Search_of_the_Sacred_in_Modern_India=Nine Lives: In Search of the Sacred in Modern India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_See_Yourself_as_You_Really_Are=How to See Yourself as You Really Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Writings_in_SF_29=New Writings in SF 29
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shrinking_Man=The Shrinking Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Works_Because_We_Do=Harvard Works Because We Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elder_Scrolls:_The_Infernal_City=The Elder Scrolls: The Infernal City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/700_Sundays=700 Sundays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Handbook_of_Australian_Sea-birds=The Handbook of Australian Sea-birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_the_Science_of_Hadith=Introduction to the Science of Hadith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Like_Crazy=Driving Like Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Culture_of_Conspiracy=A Culture of Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1587,_a_Year_of_No_Significance=1587, a Year of No Significance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budayeen_Nights=Budayeen Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Bird_is_That%3F=What Bird is That?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Rouge=Going Rouge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_the_District_of_Geelong,_Australia=The Birds of the District of Geelong, Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Too_Deep_(The_39_Clues)=In Too Deep (The 39 Clues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Handbook_of_Clinical_Medicine=Oxford Handbook of Clinical Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bell_at_Sealey_Head=The Bell at Sealey Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Church_and_the_Homosexual=The Church and the Homosexual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Forests_of_Serre=In the Forests of Serre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_and_the_Sword_of_Mercy=Peter and the Sword of Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Dor=Castle Dor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpsons:_An_Uncensored,_Unauthorized_History=The Simpsons: An Uncensored, Unauthorized History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Village_Lost_and_Found=A Village Lost and Found
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_Hell=Notes from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memorial_Day_(novel)=Memorial Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_to_the_Birds_of_Australia=Handbook to the Birds of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_'Em_Back_Alive_(book)=Bring 'Em Back Alive (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_H.F.=Finding H.F.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Star_(novel)=The Blue Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Od_Magic=Od Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Science_Fiction=The Best of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lad,_A_Dog=Lad, A Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virginians=The Virginians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Short_Stories_2009=The Best American Short Stories 2009
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filthy_Lucre:_Economics_for_People_Who_Hate_Capitalism=Filthy Lucre: Economics for People Who Hate Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_for_God=The Battle for God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Life=Bird Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kittyhawk_Down=Kittyhawk Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavengro=Lavengro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pocket_Book_of_Boners=The Pocket Book of Boners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Bible_amusante=La Bible amusante
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molecular_Biology_of_the_Cell_(textbook)=Molecular Biology of the Cell (textbook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krondor:_The_Assassins=Krondor: The Assassins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nellie,_1983=Nellie, 1983
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leper_of_Saint_Giles=The Leper of Saint Giles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eating_the_Dinosaur=Eating the Dinosaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Handcuffs=Chinese Handcuffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleidoscope_(short_story_collection)=Kaleidoscope (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Departures_(collection)=Departures (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Cats=Evil Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mind_at_Peace=A Mind at Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Will_Survive_(book)=I Will Survive (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Web_of_Air=A Web of Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celandine_(novel)=Celandine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Dog_Saw=What the Dog Saw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fine_and_Private_Place=A Fine and Private Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortune_at_the_Bottom_of_the_Pyramid=The Fortune at the Bottom of the Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_Full_of_Mirrors=Room Full of Mirrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_to_Win_(Conroy_novel)=A World to Win (Conroy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayn_Rand_and_the_World_She_Made=Ayn Rand and the World She Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mallee-Fowl=The Mallee-Fowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant:_Dark_Days=Skulduggery Pleasant: Dark Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well_of_the_Unicorn=The Well of the Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_a_Nation_(novel)=The Fall of a Nation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Field_Guide_to_Australian_Birds_(Slater)=A Field Guide to Australian Birds (Slater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Will_of_a_Russian_fascist=The Last Will of a Russian fascist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_Lies_and_Lizzie=Love, Lies and Lizzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Crosscurrent=Star Wars: Crosscurrent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_Point=Break Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attica_(novel)=Attica (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Clerk=The Indian Clerk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divorce_Busting=Divorce Busting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makers_(novel)=Makers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_People's_History_of_American_Empire=A People's History of American Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children's_Book=The Children's Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gypsy_Breynton=Gypsy Breynton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraken_(novel)=Kraken (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Have_and_to_Hold_(Moggach_novel)=To Have and to Hold (Moggach novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_World_to_Win_(Sinclair_novel)=A World to Win (Sinclair novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_&_Max:_A_Fables_Novel=Peter & Max: A Fables Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_the_Politician=Freddy the Politician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_in_Three_Hundred=One in Three Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Capital_Supply_Chain=Human Capital Supply Chain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_My_Jetpack%3F=Where's My Jetpack?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Scientist_Hall_of_Fame=The Mad Scientist Hall of Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Build_a_Robot_Army=How to Build a Robot Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean's_Way=Jean's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whole_Earth_Discipline=Whole Earth Discipline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_My_Mother_Never_Taught_Me=Songs My Mother Never Taught Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Many_and_Many_a_Year_Ago=Many and Many a Year Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Cotton's_Birds_of_the_Port_Phillip_District_of_New_South_Wales_1843-1849=John Cotton's Birds of the Port Phillip District of New South Wales 1843-1849
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burned_(Cast_novel)=Burned (Cast novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persecutor=The Persecutor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mechanical_Bride:_Folklore_of_Industrial_Man=The Mechanical Bride: Folklore of Industrial Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_the_Dead_(novel)=Living with the Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckoning_(Armstrong_novel)=The Reckoning (Armstrong novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_(Armstrong_novel)=The Awakening (Armstrong novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Field_Guide_to_Nests_and_Eggs_of_Australian_Birds=A Field Guide to Nests and Eggs of Australian Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_Kings=The Way of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_That_Came_Early=The War That Came Early
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music,_Thought,_and_Feeling=Music, Thought, and Feeling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany's_Aims_in_the_First_World_War=Germany's Aims in the First World War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_(Auster_novel)=Invisible (Auster novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_(book)=Quantum (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Kiss=Shadow Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unconquerable_World=The Unconquerable World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ornithology_of_Australia=The Ornithology of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worry_Trap=The Worry Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannes_Cabal_the_Necromancer=Johannes Cabal the Necromancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage:_A_Love_Story=Rage: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Ages_of_the_Interior_Life=The Three Ages of the Interior Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Note_Another_Note:_The_Los_Angeles_BB_Murder_Cases=Death Note Another Note: The Los Angeles BB Murder Cases
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chymical_Wedding=The Chymical Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Misery_of_Boots=This Misery of Boots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_On=Turning On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel's_Kitchen=Laurel's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenties_Girl=Twenties Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_You_Keep_a_Secret%3F_(novel)=Can You Keep a Secret? (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Teeth=Sharp Teeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_&_Respect=Love & Respect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democracies:_Patterns_of_Majoritarian_&_Consensus_Government_in_Twenty-one_Countries=Democracies: Patterns of Majoritarian & Consensus Government in Twenty-one Countries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epitaphs_for_the_Living=Epitaphs for the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Soldier=Goodbye Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manituana=Manituana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undomestic_Goddess=The Undomestic Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_Australia_(Mathews)=The Birds of Australia (Mathews)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_in_the_Wind=Heroes in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gangster_We_Are_All_Looking_For=The Gangster We Are All Looking For
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Mysteries=Song of the Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canon=The Canon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gekashitsu=Gekashitsu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blu's_Hanging=Blu's Hanging
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viper's_Nest=The Viper's Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad:_The_%22Banned%22_Images=Muhammad: The "Banned" Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Minute_Manager=The One Minute Manager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_World=Fire World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishop's_Man=The Bishop's Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Deal_in_Ostriches=A Deal in Ostriches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pearl_of_Love=The Pearl of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanking_Shakespeare=Spanking Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Basketball=The Book of Basketball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power,_Sex,_Suicide=Power, Sex, Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politically_Incorrect_Guide_to_English_and_American_Literature=The Politically Incorrect Guide to English and American Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Tower:_The_Wind_Through_the_Keyhole=The Dark Tower: The Wind Through the Keyhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Core_Python_Programming=Core Python Programming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erskine_May:_Parliamentary_Practice=Erskine May: Parliamentary Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lotus_Grows_in_the_Mud=A Lotus Grows in the Mud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heligoland_(novel)=Heligoland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Psychon=Lords of the Psychon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Girl_(novel)=The New Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Price_(Tanya_Huff)=Blood Price (Tanya Huff)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victim:_The_Other_Side_of_Murder=Victim: The Other Side of Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_Mafia_(book)=Muslim Mafia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_and_the_Lady_in_Pink_(novel)=Oscar and the Lady in Pink (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Words_(book)=Last Words (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egg_Collecting_and_Bird_Life_of_Australia=Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Old_Ace_in_the_Hole=That Old Ace in the Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cup_(book)=The Cup (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirt_(novel)=Flirt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_the_World_is_Going=The Way the World is Going
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_War_Is_It%3F=Whose War Is It?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Sixth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Sixth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birds_of_Australia_(Broinowski)=The Birds of Australia (Broinowski)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghosts/Aliens=Ghosts/Aliens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gospel_Principles=Gospel Principles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More-with-Less_Cookbook=More-with-Less Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rifle=The Rifle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueberry_Girl=Blueberry Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Lion_(book)=American Lion (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_(novel)=Face (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_Around_Your_Neck=The Thing Around Your Neck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N'Heures_Souris_Rames=N'Heures Souris Rames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caballero:_A_Historical_Novel=Caballero: A Historical Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Company_of_Liars=Company of Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathers:_A_Zombie's_Lament=Breathers: A Zombie's Lament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_(novel)=Shadows (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaac's_Universe=Isaac's Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombies:_A_Record_of_the_Year_of_Infection=Zombies: A Record of the Year of Infection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Spy_Running=Dead Spy Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survival_of_the_Sickest_(book)=Survival of the Sickest (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel_Through_Time=Tunnel Through Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Paradise_and_Power=Of Paradise and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1942_(novel)=1942 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_Men=The Monster Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Subtle_Knife_(audio)=The Subtle Knife (audio)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodromus_Entomology=Prodromus Entomology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vision_of_Judgment=The Vision of Judgment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Walker_(novel)=Spirit Walker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Terrorist=The Unknown Terrorist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probuditi!=Probuditi!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Eater_(novel)=Soul Eater (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subterranean_(novel)=Subterranean (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Day_(novel)=One Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Could_Be_Santa=The Man Who Could Be Santa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sexes_Throughout_Nature=The Sexes Throughout Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Buffalo_Saga=The Buffalo Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deltora_Book_of_Monsters=The Deltora Book of Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wired_for_Thought=Wired for Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rhetoric_of_Reaction=The Rhetoric of Reaction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family:_The_Secret_Fundamentalism_at_the_Heart_of_American_Power=The Family: The Secret Fundamentalism at the Heart of American Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Girl_(novel)=Shark Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Light_(novel)=City of Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tehelka_as_Metaphor=Tehelka as Metaphor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grunts!=Grunts!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Exclusive_Brethren=Behind the Exclusive Brethren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_(novel)=Roma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_Naturalis_Brasiliae=Historia Naturalis Brasiliae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Perfectly_Normal=It's Perfectly Normal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_General_Zapped_an_Angel=The General Zapped an Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Biggest_Game_in_Town=The Biggest Game in Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blown_for_Good=Blown for Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalking_the_Angel=Stalking the Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullaby_Town=Lullaby Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L.A._Requiem=L.A. Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Impressionism_To_Anime=From Impressionism To Anime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vendetta_(novel)=La Vendetta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geographical_kaleidoscope=Geographical kaleidoscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hind_and_the_Panther=The Hind and the Panther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Halloween_Ever=The Best Halloween Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmos_and_Psyche=Cosmos and Psyche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_for_Us_Is_to_See_You_Suffer=Victory for Us Is to See You Suffer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_in_Aida=Men in Aida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Supper_(novel)=The Last Supper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Field_Guide_to_the_Birds_of_Australia_(Pizzey)=A Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (Pizzey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargonauts=Stargonauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Atlantis_Complex=Artemis Fowl: The Atlantis Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_Danske_Vitruvius=Den Danske Vitruvius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Season:_A_Candid_Look_at_Broadway=The Season: A Candid Look at Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Be_Daemons=Here Be Daemons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_Forward=Face Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Devil_Dingo=The Giant Devil Dingo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Places,_Hidden_Sanctuaries=Secret Places, Hidden Sanctuaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Picture=The Man in the Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erewhon_Revisited=Erewhon Revisited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinite_Man=The Infinite Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepwalking_Land=Sleepwalking Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Belonged_to_Me=The Ghost Belonged to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrot_and_Olivier_in_America=Parrot and Olivier in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost-Seer=The Ghost-Seer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_My_Voice=Raising My Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Owl_in_the_Attic_and_Other_Perplexities=The Owl in the Attic and Other Perplexities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tears_of_a_Tiger=Tears of a Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son-Rise:_The_Miracle_Continues=Son-Rise: The Miracle Continues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Rust=American Rust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Forsaken_Star=My Forsaken Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breathless_(novel)=Breathless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_the_Lakes=People of the Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castration_Celebration=Castration Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halt's_Peril=Halt's Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_obcy=Ten obcy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Novice=The Devil's Novice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Tastes_Better_with_Bacon=Everything Tastes Better with Bacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_in_the_Mind_(novel)=All in the Mind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Use_of_Human_Beings=The Human Use of Human Beings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DNA_Repair_and_Mutagenesis=DNA Repair and Mutagenesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devi_Chaudhurani=Devi Chaudhurani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hafnia_Hodierna=Hafnia Hodierna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhelm_Reich_in_Hell=Wilhelm Reich in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heir_of_Redclyffe=The Heir of Redclyffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Belloc_Objects_to_%22The_Outline_of_History%22=Mr. Belloc Objects to "The Outline of History"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oragenitalism=Oragenitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mammoth_Book_of_Best_New_Manga=The Mammoth Book of Best New Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nudge_(book)=Nudge (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flight_of_Pigeons=A Flight of Pigeons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magical_Worlds_of_Harry_Potter=The Magical Worlds of Harry Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Memphis_(novel)=The Road to Memphis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mighty_Fortress_(novel)=A Mighty Fortress (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Teenage_Baboon=Confessions of a Teenage Baboon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taboo_(book)=Taboo (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_the_Sea=The King of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Big_Boy_Now_(novel)=You're a Big Boy Now (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_for_God=The Case for God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_and_Act=Shadow and Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ascent_of_Wonder:_The_Evolution_of_Hard_SF=The Ascent of Wonder: The Evolution of Hard SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reef_of_Death=Reef of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_Americans=The Making of Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradiva_(novel)=Gradiva (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorer's_Handbook=Explorer's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonderland_Revisited_and_the_Games_Alice_Played_There=Wonderland Revisited and the Games Alice Played There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Darcy_(omnibus)=Lord Darcy (omnibus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Little_Rain=The Land of Little Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forgotten_God=Forgotten God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Fallen_Stars=Pirates of the Fallen Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_the_Canadian_Military%3F=Who Killed the Canadian Military?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mention_My_Name_in_Atlantis=Mention My Name in Atlantis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarian_Princess_(novel)=Barbarian Princess (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Fruit_(novel)=Strange Fruit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Dream_(novel)=Fever Dream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patronage_(novel)=Patronage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judgment_Day:_My_Years_with_Ayn_Rand=Judgment Day: My Years with Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_Video=Jesus Video
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Killings_of_Assam_(book)=Secret Killings of Assam (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Ditch_Your_Fairy=How to Ditch Your Fairy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bacon_Cookbook=The Bacon Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lothair_(novel)=Lothair (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Far_Cry_from_Kensington=A Far Cry from Kensington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yes_Means_Yes=Yes Means Yes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_a_Doll's_House:_A_Memoir=Leaving a Doll's House: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_Liberty=Guardians of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montmorency_(novel)=Montmorency (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Doth_the_Simple_Spelling_Bee=How Doth the Simple Spelling Bee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_(short_story)=Mother (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wicker_Man_(novel)=The Wicker Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolutionary_Void=The Evolutionary Void
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roark's_Formulas_for_Stress_and_Strain=Roark's Formulas for Stress and Strain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pereira_Maintains=Pereira Maintains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Efficiency_Expert_(novel)=The Efficiency Expert (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitechapel_Gods=Whitechapel Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_A_Novel=Book A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice_Hall=Justice Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunless_City=The Sunless City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Comes_to_Harlem_(novel)=Cotton Comes to Harlem (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Josiah_Henson,_Formerly_a_Slave,_Now_an_Inhabitant_of_Canada,_as_Narrated_by_Himself=The Life of Josiah Henson, Formerly a Slave, Now an Inhabitant of Canada, as Narrated by Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sungods_in_Exile=Sungods in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Australia:_A_Summary_of_Information=Birds of Australia: A Summary of Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon_of_Despair=The Dragon of Despair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Captured=Wolf Captured
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Hunting=Wolf Hunting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf's_Blood=Wolf's Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Brew_(book)=Strange Brew (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Father=The Dead Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_World_(novel)=Real World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadratnamala=Sadratnamala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeling_Very_Strange:_The_Slipstream_Anthology=Feeling Very Strange: The Slipstream Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/STAR_Academy_(novel)=STAR Academy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sheldon's_Mistress_of_the_Game=Sidney Sheldon's Mistress of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Diaboliques_(book)=Les Diaboliques (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Guide=Green Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danger_Along_the_Ohio=Danger Along the Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sport_of_Nature=A Sport of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_in_Translation=Animals in Translation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irish_Filmography=The Irish Filmography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyber_Rights=Cyber Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eating_Animals=Eating Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beckham_Experiment=The Beckham Experiment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classification_of_Pharmaco-Therapeutic_Referrals=Classification of Pharmaco-Therapeutic Referrals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maze_Runner=The Maze Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveller_Wedding=Traveller Wedding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Sleep_(novel)=Doctor Sleep (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterlily_(novel)=Waterlily (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride_and_Prejudice_and_Zombies:_Dawn_of_the_Dreadfuls=Pride and Prejudice and Zombies: Dawn of the Dreadfuls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Bound=Spirit Bound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_of_Your_Life_and_Others=Stories of Your Life and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vision_in_White=Vision in White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rides_a_Dread_Legion=Rides a Dread Legion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_and_His_Emissary=The Master and His Emissary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_You_Dare_Read_This,_Mrs._Dunphrey=Don't You Dare Read This, Mrs. Dunphrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution,_Me_&_Other_Freaks_of_Nature=Evolution, Me & Other Freaks of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Poured_Fire_on_Us_From_the_Sky=They Poured Fire on Us From the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_Imperial_Commando:_501st=Star Wars Imperial Commando: 501st
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_of_Bubastes=The Cat of Bubastes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Valley_of_the_Kings=In the Valley of the Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakable_You=Breakable You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Image_of_the_Beast_(novel)=Image of the Beast (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauchamp's_Career=Beauchamp's Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetty_Feather=Hetty Feather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Clone_Wars_Gambit:_Stealth=Star Wars: Clone Wars Gambit: Stealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watter's_Mou'=The Watter's Mou'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_Anti-Christ_with_the_Church_and_Christian_Civilization=War of Anti-Christ with the Church and Christian Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Angels=Fire Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Marine_(memoir)=China Marine (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Angry_Shot_(book)=The Odd Angry Shot (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Run_for_Your_Life_(children's_novel)=Run for Your Life (children's novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sources_of_the_Self=Sources of the Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Adventures_of_Lad=Further Adventures of Lad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_and_Tolerance=Truth and Tolerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aramaya=Aramaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memory_Cathedral=The Memory Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanter_(novel)=Enchanter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/StarMan=StarMan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infernal=The Infernal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_You_Reach_Me=When You Reach Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve's_Seed=Eve's Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark_Winter=A Dark Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Primaveras=As Primaveras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_(Kate_novel)=Fallen (Kate novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storm_Weaver_and_the_Sand=The Storm Weaver and the Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_sorte_de_justice=Une sorte de justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_The_Shadows:_The_Selected_Stories_of_Tanith_Lee,_Volume_Two=Hunting The Shadows: The Selected Stories of Tanith Lee, Volume Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22U%22_Is_for_Undertow="U" Is for Undertow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crooked_Letter=The Crooked Letter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Jeevan_Yatra=Meri Jeevan Yatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Pearls_of_Wisdom=The Two Pearls of Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mus_of_Kerbridge=Mus of Kerbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Treatise_on_Money=A Treatise on Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallout:_An_American_Nuclear_Tragedy=Fallout: An American Nuclear Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_That_the_Rain_Promises_and_More...=All That the Rain Promises and More...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reader's_Digest_Complete_Book_of_Australian_Birds=Reader's Digest Complete Book of Australian Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Balthus=The House of Balthus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_Senna=Search for Senna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stop_Pretending:_What_Happened_When_My_Big_Sister_Went_Crazy=Stop Pretending: What Happened When My Big Sister Went Crazy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_(novel)=Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle's_Prophecy=The Eagle's Prophecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gladiator_(Scarrow_novel)=The Gladiator (Scarrow novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Wizard=The Last Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Jungle=Dream Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Tobacco_Shop=The Old Tobacco Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Windy_Hill=The Windy Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downright_Dencey=Downright Dencey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Bush_(novel)=Calico Bush (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ABC_Bunny=ABC Bunny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Singing_Tree=The Singing Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Figure_Away=Figure Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardance=Stardance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starseed_(novel)=Starseed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starmind_(novel)=Starmind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Fresh=Always Fresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirrored_Heavens=The Mirrored Heavens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_in_Ithkar=Magic in Ithkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_in_Ithkar_2=Magic in Ithkar 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amityville:_The_Evil_Escapes_(book)=Amityville: The Evil Escapes (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cape_Cod_Mystery=The Cape Cod Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fog_Magic=Fog Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln's_World=Abraham Lincoln's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hotel_on_the_Roof_of_the_World=The Hotel on the Roof of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinity_of_Lists=The Infinity of Lists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Histories=Case Histories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_Blue=Born Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreign_Devil=Foreign Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Great_World_Spin=Let the Great World Spin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrorist_Hunters=The Terrorist Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Resurrectionists=The Resurrectionists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Ruin=Angel of Ruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autumn_Castle=The Autumn Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giants_of_the_Frost=Giants of the Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cotton_Night-Cap_Country=Red Cotton Night-Cap Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rihanna_(book)=Rihanna (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cauldron_of_Witches=A Cauldron of Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impact_(novel)=Impact (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballroom_of_the_Skies=Ballroom of the Skies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Companion_Set=Dungeons & Dragons Companion Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Body_of_Evening=The White Body of Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seance_(Harwood_novel)=The Seance (Harwood novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Little_Bitch_Girl=Poor Little Bitch Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_of_the_Sea=Born of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Few_Seconds_of_Panic=A Few Seconds of Panic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behemoth_(Westerfield_novel)=Behemoth (Westerfield novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Methods_of_Ethics=The Methods of Ethics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spilt_Milk_(novel)=Spilt Milk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spook_Country=Spook Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle's_Boys_(novel)=Miracle's Boys (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Passage_(novel)=Night Passage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iorich=Iorich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_Within:_America's_Battle_over_Vietnam=The War Within: America's Battle over Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Crusade=The Black Crusade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilo_Family_Circus=The Pilo Family Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Sea=The Mystery of the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_(Stoker_novel)=The Man (Stoker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Betty=Miss Betty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shoulder_of_Shasta=The Shoulder of Shasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Athlyne=Lady Athlyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mount_Marunga_Mystery=The Mount Marunga Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_(novel)=Brooklyn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouble_in_Paradise_(Parker_novel)=Trouble in Paradise (Parker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_of_Roses_(novel)=Bed of Roses (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Unlikeness=Land of Unlikeness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Reminiscences_of_Henry_Irving=Personal Reminiscences of Henry Irving
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famous_Impostors=Famous Impostors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ebony_Idol=The Ebony Idol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Psychoanalysis=Introduction to Psychoanalysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tommy_Storm_and_the_Galactic_Knights=Tommy Storm and the Galactic Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_(Jonathan_Kellerman_novel)=Gone (Jonathan Kellerman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Change=Game Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Cleaner=My Cleaner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Jackie_Chan=I Am Jackie Chan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Land=The Burning Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(K._A._Bedford_novel)=Eclipse (K. A. Bedford novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love,_A_Rather_Bad_Idea=Love, A Rather Bad Idea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Machines_Repaired_While-U-Wait=Time Machines Repaired While-U-Wait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winter_Journey_(novel)=The Winter Journey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper:_Living_with_Nancy=Keeper: Living with Nancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_Wally%3F_The_Incredible_Paper_Chase=Where's Wally? The Incredible Paper Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Rules:_An_Eater's_Manual=Food Rules: An Eater's Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_of_Dragons_(book)=The Flight of Dragons (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metal_Fatigue_(novel)=Metal Fatigue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Imbalance=The Dark Imbalance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Serious_Ladies=Two Serious Ladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Paradise_(novel)=Death in Paradise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intentional_Logic=Intentional Logic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Bovine=Going Bovine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Star-Crowned_Kings=The Star-Crowned Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Atonement=Days of Atonement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Verse:_The_Lost_Rhymes_of_Wonderland=Alice in Verse: The Lost Rhymes of Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_the_Nation=The Blood of the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanapaddhati=Karanapaddhati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunnicula:_A_Rabbit-Tale_of_Mystery=Bunnicula: A Rabbit-Tale of Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Abacus=The White Abacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraswatichandra_(novel)=Saraswatichandra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vintage_Season=Vintage Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcension=Transcension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_Peace=Shattered Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Auroras_of_Autumn=The Auroras of Autumn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dravyasamgraha=Dravyasamgraha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_History_of_Crime=A Brief History of Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bird_of_Heaven=Little Bird of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Native_Star=The Native Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_in_Bed=Good in Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signature_in_the_Cell=Signature in the Cell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Course_I_Love_You_..!_Till_I_Find_Someone_Better=Of Course I Love You ..! Till I Find Someone Better
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_Than_Human_(novel)=Less Than Human (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuisines_of_the_Axis_of_Evil_and_Other_Irritating_States=Cuisines of the Axis of Evil and Other Irritating States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keepers_of_the_House=Keepers of the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Philip=The Adventures of Philip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horns_(novel)=Horns (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazail-e-Sadqaat=Fazail-e-Sadqaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Just_the_Way_It_Is=Fine Just the Way It Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K-Machines=K-Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Drowning=The Art of Drowning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln,_Vampire_Hunter_(novel)=Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_10,000_Year_Explosion=The 10,000 Year Explosion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoobreak=Zoobreak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brimstone_(Parker_novel)=Brimstone (Parker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuelle_(novel)=Emmanuelle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breaking_Point_(anthology)=The Breaking Point (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_Zone:_19_Original_Stories_on_the_50th_Anniversary=Twilight Zone: 19 Original Stories on the 50th Anniversary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia_and_Albania=Serbia and Albania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_(Parker_novel)=Stone Cold (Parker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_&_the_Mouse=The Lion & the Mouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life,_Sofia_Andreevna_Tolstaya=My Life, Sofia Andreevna Tolstaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floating_in_My_Mother's_Palm=Floating in My Mother's Palm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Cupboards=100 Cupboards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otherspace_(novel)=Otherspace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Father_(book)=Dear Father (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Wheel=The Broken Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Death=Swords Against Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_in_the_Mist=Swords in the Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_Wizardry=Swords Against Wizardry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swords_of_Lankhmar=The Swords of Lankhmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_and_Ice_Magic=Swords and Ice Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knight_and_Knave_of_Swords=The Knight and Knave of Swords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Chicks_Talking=Black Chicks Talking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_or_Sink=Think or Sink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_(novel)=Crystal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deucalion_(novel)=Deucalion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Windup_Girl=The Windup Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vermeer's_Hat=Vermeer's Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fermat's_Last_Theorem_(book)=Fermat's Last Theorem (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Thunder=The Sound of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swords_Against_the_Shadowland=Swords Against the Shadowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Master_Rules=Dungeons & Dragons Master Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enviro-Capitalists:_Doing_Good_While_Doing_Well=Enviro-Capitalists: Doing Good While Doing Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Novel=The Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_My_Babies_Go!_A_Passover_Story=Let My Babies Go! A Passover Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Considerations_on_Representative_Government=Considerations on Representative Government
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busybody_Nora=Busybody Nora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Sigurd_the_Volsung_and_the_Fall_of_the_Niblungs=The Story of Sigurd the Volsung and the Fall of the Niblungs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_by_a_Thousand_Cuts_(book)=Death by a Thousand Cuts (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Face_of_Janus=The Other Face of Janus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Kids=Just Kids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Hand=The Other Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Ozzy=I Am Ozzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greylands=Greylands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Half=The Power of Half
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Cosmicomics=The Complete Cosmicomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confusions_of_Pleasure=The Confusions of Pleasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cultural_Creatives=The Cultural Creatives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Choice=The Third Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_to_Eye_(novel)=Eye to Eye (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloodless_Revolution_(book)=The Bloodless Revolution (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Law_and_Natural_Rights=Natural Law and Natural Rights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Sword=Shadow of the Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Book_(Alcoholics_Anonymous)=The Big Book (Alcoholics Anonymous)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trackers_Series=Trackers Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fact,_Fiction,_and_Forecast=Fact, Fiction, and Forecast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praying_for_Power=Praying for Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Course_of_Theoretical_Physics=Course of Theoretical Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Hitch=Me and Hitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singing_the_Dogstar_Blues=Singing the Dogstar Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockroach_(novel)=Cockroach (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelling_the_People=Quelling the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Racial_Contract=The Racial Contract
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark_Victory=A Dark Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bright_Red_Scream=A Bright Red Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Profile=High Profile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Senator=The American Senator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_in_Ithkar_3=Magic in Ithkar 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_in_Ithkar_4=Magic in Ithkar 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinese_State_in_Ming_Society=The Chinese State in Ming Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collaboration:_Japanese_Agents_and_Local_Elites_in_Wartime_China=Collaboration: Japanese Agents and Local Elites in Wartime China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Mafioso=The Last Mafioso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_and_the_Raven=The Eagle and the Raven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_Walk_in_the_Hindu_Kush=A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bihu_Songs_of_Assam=Bihu Songs of Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Sisters_of_India_(book)=The Seven Sisters of India (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leonard_T._Miller=Leonard T. Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatal_System_Error_(book)=Fatal System Error (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Fleet:_Victorious=The Lost Fleet: Victorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Calligrapher=The Calligrapher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bite_Me:_A_Love_Story=Bite Me: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Will_Be_Time=There Will Be Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assamese_Response_to_Regionalism=Assamese Response to Regionalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Officer's_Guide_to_Police_Pistolcraft=The Officer's Guide to Police Pistolcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_the_Meritocracy=Lost in the Meritocracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedlam_(Kennen_novel)=Bedlam (Kennen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparks_(novel)=Sparks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonders_of_a_Godless_World=Wonders of a Godless World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_of_Glory=The Hand of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Shadows=Living Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jyotiprasad_as_a_Film_Maker=Jyotiprasad as a Film Maker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alyzon_Whitestarr=Alyzon Whitestarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emperor_Shaka_the_Great=Emperor Shaka the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recessional_(novel)=Recessional (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Drink_for_a_Reason=I Drink for a Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnikin_of_the_Rock=Finnikin of the Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Amateur_Laborer=An Amateur Laborer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Joys_of_Motherhood=The Joys of Motherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perspectives_on_Cinema_of_Assam=Perspectives on Cinema of Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fires_of_Spring=The Fires of Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Girl_(novel)=Big Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Construction_and_Principal_Uses_of_Mathematical_Instruments=The Construction and Principal Uses of Mathematical Instruments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Paradise_(novel)=Return to Paradise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridges_at_Toko-Ri_(novel)=The Bridges at Toko-Ri (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_of_Asia=The Voice of Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientology_(James_R._Lewis_book)=Scientology (James R. Lewis book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ordeal_of_Richard_Feverel=The Ordeal of Richard Feverel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folklore_of_Assam=Folklore of Assam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayonara_(novel)=Sayonara (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Global_Warming_Disaster=The Real Global Warming Disaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watermen=The Watermen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_of_Bees=The Language of Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pacific_(novel)=South Pacific (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Lost_Mexico=My Lost Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miracle_in_Seville=Miracle in Seville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matecumbe_(novel)=Matecumbe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pick_Me_Up_(book)=Pick Me Up (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moon_in_the_Cloud=The Moon in the Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motown_and_Didi=Motown and Didi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marjorie's_Quest=Marjorie's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolves_in_the_Walls=The Wolves in the Walls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collected_Stories_for_Children=Collected Stories for Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptability_and_Partnership:_Issues_for_the_Strategic_Defence_Review=Adaptability and Partnership: Issues for the Strategic Defence Review
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blocks_to_Robots=Blocks to Robots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darksong=Darksong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonkilling_Global_Political_Science=Nonkilling Global Political Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hymn_Before_Battle=A Hymn Before Battle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gust_Front_(novel)=Gust Front (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Faire=Hell's Faire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvation_on_Sand_Mountain=Salvation on Sand Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Particle_Dark_Matter=Particle Dark Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Boys=Real Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doutrina_Christam_em_Lingoa_Bramana_Canarim=Doutrina Christam em Lingoa Bramana Canarim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honour_&_Other_People's_Children=Honour & Other People's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Avatar=The Art of Avatar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reversal=The Reversal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_at_Tern_Rock=The Light at Tern Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resurrectionist_(novel)=Resurrectionist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Wheat=Through the Wheat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_on_the_Rhine_(novel)=Watch on the Rhine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Eyes=Yellow Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bride_of_Abydos=The Bride of Abydos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastime_(novel)=Pastime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Centurion=The Last Centurion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye_of_the_Storm_(Ringo_novel)=Eye of the Storm (Ringo novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tuloriad=The Tuloriad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cally's_War=Cally's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hero_(novel)=The Hero (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Time=Sister Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Honor_of_the_Clan=Honor of the Clan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Books_of_the_Odyssey=The Lost Books of the Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saiwai_Qixia_Zhuan=Saiwai Qixia Zhuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Path_of_Perfection=The Path of Perfection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Screen_(novel)=Blue Screen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Less_Than_Victory=No Less Than Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slow_Chocolate_Autopsy=Slow Chocolate Autopsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'ordalia=L'ordalia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seedfolks=Seedfolks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Sand_(book)=The Book of Sand (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychoanalysis_and_Religion=Psychoanalysis and Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mockingjay=Mockingjay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurry_Home,_Candy=Hurry Home, Candy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Performance_Hacks=Mind Performance Hacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Description_of_a_Struggle_(collection)=Description of a Struggle (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_to_the_Barrios=Doctor to the Barrios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_History=Zero History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BLT_Cookbook=The BLT Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Warcraft:_Arthas:_Rise_of_the_Lich_King=World of Warcraft: Arthas: Rise of the Lich King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_Window-Dressing=A Guide to Window-Dressing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Terrifying_Re-Turn_of_Tippy_Tinkletrousers=Captain Underpants and the Terrifying Re-Turn of Tippy Tinkletrousers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweets_and_Other_Stories=Sweets and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Immortals_Rules=Dungeons & Dragons Immortals Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Harry_Richmond=The Adventures of Harry Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Catalogue_of_Books_Printed_in_the_Fifteenth_Century_now_in_the_Bodleian_Library=A Catalogue of Books Printed in the Fifteenth Century now in the Bodleian Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philadelphia_Negro=The Philadelphia Negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Marston=Mary Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Weavers_(anthology)=Dream Weavers (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospital_of_the_Transfiguration=Hospital of the Transfiguration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramage_and_the_Freebooters=Ramage and the Freebooters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Brood=Devil's Brood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evernight_(novel)=Evernight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_de_Belgrano_y_de_la_Independencia_Argentina=Historia de Belgrano y de la Independencia Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_I_Always_Wanted=The War I Always Wanted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Identity_(Margaret_Peterson_Haddix_novel)=Double Identity (Margaret Peterson Haddix novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Morning_in_Maine=One Morning in Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Expert_Set=Dungeons & Dragons Expert Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threepenny_Novel=Threepenny Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strong_Horse=The Strong Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heat_of_the_Day=The Heat of the Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone's_Fall=Stone's Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Gaga:_Queen_of_Pop=Lady Gaga: Queen of Pop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Olivia=Santa Olivia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Dark,_No_Stars=Full Dark, No Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservative_Victory=Conservative Victory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare's_Memory_(book)=Shakespeare's Memory (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_and_Horrors=Heroes and Horrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout/All_Clear=Blackout/All Clear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaze_of_Silver=Blaze of Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horns_of_Elfland=The Horns of Elfland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfinished_Revolution=The Unfinished Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_Lesson=The Art Lesson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroic_Visions=Heroic Visions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroic_Visions_II=Heroic Visions II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_Sherlock_Holmes=The Devil and Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zen_of_CSS_Design=The Zen of CSS Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Fritz_Leiber=The Book of Fritz Leiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Closer_(novel)=Closer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wimpy_Kid_Movie_Diary=The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_of_Ayn_Rand=Letters of Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bob_Dylan_Encyclopedia=The Bob Dylan Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dirty_Energy_Dilemma=The Dirty Energy Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Hands_Clapping=Little Hands Clapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_Down-Under=Dreaming Down-Under
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiagu_Danxin=Xiagu Danxin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkeye_Collins_and_Amy_Adams=Hawkeye Collins and Amy Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_and_the_Heat_Ray=Danny Dunn and the Heat Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spare_Change_(novel)=Spare Change (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danny_Dunn_on_a_Desert_Island=Danny Dunn on a Desert Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Darwin_Got_Wrong=What Darwin Got Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Android_Karenina=Android Karenina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Book_of_Fritz_Leiber=The Second Book of Fritz Leiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamakhya,_A_Socio-Cultural_Study=Kamakhya, A Socio-Cultural Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements_of_Java_Style=The Elements of Java Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Lairs=The Book of Lairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baree,_Son_of_Kazan=Baree, Son of Kazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poisoner's_Handbook=The Poisoner's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_Bridge_Conventions_You_Should_Know=25 Bridge Conventions You Should Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(Cashore_novel)=Fire (Cashore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_Paradise_(novel)=Stranger in Paradise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_to_be_Here=Happy to be Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_for_the_Basilisk=Song for the Basilisk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug_Jack_Barron=Bug Jack Barron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suckers_(book)=Suckers (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Ching=I Ching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_History_of_the_Mongol_Queens=The Secret History of the Mongol Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Asylum_for_Wayward_Victorian_Girls=The Asylum for Wayward Victorian Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_World_(novel)=Virtual World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_Malcolm_X=The Autobiography of Malcolm X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Storm_(Jeff_Shaara_novel)=The Final Storm (Jeff Shaara novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Light_in_the_Black=A Light in the Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_Julia=Becoming Julia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Fritz_Leiber=The Best of Fritz Leiber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Would_Listen=No One Would Listen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovering_to_Success=Rovering to Success
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planning_the_Play_of_a_Bridge_Hand=Planning the Play of a Bridge Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Say_Tomato,_I_Say_Shut_Up=You Say Tomato, I Say Shut Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Change_of_Climate=A Change of Climate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_the_Inside=Letters from the Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_2033_(novel)=Metro 2033 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Parole_(novel)=On Parole (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roar=The Roar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Blue_Death=A Beautiful Blue Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_of_the_Twilight=Tara of the Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon_and_Hams=Bacon and Hams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Blood=Southern Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gardens_of_Light=The Gardens of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daylight_Robbery_(novel)=Daylight Robbery (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_That_Cat=Hate That Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Mambo_Chicken_and_the_Transhuman_Condition:_Science_Slightly_over_the_Edge=Great Mambo Chicken and the Transhuman Condition: Science Slightly over the Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athletic_Shorts:_Six_Short_Stories=Athletic Shorts: Six Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pitcher_Shower=The Pitcher Shower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pigman_&_Me=The Pigman & Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perchance_to_Dream_(novel)=Perchance to Dream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Boys:_Why_Our_Sons_Turn_Violent_and_How_We_Can_Save_Them=Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mars_Project=The Mars Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_(Thought_He)_Looked_Like_Robert_Taylor=The Man Who (Thought He) Looked Like Robert Taylor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Who_Had_Two_Navels=The Woman Who Had Two Navels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggest_Elvis:_A_Novel=Biggest Elvis: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birthing_of_Hannibal_Valdez=The Birthing of Hannibal Valdez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Apology=No Apology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Otaku_Encyclopedia=The Otaku Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_of_the_Apocalypse=Women of the Apocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Foul_(book)=Personal Foul (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Literary_Reflections=Literary Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fag_Hag_(novel)=Fag Hag (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_(anthology)=Warriors (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Code=The Emperor's Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruelest_Month=The Cruelest Month
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepenthes_of_Sumatra_and_Peninsular_Malaysia=Nepenthes of Sumatra and Peninsular Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cool_War=The Cool War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_Plays_Football=Freddy Plays Football
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_and_Shadows=Cave and Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Running_Man_(novel)=The Running Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judging_Eye=The Judging Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Begotten=Earth Begotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_at_the_Front=Fox at the Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Have_a_Little_Faith_(Mitch_Albom_book)=Have a Little Faith (Mitch Albom book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_to_Write=The Right to Write
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agog!_Smashing_Stories=Agog! Smashing Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_Cola=Karma Cola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_who_Talked_to_Trees_(book)=The Boy who Talked to Trees (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Heroes_and_Five_Gallants=The Seven Heroes and Five Gallants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Tom_Brennan=The Story of Tom Brennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daikaiju!_Giant_Monster_Tales=Daikaiju! Giant Monster Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_(book)=Commonwealth (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_of_Winter=Fires of Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearts_Aflame=Hearts Aflame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Rounds_to_Glory=Twelve Rounds to Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishmael_and_the_Return_of_the_Dugongs=Ishmael and the Return of the Dugongs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarry_(novel)=Quarry (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufferings_in_Africa=Sufferings in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_(novel)=Solar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanna_Be_a_Bride=Wanna Be a Bride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Is_My_Home=The World Is My Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleepover_Club=The Sleepover Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_of_the_Dog_Star_Pack=Palos of the Dog Star Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freddy_and_the_Perilous_Adventure=Freddy and the Perilous Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_War_(novel)=State of War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Grayson,_Will_Grayson=Will Grayson, Will Grayson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bamboo_in_the_Wind=Bamboo in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monster_in_the_Box=The Monster in the Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_Among_Warriors=Journey Among Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice's_Adventures_in_Wonderland_retold_in_words_of_one_syllable=Alice's Adventures in Wonderland retold in words of one syllable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_Blessed=Twice Blessed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_of_the_Danes=The Summer of the Danes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viajero=Viajero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Delicate_Prey_and_Other_Stories=The Delicate Prey and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepenthes_of_Borneo=Nepenthes of Borneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_by_Wire=Fly by Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treatise_on_the_Gods=Treatise on the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mass_(novel)=Mass (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretenders_(novel)=The Pretenders (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_(novel)=Tree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballad_of_Abu_Ghraib=The Ballad of Abu Ghraib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosales_Saga=The Rosales Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_My_Walk=On My Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedtime_Tales=Bedtime Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fatal_Grace=A Fatal Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Africa_Bible_Commentary=Africa Bible Commentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Trees=Song of the Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon's_Lair_(novel)=The Dragon's Lair (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Walked_with_Heroes=I Walked with Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illustrations_of_the_Family_of_the_Psittacidae,_or_Parrots=Illustrations of the Family of the Psittacidae, or Parrots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mouthpiece_of_Zitu=The Mouthpiece of Zitu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason,_Son_of_Jason=Jason, Son of Jason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rage_Against_God=The Rage Against God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_Day_(Parker_novel)=Night and Day (Parker novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Claws_of_Brightness=In the Claws of Brightness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara_in_Blunderland=Clara in Blunderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_Blunderland=Lost in Blunderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Tales=Merry Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Image_(novel)=Split Image (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Periodic_Table_(Simon_Basher_book)=The Periodic Table (Simon Basher book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Fairy_Tales_(1844)=New Fairy Tales (1844)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Bolitho,_Midshipman=Richard Bolitho, Midshipman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Old_Republic:_Fatal_Alliance=Star Wars: The Old Republic: Fatal Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitcher_Plants_of_the_Old_World=Pitcher Plants of the Old World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eidolon_I=Eidolon I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewriting_the_Soul=Rewriting the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadrach_in_the_Furnace=Shadrach in the Furnace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Game=The Master of Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Tales_Told_for_Children_(1838)=Fairy Tales Told for Children (1838)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paper_Cities=Paper Cities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_the_Dying_Earth=Songs of the Dying Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Care_About_Your_Band=I Don't Care About Your Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venvaroha=Venvaroha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listening_for_Lions=Listening for Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Thief=The Holy Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictionary_of_Medieval_Latin_from_British_Sources=Dictionary of Medieval Latin from British Sources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_1104=Village 1104
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_Mile_(novel)=Moonlight Mile (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Miles_in_a_Thousand_Years=A Million Miles in a Thousand Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purity_and_Danger=Purity and Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Symbols=Natural Symbols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satanas_sa_Lupa=Satanas sa Lupa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepless_(novel)=Sleepless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_the_Witch_(novel)=Waking the Witch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risk_and_Blame=Risk and Blame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hush,_Hush=Hush, Hush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness,_Take_My_Hand=Darkness, Take My Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Racing_in_the_Rain=The Art of Racing in the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finding_Chandra=Finding Chandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheaper_by_the_Dozen=Cheaper by the Dozen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Passing_Season=A Passing Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Total_Freedom=The Road to Total Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast_of_the_Innocents=Feast of the Innocents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_of_Tammuz=Women of Tammuz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_for_Good_(novel)=Gone for Good (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Speech,_%22The_People's_Darling_Privilege%22=Free Speech, "The People's Darling Privilege"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_with_Rebbe_Mendel=Adventures with Rebbe Mendel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symposium_(novel)=Symposium (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Grizzlies=Night of the Grizzlies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Attenbury_Emeralds=The Attenbury Emeralds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Riders_and_Other_Lines=The Black Riders and Other Lines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Shadow=Walking Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Book_of_Science_Fiction_Stories=The Oxford Book of Science Fiction Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blockade_Billy=Blockade Billy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self_Help_(novel)=Self Help (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_of_the_Spirits=Walk of the Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiritual_Heritage_of_India_(book)=Spiritual Heritage of India (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Warning_(The_39_Clues)=Storm Warning (The 39 Clues)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treatment_of_Armenians_in_the_Ottoman_Empire=The Treatment of Armenians in the Ottoman Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Man_Jesus_and_the_Scoundrel_Christ=The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_London_Jilt=The London Jilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Short_Second_Life_of_Bree_Tanner=The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slave_(Isaac_Bashevis_Singer_novel)=The Slave (Isaac Bashevis Singer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taken_by_Force_(book)=Taken by Force (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Scattered_Life=A Scattered Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_River=Children of the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maza_of_the_Moon=Maza of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Copper_Elephant=The Copper Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mektig_og_avmektig=Mektig og avmektig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruise_of_the_Breadwinner=The Cruise of the Breadwinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhou_Enlai:_The_Last_Perfect_Revolutionary=Zhou Enlai: The Last Perfect Revolutionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kai_Lung_Raises_His_Voice=Kai Lung Raises His Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_of_Christopher_Creed=The Body of Christopher Creed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monstrumologist=The Monstrumologist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalogue_of_Works_in_Refutation_of_Methodism=Catalogue of Works in Refutation of Methodism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Settlers_in_Canada=The Settlers in Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glitz_(novel)=Glitz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Who_Will_Make_the_Chapatis%3F=And Who Will Make the Chapatis?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_(novel)=Sin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vibora!=Vibora!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inventing_the_AIDS_Virus=Inventing the AIDS Virus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben_Singkol=Ben Singkol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Urbain's_Horseman=St. Urbain's Horseman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_a_Smaller_Hero=Son of a Smaller Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Choice_of_Enemies=A Choice of Enemies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson's_Dilemma=Jackson's Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swing_in_the_Garden=The Swing in the Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essential_Teachings_(14th_Dalai_Lama)=Essential Teachings (14th Dalai Lama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hockey_Stick_Illusion=The Hockey Stick Illusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Courtney_Novels=The Courtney Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonviolent_Soldier_of_Islam=Nonviolent Soldier of Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_with_Fire_(book)=Playing with Fire (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dracula_the_Undead_(novel)=Dracula the Undead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rizal:_Philippine_Nationalist_and_Martyr=Rizal: Philippine Nationalist and Martyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_for_3=24 for 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_and_the_Meaning_of_Love=Midnight and the Meaning of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_the_Man=Gandhi the Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Honey_Hunt=The Big Honey Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principal_Upanishads=The Principal Upanishads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelfth_Card=The Twelfth Card
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Was_Told_There'd_Be_Cake=I Was Told There'd Be Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prisoner_in_the_Opal=The Prisoner in the Opal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Wouldn't_Be_Chessmen=They Wouldn't Be Chessmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_in_Lordship_Lane=The House in Lordship Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant:_Mortal_Coil=Skulduggery Pleasant: Mortal Coil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thousand_Autumns_of_Jacob_de_Zoet=The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nader_Report_on_the_Federal_Trade_Commission=The Nader Report on the Federal Trade Commission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Media_Reader=The New Media Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_and_Meanings=Rules and Meanings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Gauntlet=Into the Gauntlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Head_of_the_House_of_Coombe=The Head of the House of Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Captain's_Duty=A Captain's Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_River,_Big_Sea=Big River, Big Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_India_Way=The India Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundations_of_Geopolitics=Foundations of Geopolitics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuch_Gunjoan_Ki_Shaan_Mein=Kuch Gunjoan Ki Shaan Mein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaky_Green_Eyes=Freaky Green Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehistoric_Life_(book)=Prehistoric Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution:_The_Story_of_Life=Evolution: The Story of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Sea_Tales_(1911)=South Sea Tales (1911)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind's_Eye_(book)=The Mind's Eye (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant_Whisperer=The Elephant Whisperer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Khalid=The Book of Khalid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seventh_Scroll=The Seventh Scroll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture_of_the_Deep_(novel)=Rapture of the Deep (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extracts_from_Adam's_Diary=Extracts from Adam's Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_$30,000_Bequest_and_Other_Stories=The $30,000 Bequest and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Platonic_Sweetheart=My Platonic Sweetheart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concerning_the_Jews=Concerning the Jews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Short=The Big Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monday_or_Tuesday=Monday or Tuesday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peddling_Prosperity=Peddling Prosperity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Carne=A Carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beacon_(novel)=The Beacon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornamentalism=Ornamentalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Library_Lion=Library Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinkers_(novel)=Tinkers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Republic=The Dead Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dog_(short_story)=Red Dog (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Races_of_Europe_(Coon)=The Races of Europe (Coon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Hand=The Dead Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marker_(novel)=Marker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Case_of_Origami_Yoda=The Strange Case of Origami Yoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_Visit=The Wonderful Visit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao:_On_the_Road_and_on_the_Run_in_Outlaw_China=Tao: On the Road and on the Run in Outlaw China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lele_of_the_Kasai=The Lele of the Kasai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_War_II_Radio_Heroes:_Letters_of_Compassion=World War II Radio Heroes: Letters of Compassion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ash_(Malinda_Lo_novel)=Ash (Malinda Lo novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Mike_We_Trust=In Mike We Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spark_of_Life_(novel)=Spark of Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Abode=The Dark Abode
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_So_Quiet:_Stepdaughters_of_War=Not So Quiet: Stepdaughters of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Codes,_Rules_and_Regulations=New York Codes, Rules and Regulations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprout_(novel)=Sprout (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sexual_Paradox=The Sexual Paradox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Abounding_to_the_Chief_of_Sinners=Grace Abounding to the Chief of Sinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vellum_(novel)=Vellum (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Gone_Mild=Girls Gone Mild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Shoes_(novel)=Italian Shoes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Island_(novel)=Star Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monk_Dawson_(novel)=Monk Dawson (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Win=For the Win
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vast_Fields_of_Ordinary=The Vast Fields of Ordinary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spells_(novel)=Spells (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Ever_After=After Ever After
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essence_of_the_Upanishads=Essence of the Upanishads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assisi_Underground=The Assisi Underground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gagamba=Gagamba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull:_Hell_and_Fire=Hull: Hell and Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherds_(novel)=Sherds (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Brother=Noah's Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Boy_(novel)=Dragon Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganapati_(novel)=Ganapati (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prajapati_(novel)=Prajapati (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashling=Ashling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/February_Shadows=February Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_in_the_Sky=Eagle in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Improvisatore=The Improvisatore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Soldiers_and_Civilians=Tales of Soldiers and Civilians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pete_the_Cat=Pete the Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_at_Work:_The_Craft_of_Baseball=Men at Work: The Craft of Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McOndo_(book)=McOndo (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matterhorn:_A_Novel_of_the_Vietnam_War=Matterhorn: A Novel of the Vietnam War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Barber=The Blind Barber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Soldiers=The Good Soldiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasures_of_the_Snow=Treasures of the Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_or_Alive_(novel)=Dead or Alive (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_the_Snark=Hunting the Snark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Deodars=Under the Deodars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Cinderella:_The_Mystery_of_the_Song_Dynasty_Painting=Chinese Cinderella: The Mystery of the Song Dynasty Painting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Paddy_the_Beaver=The Adventures of Paddy the Beaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inverted_World=Inverted World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybele's_Secret=Cybele's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Darlings_(novel)=Little Darlings (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Beneath_the_Sea=Island Beneath the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zones_(novel)=Zones (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stuck_in_Fast_Forward=Stuck in Fast Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Haven=Dragon Haven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Electric_Light_(poetry)=Electric Light (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_House_Doctor=The White House Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Spear=The Desert Spear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_Points=Decision Points
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tongues_of_Serpents=Tongues of Serpents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22Uncle_Tom's_Cabin%22_Contrasted_with_Buckingham_Hall,_the_Planter's_Home="Uncle Tom's Cabin" Contrasted with Buckingham Hall, the Planter's Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama_Zombies=Obama Zombies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dance_on_My_Grave=Dance on My Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Decisions:_Taking_Charge_of_Your_College_Education=Major Decisions: Taking Charge of Your College Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryoburn=Cryoburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Cargo_(book)=Wild Cargo (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolutionary_Suicide=Revolutionary Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireworks_and_Darkness=Fireworks and Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_of_Lhasa=The Magician of Lhasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fang_and_Claw_(book)=Fang and Claw (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhagavad_Gita_(Sargeant)=Bhagavad Gita (Sargeant)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_Over_There=Outside Over There
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Tips_from_Rock_Stars=Sex Tips from Rock Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Queen_(novel)=The White Queen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necroscope_(novel)=Necroscope (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necroscope_II:_Wamphyri=Necroscope II: Wamphyri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necroscope_III:_The_Source=Necroscope III: The Source
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necroscope_V:_Deadspawn=Necroscope V: Deadspawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necroscope_IV:_Deadspeak=Necroscope IV: Deadspeak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Aerie=The Last Aerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_Thompson_in_the_Jungle=Tim Thompson in the Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Brothers_(Lumley_novel)=Blood Brothers (Lumley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemonade_Mouth=Lemonade Mouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Call_Me_Baba_Booey=They Call Me Baba Booey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Europe_Unconquerable=Making Europe Unconquerable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_of_Religion_and_Health=Handbook of Religion and Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Beautiful_the_Ordinary=How Beautiful the Ordinary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Fairy_Tales=Irish Fairy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Animals=Jungle Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_of_Valor=Echoes of Valor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_of_Valor_II=Echoes of Valor II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_of_Valor_III=Echoes of Valor III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalaap_mein_girah=Aalaap mein girah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Up_(book)=Straight Up (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychology_of_Religion_and_Coping_(book)=Psychology of Religion and Coping (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Stories_of_Amy_Hempel=The Collected Stories of Amy Hempel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamaterials:_Physics_and_Engineering_Explorations=Metamaterials: Physics and Engineering Explorations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_of_Life=Echoes of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Dreams=Carbon Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemurs_of_Madagascar_(book)=Lemurs of Madagascar (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_For_Goodbye=No Time For Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Executioner_(Kisyov_novel)=The Executioner (Kisyov novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_and_Virgil=Beatrice and Virgil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shetkaryaca_Asud=Shetkaryaca Asud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragedy_of_Today's_Gays=The Tragedy of Today's Gays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_You're_Lucky,_Twice_You're_Good=Once You're Lucky, Twice You're Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Close_to_Home=Too Close to Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_the_Worst=Fear the Worst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarecrows=The Scarecrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitcher-Plants_of_Borneo=Pitcher-Plants of Borneo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Win_Shares_(book)=Win Shares (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_and_Human_Nature:_Refutation_of_a_Legend=Marx and Human Nature: Refutation of a Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_(Malouf_novel)=Ransom (Malouf novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_and_Wikipedia=The World and Wikipedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnal_Prayer_Mat=The Carnal Prayer Mat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Expressive_Processing=Expressive Processing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Hallowed_Ground=On Hallowed Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alchemy_of_Stone=The Alchemy of Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Householder_(novel)=The Householder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morganville_Vampires=The Morganville Vampires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lolly-Madonna_War=The Lolly-Madonna War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damned_(Palahniuk_novel)=Damned (Palahniuk novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Upside_Down=History Upside Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lankar_of_Callisto=Lankar of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virtual_Disappearance_of_Miriam=The Virtual Disappearance of Miriam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_of_Callisto=Renegade of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thin_Air_(novel)=Thin Air (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ylana_of_Callisto=Ylana of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Travelers_Never_Die=Time Travelers Never Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Designing_Virtual_Worlds=Designing Virtual Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Conquerors_(novel)=More Than Conquerors (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rainbow_Cadenza=The Rainbow Cadenza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Instinct_(novel)=Killer Instinct (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Wizards_of_Callisto=Mind Wizards of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truman_(book)=Truman (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge:_The_Life_and_Rise_of_Barack_Obama=The Bridge: The Life and Rise of Barack Obama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Slaughter!=Cry Slaughter!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollard_(novel)=Pollard (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_for_the_Doctor=Search for the Doctor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herculine_Barbin:_Being_the_Recently_Discovered_Memoirs_of_a_Nineteenth-century_French_Hermaphrodite=Herculine Barbin: Being the Recently Discovered Memoirs of a Nineteenth-century French Hermaphrodite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_in_Space=Crisis in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creature_in_the_Teacher=Creature in the Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carrie_Diaries=The Carrie Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chess_Master=The Chess Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Multiple_Effects_of_Rainshadow=The Multiple Effects of Rainshadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Is_Often_Out_(poetry)=The Sun Is Often Out (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quiet_Belief_In_Angels=A Quiet Belief In Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Beaucaire_(novel)=Monsieur Beaucaire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Max_and_the_Cats=Max and the Cats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel:_A_Maximum_Ride_Novel=Angel: A Maximum Ride Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pack_of_Lies=A Pack of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_Empress_of_Callisto=Mad Empress of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_23=Apollo 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcast_(Paver_novel)=Outcast (Paver novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_for_Late_Night=The War for Late Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goggle-Eyes=Goggle-Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Pirates_of_Callisto=Sky Pirates of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doing_Business_in_21st_Century_India=Doing Business in 21st Century India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_9th_Judgment=The 9th Judgment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Matt_the_First=King Matt the First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oath_Breaker_(novel)=Oath Breaker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Legion_of_Callisto=Black Legion of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Hungry=Power Hungry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rootkit_Arsenal:_Escape_and_Evasion_in_the_Dark_Corners_of_the_System=The Rootkit Arsenal: Escape and Evasion in the Dark Corners of the System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_'Rickshaw_and_other_Eerie_Tales=The Phantom 'Rickshaw and other Eerie Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Poison_(book)=Love and Poison (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_September_Society=The September Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatwa_on_Terrorism=Fatwa on Terrorism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_(Durst_novel)=Ice (Durst novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francis_Itty_Cora=Francis Itty Cora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jandar_of_Callisto=Jandar of Callisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_You_Can_Save=The Life You Can Save
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_of_War:_Anvil_Gate=Gears of War: Anvil Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_in_the_Attic=The Castle in the Attic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Persuasion_Nation=In Persuasion Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CivilWarLand_in_Bad_Decline=CivilWarLand in Bad Decline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortals_of_Meluha=The Immortals of Meluha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Hart_(novel)=The White Hart (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Place=The High Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Multidimensional_Measurement_of_Religiousness/Spirituality_for_Use_in_Health_Research=Multidimensional Measurement of Religiousness/Spirituality for Use in Health Research
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Bookroom=The Little Bookroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tree_of_Seasons=The Tree of Seasons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unstoppable_Global_Warming:_Every_1,500_Years=Unstoppable Global Warming: Every 1,500 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_In_War=The Doctor In War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finch_(novel)=Finch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fasting,_Feasting=Fasting, Feasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Disagree_About_Climate_Change=Why We Disagree About Climate Change
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Smartest_Guys_in_the_Room_(book)=The Smartest Guys in the Room (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Kingdoms:_The_Vast_Spread_of_the_Seas=The Twelve Kingdoms: The Vast Spread of the Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogue_(novel)=The Rogue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_on_Various_Subjects,_Religious_and_Moral=Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Wrapped_in_Karma_Dipped_in_Chocolate=Zen Wrapped in Karma Dipped in Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Story_(The_Dresden_Files)=Ghost Story (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaarth=Eaarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Nature=The End of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Willie_Winkie_and_Other_Child_Stories=Wee Willie Winkie and Other Child Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extraordinary_Canadians:_Marshall_McLuhan=Extraordinary Canadians: Marshall McLuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Primeval=City Primeval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merman's_Children=The Merman's Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_the_Free_Market=The End of the Free Market
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beer_in_the_Snooker_Club=Beer in the Snooker Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_This_Is_How_It_Ends=So This Is How It Ends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_of_Silence=Lies of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Persistent_Gappers_of_Frip=The Very Persistent Gappers of Frip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Braindead_Megaphone=The Braindead Megaphone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Rich=The Big Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Look_Behind_You=Don't Look Behind You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_the_Heir=Ralph the Heir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_Tugs_books=List of Tugs books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_by_Heart=America by Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jewish_100=The Jewish 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon's_Familiar=The Dragon's Familiar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Innocence=Stolen Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alternate_Tyrants=Alternate Tyrants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jury_Nullification_(book)=Jury Nullification (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_Banking_in_all_the_Leading_Nations=A History of Banking in all the Leading Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleon_Bonaparte:_An_Intimate_Biography=Napoleon Bonaparte: An Intimate Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_of_the_Hive=The God of the Hive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_of_the_Humans=Night of the Humans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_of_Hiram_C._Hopgood=The Haunting of Hiram C. Hopgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_History:_A_Survey=American History: A Survey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomad:_From_Islam_to_America=Nomad: From Islam to America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fellowship_of_the_Ring=The Fellowship of the Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trent's_Own_Case=Trent's Own Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lines_and_Shadows=Lines and Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impressions_of_Theophrastus_Such=Impressions of Theophrastus Such
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantram_Handbook=Mantram Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Love_and_Evil=Of Love and Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuneus_Prophetarum=Cuneus Prophetarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Ghost,_English_Accent=Irish Ghost, English Accent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desmond_(novel)=Desmond (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Google=Planet Google
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdoms_of_Elfin=Kingdoms of Elfin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lolly_Willowes=Lolly Willowes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Blondes=Two Blondes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalking_(Joyce_Carol_Oates)=Stalking (Joyce Carol Oates)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valencia_(novel)=Valencia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strangest_Man=The Strangest Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Read_Literature_Like_a_Professor=How to Read Literature Like a Professor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badass_(book)=Badass (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Sacrifice=Last Sacrifice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Images=Split Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Battlefield=It's a Battlefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Israel_Lost_the_War=If Israel Lost the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_and_Beezus=Henry and Beezus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_East=Gorgeous East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Fallen_Angels=City of Fallen Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunted_(novel)=The Hunted (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_People's_Tragedy=A People's Tragedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Death_of_a_Spanish_Town=Life and Death of a Spanish Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self-Efficacy_(book)=Self-Efficacy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quants=The Quants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Predators'_Ball=The Predators' Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asshole:_How_I_Got_Rich_and_Happy_by_Not_Giving_a_Shit_About_You=Asshole: How I Got Rich and Happy by Not Giving a Shit About You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Happiness_Hypothesis=The Happiness Hypothesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartwheels_in_a_Sari=Cartwheels in a Sari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Billionaires=The Accidental Billionaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TCP/IP_Illustrated=TCP/IP Illustrated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Blaize=David Blaize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midget_(novel)=Midget (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers_Afield=The Borrowers Afield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Electricity_Handbook=Solar Electricity Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuando_quiero_llorar_no_lloro=Cuando quiero llorar no lloro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forget-Me-Not_(annual)=Forget-Me-Not (annual)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Men_Win_Glory=Where Men Win Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_from_the_Water_Trade=Pictures from the Water Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clock_Without_a_Face=The Clock Without a Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_(novel)=Maya (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguin_Dictionary_of_Curious_and_Interesting_Numbers=The Penguin Dictionary of Curious and Interesting Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_Brown=Emma Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wilderness_of_Vines=A Wilderness of Vines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_Dark_Places=Lord of Dark Places
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Labyrinth_(novel)=In the Labyrinth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Thomas_N.=The Case of Thomas N.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feast_of_Fools=The Feast of Fools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anatomy_Lesson_(Morley_novel)=The Anatomy Lesson (Morley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny,_or_The_Attraction_of_Affinities=Destiny, or The Attraction of Affinities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_End_of_the_Whale=Journey to the End of the Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_(Morley_novel)=Passage (Morley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Opposites=The Book of Opposites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelsea_Chelsea_Bang_Bang=Chelsea Chelsea Bang Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_of_the_Mountains=East of the Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boneshaker_(novel)=Boneshaker (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Barn_Burner=The Barn Burner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematical_Methods_in_the_Physical_Sciences=Mathematical Methods in the Physical Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Not_a_Serial_Killer=I Am Not a Serial Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monster=Mr. Monster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronze_Horseman_(novel)=The Bronze Horseman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Bullshit_Night_in_Suck_City=Another Bullshit Night in Suck City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock_Holmes:_Death_Cloud=Young Sherlock Holmes: Death Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Home:_A_Short_History_of_Private_Life=At Home: A Short History of Private Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_L-Shaped_Room_(novel)=The L-Shaped Room (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Bigger_Than_Hip_Hop=It's Bigger Than Hip Hop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starseeker=Starseeker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dayworld_Rebel=Dayworld Rebel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B_Is_for_Beer=B Is for Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Band_of_Sisters:_American_Women_at_War_in_Iraq=Band of Sisters: American Women at War in Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_Like_Us_(book)=People Like Us (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperors_of_Chocolate=The Emperors of Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Oath_(Farnsworth_novel)=Blood Oath (Farnsworth novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saint,_the_Surfer,_and_the_CEO=The Saint, the Surfer, and the CEO
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workers_(Gong_Ren)=Workers (Gong Ren)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusher_of_Lies=Gusher of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodchild_(novel)=Bloodchild (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Class_IT=World Class IT
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chords_of_Strength=Chords of Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worth_Dying_For_(novel)=Worth Dying For (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glass_Eye_at_a_Keyhole=A Glass Eye at a Keyhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Dream_Home=Your Dream Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_So_Amazing=It's So Amazing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Sword=Gideon's Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Until_the_Evening=Wait Until the Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heavenly_Breakfast=Heavenly Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Confessions=The New Confessions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Calories,_Bad_Calories=Good Calories, Bad Calories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weird_City=Weird City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_(novel)=Crazy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Sankeerthanam_Pole=Oru Sankeerthanam Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Genius_Theory=Advanced Genius Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunduki=Bunduki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fields_(novel)=The Fields (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Nonsense=Common Nonsense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Potter_(novel)=Mr. Potter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_the_English_People=A Short History of the English People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_(Young_novel)=Requiem (Young novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fierce_Conversations=Fierce Conversations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pilgrim_of_Hate=The Pilgrim of Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepenthes_of_Mount_Kinabalu=Nepenthes of Mount Kinabalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medium_Raw_(book)=Medium Raw (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Reservations:_Around_the_World_on_an_Empty_Stomach=No Reservations: Around the World on an Empty Stomach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Random_Harvest=Random Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Overton_Window=The Overton Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hoosier_Schoolmaster_(novel)=The Hoosier Schoolmaster (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf-Sisters=The Wolf-Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passage_(novel)=The Passage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lot_of_Hard_Yakka=A Lot of Hard Yakka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putt's_Law_and_the_Successful_Technocrat=Putt's Law and the Successful Technocrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gilt_Kid=The Gilt Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Carr's_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year=Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leave_the_Light_On_(Memoir)=Leave the Light On (Memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliwa!=Aliwa!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_Ties=Zen Ties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twin_(novel)=The Twin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Food_Rules!=Food Rules!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_All_You've_Ever_Wanted_Isn't_Enough=When All You've Ever Wanted Isn't Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battles_of_the_Clans=Battles of the Clans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statecraft:_Strategies_for_a_Changing_World=Statecraft: Strategies for a Changing World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dream_of_Kings_(novel)=A Dream of Kings (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maelstrom_(Destroyermen_novel)=Maelstrom (Destroyermen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intellectuals_and_Society=Intellectuals and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Implicit_Meanings=Implicit Meanings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bible_translations_into_Hawaii_Pidgin=Bible translations into Hawaii Pidgin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winds_of_Winter=The Winds of Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Hero=The Lost Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incarceron=Incarceron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Theory_(novel)=Final Theory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredegunde,_Neustria_kuninganna=Fredegunde, Neustria kuninganna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiired_tuules=Hiired tuules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imede_saar=Imede saar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karge_meri=Karge meri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolme_katku_vahel=Kolme katku vahel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohe_hambad=Lohe hambad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muinasmaa=Muinasmaa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohvrilaev=Ohvrilaev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pommeri_aed=Pommeri aed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purpurne_surm=Purpurne surm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakvere_romaan=Rakvere romaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohtaed=Rohtaed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Same_River=The Same River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellest_mustast_mungast=Sellest mustast mungast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surma_ratsanikud=Surma ratsanikud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuli_ja_raud=Tuli ja raud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viimne_linn=Viimne linn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patron_de_New-York=Patron de New-York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cola_Cola_jazz=Cola Cola jazz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_droomkoningin=De droomkoningin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_aansprekers=De aansprekers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ik_had_een_wapenbroeder=Ik had een wapenbroeder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_jacobsladder=De jacobsladder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_kroongetuige=De kroongetuige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lotte_Weeda=Lotte Weeda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_nakomer=De nakomer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onder_de_korenmaat=Onder de korenmaat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_ortolaan=De ortolaan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_psalmenoproer=Het psalmenoproer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_steile_helling=De steile helling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_uur_tussen_hond_en_wolf=Het uur tussen hond en wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipe_Dreams:_Greed,_Ego,_and_the_Death_of_Enron=Pipe Dreams: Greed, Ego, and the Death of Enron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_and_Television:_Lessons_from_Sesame_Street=Children and Television: Lessons from Sesame Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaosbound=Chaosbound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aranyak=Aranyak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Breath=The Devil's Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Send_a_Gunboat=Send a Gunboat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_and_the_City_(novel)=Night and the City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Drive_by_Night_(novel)=They Drive by Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Entrepreneur=The Ultimate Entrepreneur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silmarillion=The Silmarillion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Diary_of_Laura_Palmer=The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here's_the_Deal:_Don't_Touch_Me=Here's the Deal: Don't Touch Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Obamaland=Welcome to Obamaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1972_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1972 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayer_of_Worlds=Betrayer of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1973_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1973 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pronto_(novel)=Pronto (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannan_Magal=Mannan Magal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1974_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1974 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Colony=Blood Colony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_the_Liturgy=The Spirit of the Liturgy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1975_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1975 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Get_There._It_Better_Be_Worth_the_Trip=I'll Get There. It Better Be Worth the Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1976_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1976 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1977_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1977 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Bill_Clinton=The Secret Life of Bill Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sadeian_Woman_and_the_Ideology_of_Pornography=The Sadeian Woman and the Ideology of Pornography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadal_Pura=Kadal Pura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Addams_Family:_An_Evilution=The Addams Family: An Evilution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/According_to_Mark=According to Mark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Bull's_Adventures_in_the_Fiscal_Wonderland=John Bull's Adventures in the Fiscal Wonderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_Finance=Lords of Finance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pursuit_of_Glory=The Pursuit of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_America=After America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witz_(novel)=Witz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truth_(novel)=Truth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fort_(novel)=The Fort (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prize_of_Peril=The Prize of Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Social_State_to_Minimal_State=From Social State to Minimal State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Light_(Rebecca_Stead_novel)=First Light (Rebecca Stead novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snuff_(Pratchett_novel)=Snuff (Pratchett novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confession_of_Brother_Haluin=The Confession of Brother Haluin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men,_Martians_and_Machines=Men, Martians and Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mongoliad=The Mongoliad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_(The_Book)=Earth (The Book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_Left_Behind=Notes Left Behind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borderlands_(novel)=Borderlands (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_My_Friends_Are_Dead=All My Friends Are Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Fear=The House of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cane_River_(novel)=Cane River (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Pyramid_(novel)=The Red Pyramid (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Seventh_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Seventh Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_in_Death=Portrait in Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1990_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1990 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touch_and_Go_(book)=Touch and Go (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merchants_of_Doubt=Merchants of Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Best_Friend_Bob=My Best Friend Bob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnie_Brasco:_My_Undercover_Life_in_the_Mafia=Donnie Brasco: My Undercover Life in the Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Matters!=Everything Matters!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Anna_(novel)=Lady Anna (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubt_Is_Their_Product=Doubt Is Their Product
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Panic_Zone=The Panic Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feather_Men=The Feather Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Trip=The Second Trip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Clan_in_Need=A Clan in Need
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Still_I_Rise=And Still I Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Company=Killer Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ways_of_White_Folks=The Ways of White Folks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Man:_Life_at_the_Heart_of_New_Labour=The Third Man: Life at the Heart of New Labour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Ship=The Mad Ship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1978_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1978 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(Wilbur_Smith_novel)=Warlock (Wilbur Smith novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_(novel)=The Quest (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1979_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1979 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1980_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1980 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotic_Zoology=Exotic Zoology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopaedia_of_Forms_and_Precedents=Encyclopaedia of Forms and Precedents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerlily's_Orchids=Tigerlily's Orchids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Our_Religion=Losing Our Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libertarianism_Today=Libertarianism Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilcrow_(novel)=Pilcrow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gypsy_Good_Time=A Gypsy Good Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bullet_(novel)=Bullet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspects_of_the_Novel=Aspects of the Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Natural=Nothing Natural
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Naama_War=The Naama War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dossouye=Dossouye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Weeks_with_My_Brother=Three Weeks with My Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hitler=Young Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Window=Under the Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Unfinished=Undead and Unfinished
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ballantyne_Novels=The Ballantyne Novels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_I_Am_a_Separatist=Why I Am a Separatist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Escola=A Escola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasant_ke_Hatyare=Vasant ke Hatyare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Sunshine=Stolen Sunshine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry_the_Dirty_Dog=Harry the Dirty Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldchanging_(book)=Worldchanging (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Rules_(novel)=House Rules (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_&_Roll_Jihad:_A_Muslim_Rock_Star's_Revolution=Rock & Roll Jihad: A Muslim Rock Star's Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_a_Warrior=The Heart of a Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyClan's_Destiny=SkyClan's Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrible_Privacy_of_Maxwell_Sim=The Terrible Privacy of Maxwell Sim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_It_Wrong_from_the_Beginning=Getting It Wrong from the Beginning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skin_I'm_In=The Skin I'm In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confession_of_Sultana_Daku=The Confession of Sultana Daku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sticky_Beak=Sticky Beak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Heaven_(book)=Under Heaven (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_of_Conscience=Crisis of Conscience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kate_Plus_Ten=Kate Plus Ten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Over_England_(novel)=Fire Over England (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruby_Dice=The Ruby Dice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeper_(Appelt_novel)=Keeper (Appelt novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Without_Number=Times Without Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Lies=Empire of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caboose_Who_Got_Loose=The Caboose Who Got Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Story_(Dannii_Minogue_book)=My Story (Dannii Minogue book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moribito_II:_Guardian_of_Darkness=Moribito II: Guardian of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_65_Lakh_Heist=The 65 Lakh Heist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_and_Consent=Terror and Consent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republic_of_Thieves=The Republic of Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobody_Knows_My_Name=Nobody Knows My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_The_Ugly_Truth=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Ugly Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historias_de_un_arrabal_parisino=Historias de un arrabal parisino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venezuela_Heroica=Venezuela Heroica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rain_Goddess=The Rain Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooftops_of_Tehran_(novel)=Rooftops of Tehran (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Asian=The Accidental Asian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_the_Internet=The Future of the Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interview_with_History=Interview with History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caperucita_Roja_(tal_como_se_lo_contaron_a_Jorge)=Caperucita Roja (tal como se lo contaron a Jorge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natacha_(novel)=Natacha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_in_Exile=Born in Exile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Killing_Frost=A Killing Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_the_Dragon:_Kira=Shadow of the Dragon: Kira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mummy!=The Mummy!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elixir_(Duff_novel)=Elixir (Duff novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storms_of_My_Grandchildren=Storms of My Grandchildren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Story=Back Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavalu=Kavalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsaken_House_(novel)=Forsaken House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Things_That_Don't_Make_Sense=13 Things That Don't Make Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Slim_and_Howdy=The Adventures of Slim and Howdy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greetings_from_E_Street=Greetings from E Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monarch_of_the_Glen_(novel)=The Monarch of the Glen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_of_Giants=Fall of Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_German_Is_It=How German Is It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killer_(Wilson_novel)=The Killer (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Blood=The Magic of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GraceLand=GraceLand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna:_An_Intimate_Biography=Madonna: An Intimate Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_in_Plain_Sight=Hidden in Plain Sight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mawali_(novel)=Mawali (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Shit_Life_So_Far=My Shit Life So Far
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farthest_Reach=Farthest Reach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castes_and_Tribes_of_Southern_India=Castes and Tribes of Southern India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoilt_Rotten=Spoilt Rotten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learning_the_vi_and_Vim_Editors=Learning the vi and Vim Editors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boots_on_the_Ground_by_Dusk=Boots on the Ground by Dusk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Age_of_Science=Age of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racing_the_Beam:_The_Atari_Video_Computer_System=Racing the Beam: The Atari Video Computer System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_of_Shadows=Crown of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_the_Good_Spy_Young=Only the Good Spy Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liber_beneficiorum=Liber beneficiorum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragonslayer's_Apprentice=The Dragonslayer's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hearts_Crying=Young Hearts Crying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Gulden_Cabinet=Het Gulden Cabinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invading_the_Sacred=Invading the Sacred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Fire_Forged=In Fire Forged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Relationship_Between_Blacks_and_Jews=The Secret Relationship Between Blacks and Jews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiiieeeee!_An_Anthology_of_Asian-American_Writers=Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_and_Brown_Books=Blue and Brown Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_of_the_Night=The Dead of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handbook_of_Electrochemistry=Handbook of Electrochemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Change_We_Choose=The Change We Choose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plan_for_Chaos=Plan for Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whisperer_(novel)=The Whisperer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Sardine=The Day of the Sardine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity_Road_(novel)=Eternity Road (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atheist_Manifesto:_The_Case_Against_Christianity,_Judaism,_and_Islam=Atheist Manifesto: The Case Against Christianity, Judaism, and Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Intangibles_of_Leadership=The Intangibles of Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piano_Lessons_(book)=Piano Lessons (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espumas_Flutuantes=Espumas Flutuantes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chinaman_Pacific_and_Frisco_R.R._Co.=The Chinaman Pacific and Frisco R.R. Co.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_War:_The_Secret_History_of_the_CIA_and_the_Bush_Administration=State of War: The Secret History of the CIA and the Bush Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Victoria:_Demon_Hunter=Queen Victoria: Demon Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Journey=A Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hordubal=Hordubal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_in_Splendour:_a_Story_of_the_Wars_of_Lancaster_and_York=The Rose in Splendour: a Story of the Wars of Lancaster and York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider:_The_Private_Diaries_of_a_Scandalous_Decade=The Insider: The Private Diaries of a Scandalous Decade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Greatest_Unsolved_Crimes=The World's Greatest Unsolved Crimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_in_Blunderland:_An_Iridescent_Dream=Alice in Blunderland: An Iridescent Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Westminster_Alice=The Westminster Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Adventures_of_Alice=New Adventures of Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_at_Dawn=Sex at Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_Anthology_(book)=The Beatles Anthology (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Planet_Noir=Red Planet Noir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_(book)=The Power (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elements_of_International_Law=Elements of International Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Stay=If I Stay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Bumtickler's_Revels=Lady Bumtickler's Revels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Feud_(novel)=Blood Feud (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phule's_Company=Phule's Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Charming_Man_(novel)=This Charming Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Face=Lost Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Natalee=Loving Natalee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warlock_(Oakley_Hall_novel)=Warlock (Oakley Hall novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Spring=Stone Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_My_Words=The Color of My Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_Give_Me_a_Cool_Drink_of_Water_'fore_I_Diiie=Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water 'fore I Diiie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor_to_the_Living=Traitor to the Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipping_Cider_Through_a_Straw=Sipping Cider Through a Straw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Lives:_Why_Video_Games_Matter=Extra Lives: Why Video Games Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Loud_Silence=The Long Loud Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Octopus_Followed_Me_Home=An Octopus Followed Me Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aruba:_The_Tragic_Untold_Story_of_Natalee_Holloway_and_Corruption_in_Paradise=Aruba: The Tragic Untold Story of Natalee Holloway and Corruption in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Month_of_the_Falling_Leaves=The Month of the Falling Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unearthing=Unearthing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mormonism:_A_Historical_Encyclopedia=Mormonism: A Historical Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_as_Things_Are=Broken as Things Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_quien_corresponda=A quien corresponda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_derecho_de_matar=El derecho de matar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Chain_(poetry)=Human Chain (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Varieties_of_Scientific_Experience=The Varieties of Scientific Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aesthetic_Journalism=Aesthetic Journalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twisted_Sisterhood=The Twisted Sisterhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Warships_in_the_Age_of_Sail=British Warships in the Age of Sail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aesthetic_Theory=Aesthetic Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_a-Year=Ten Thousand a-Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(Destroyermen_novel)=Crusade (Destroyermen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bedwetter=The Bedwetter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phule's_Paradise=Phule's Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debatable_Space=Debatable Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriot_Act_(novel)=Patriot Act (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Navigation=Deep Navigation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Me,_Mine=I, Me, Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_zaak_Natalee_Holloway=De zaak Natalee Holloway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharafnama=Sharafnama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomb_Culture=Bomb Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Prism=The Black Prism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economical_Environmentalist=The Economical Environmentalist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Coaches_Waiting=Nine Coaches Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anti-Justine=Anti-Justine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/YU_100:_najbolji_albumi_jugoslovenske_rok_i_pop_muzike=YU 100: najbolji albumi jugoslovenske rok i pop muzike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Play_(book)=Parallel Play (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amis_and_Amiloun=Amis and Amiloun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_of_the_Falcon=Wings of the Falcon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1843=Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_Glass=Enchanted Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_of_a_Number=Think of a Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delivering_Happiness=Delivering Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Strange_Discovery=A Strange Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vesper_(novel)=Vesper (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_the_Desert_of_the_Real=Welcome to the Desert of the Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fuller_Memorandum=The Fuller Memorandum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cognitive_Surplus=Cognitive Surplus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Chifrudo=O Chifrudo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irreducible_Mind=Irreducible Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planescape_Campaign_Setting=Planescape Campaign Setting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Critical_Mass_(book)=Critical Mass (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tim_and_Pete=Tim and Pete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miseducation_of_Ross_O'Carroll-Kelly=The Miseducation of Ross O'Carroll-Kelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orange_Mocha-Chip_Frappuccino_Years=The Orange Mocha-Chip Frappuccino Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/PS,_I_Scored_the_Bridesmaids=PS, I Scored the Bridesmaids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curious_Incident_of_the_Dog_in_the_Nightdress=The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Should_Have_Got_Off_at_Sydney_Parade=Should Have Got Off at Sydney Parade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Champagne_Mojito_Is_the_Last_Thing_I_Own=This Champagne Mojito Is the Last Thing I Own
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_S_and_the_Secrets_of_Andorra's_Box=Mr S and the Secrets of Andorra's Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhino_What_You_Did_Last_Summer=Rhino What You Did Last Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oh_My_God_Delusion=The Oh My God Delusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_House_(novel)=Great House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_O'Carroll-Kelly's_Guide_to_(South)_Dublin=Ross O'Carroll-Kelly's Guide to (South) Dublin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Need_to_Talk_About_Ross=We Need to Talk About Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Company=The Devil's Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_East_to_Look_West=Looking East to Look West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Querelles_de_famille=Querelles de famille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paper_Men=The Paper Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Lives_of_Fortunate_Wives=The Secret Lives of Fortunate Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartstone_(novel)=Heartstone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amelia_Bedelia_(book)=Amelia Bedelia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Life_(book)=Low Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_Design_(book)=The Grand Design (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Nobility=The New Nobility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poil_de_carotte=Poil de carotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pichilemu_Blues=Pichilemu Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Dinheiro=O Dinheiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parapsychology:_Frontier_Science_of_the_Mind=Parapsychology: Frontier Science of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Wonder=In Search of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purge_(novel)=Purge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Inferno:_1945=Red Inferno: 1945
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atheist's_Guide_to_Christmas=The Atheist's Guide to Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bravo=The Bravo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1843=Three Upbuilding Discourses, 1843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golf_in_the_Kingdom=Golf in the Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Above_All=This Above All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Casa_(play)=A Casa (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_at_the_Bottom=Life at the Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1822_(book)=1822 (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Flame:_The_Revolutionary_Class_Politics_of_Anarchism_and_Syndicalism_(Counter-Power_vol._1)=Black Flame: The Revolutionary Class Politics of Anarchism and Syndicalism (Counter-Power vol. 1)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planes_of_Chaos=Planes of Chaos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_of_Kahel=The King of Kahel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckoning_(1986_book)=The Reckoning (1986 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moral_Basis_of_a_Backward_Society=The Moral Basis of a Backward Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwind_(novel)=Westwind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_Copeland_on_Edge=Adam Copeland on Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biswasghatak=Biswasghatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Room_(novel)=Room (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_from_the_Planet_Earth=Tales from the Planet Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driven_to_Distraction_(2009)=Driven to Distraction (2009)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Carroll:_A_Biography=Lewis Carroll: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daydreamer_(novel)=The Daydreamer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Embarrassment_of_Riches=The Embarrassment of Riches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Daughter_(novel)=The Daughter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extrasensory_Perception_(book)=Extrasensory Perception (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Arden=The House of Arden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Plant=The Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy's_Cosmetique=The Enemy's Cosmetique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Dormition_des_amants=La Dormition des amants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chainbearer=The Chainbearer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Comadres=As Comadres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squirrel_Wife=The Squirrel Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_to_Envy=Nothing to Envy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firmin:_Adventures_of_a_Metropolitan_Lowlife=Firmin: Adventures of a Metropolitan Lowlife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Dark_(Weber_novel)=Out of the Dark (Weber novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey_Bible=The Monkey Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embassytown=Embassytown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_Asleep=A Man Asleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Speech_and_Phenomena=Speech and Phenomena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points...:_Interviews,_1974-1994=Points...: Interviews, 1974-1994
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_to_Philosophy=Right to Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveller's_Baggage=The Traveller's Baggage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elephant's_Journey=The Elephant's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sailor's_Return_(novel)=The Sailor's Return (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Thee_I_Sing_(book)=Of Thee I Sing (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_Carter's_Law=Jack Carter's Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Do_Not_...=Some Do Not ...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Volume=The Dark Volume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loving_Sabotage=Loving Sabotage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Post_(novel)=Last Post (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_More_Parades_(novel)=No More Parades (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Great=Conan the Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Boone:_Kid_Lawyer=Theodore Boone: Kid Lawyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Very_Bad_Book=The Very Bad Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Hangman_Lost_His_Heart=How the Hangman Lost His Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomben_auf_Monte_Carlo_(novel)=Bomben auf Monte Carlo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1981_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1981 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1982_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1982 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_an_Invisible_Man=Memoirs of an Invisible Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Color_of_Crime_(1998_book)=The Color of Crime (1998 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1983_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1983 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Mackintosh_and_the_Spirit_of_London=Johnny Mackintosh and the Spirit of London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadlock_(novel)=Deadlock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Tommy=The Reluctant Tommy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fry_Chronicles=The Fry Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Dark_Heart=Operation Dark Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libertarianism_Without_Inequality=Libertarianism Without Inequality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Healing_of_America=The Healing of America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cobra_(novel)=The Cobra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_I_Shot_Cupid=The Day I Shot Cupid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zendegi=Zendegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China's_Best_Actor:_Wen_Jiabao=China's Best Actor: Wen Jiabao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Curious_a_Land=How Curious a Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crucible_of_Time=The Crucible of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opera:_The_Undoing_of_Women=Opera: The Undoing of Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heidenmauer=The Heidenmauer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Trek_Concordance=Star Trek Concordance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulless_(novel)=Soulless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changeless_(novel)=Changeless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monastery_Among_the_Temple_Trees=Monastery Among the Temple Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Robert_E._Howard_Reader=The Robert E. Howard Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama's_Wars=Obama's Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Having_Our_Say:_The_Delany_Sisters'_First_100_Years=Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blameless_(novel)=Blameless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartless_(Carriger_novel)=Heartless (Carriger novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1984_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1984 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roaring_Trumpet=The Roaring Trumpet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_the_Valley=Through the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Ships_Before_Troy=Black Ships Before Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vespers_Rising=Vespers Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Take=My Take
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierre_et_Luce=Pierre et Luce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redemption_Song:_The_Ballad_of_Joe_Strummer=Redemption Song: The Ballad of Joe Strummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rollo_in_Emblemland=Rollo in Emblemland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outcast_(Sutcliff_novel)=Outcast (Sutcliff novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pro_Football:_Its_Ups_and_Downs=Pro Football: Its Ups and Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Years_a_Hunter_and_Trapper=Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empty_Family=The Empty Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toff_on_the_Farm=The Toff on the Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_London's_San_Francisco_Stories=Jack London's San Francisco Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cambridge_Quintet=The Cambridge Quintet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Beauty_(novel)=The Sleeping Beauty (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_and_the_Kings=Captains and the Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayou_St._John_(novel)=Bayou St. John (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spoken_from_the_Heart=Spoken from the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_John_Maynard_Keynes=The Life of John Maynard Keynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_To_Keynes=A Guide To Keynes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economics_of_John_Maynard_Keynes:_The_Theory_of_Monetary_Economy=The Economics of John Maynard Keynes: The Theory of Monetary Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surface_Detail=Surface Detail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1985_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1985 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1986_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1986 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1987_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1987 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mathematics_of_Magic=The Mathematics of Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Learned_Pigs_&_Fireproof_Women=Learned Pigs & Fireproof Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Island_(novel)=Angel Island (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Keynes_Went_Wrong=Where Keynes Went Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1988_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1988 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keynes_Solution=The Keynes Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_1989_Annual_World's_Best_SF=The 1989 Annual World's Best SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greybeard=Greybeard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fable:_The_Balverine_Order=Fable: The Balverine Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scorch_Trials=The Scorch Trials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Best_Science_Fiction:_1965=World's Best Science Fiction: 1965
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_and_Mary_Men's_Soccer_(Images_of_Sports)=William and Mary Men's Soccer (Images of Sports)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halloween_ABC=Halloween ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Rules_America%3F=Who Rules America?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Nightfall=By Nightfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_You_See_Is_What_You_Get_(book)=What You See Is What You Get (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Best_Science_Fiction:_1971=World's Best Science Fiction: 1971
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corrections=The Corrections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippa_Fisher_and_the_Dream-Maker's_Daughter=Philippa Fisher and the Dream-Maker's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvavijnanakosam=Sarvavijnanakosam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mink_Trapping=Mink Trapping
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enough_Moment=The Enough Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_an_Epidemic=Anatomy of an Epidemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Zero_Three=Hull Zero Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosophic_Thought_of_Ayn_Rand=The Philosophic Thought of Ayn Rand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_and_Nature=Liberty and Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radical_(book)=Radical (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Heroes,_Hero-Worship,_and_The_Heroic_in_History=On Heroes, Hero-Worship, and The Heroic in History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Book_of_General_Ignorance=The Second Book of General Ignorance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framed_(Korman_novel)=Framed (Korman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegan_Virgin_Valentine=Vegan Virgin Valentine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schooled_(novel)=Schooled (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Slander,_and_Salvation=Sex, Slander, and Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lacuna=The Lacuna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dork_Diaries=Dork Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Isn't_What_It_Looks_Like=This Isn't What It Looks Like
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemia_(book)=Pandemia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargo_of_Eagles=Cargo of Eagles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moral_Landscape=The Moral Landscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reel_Power:_Hollywood_Cinema_and_American_Supremacy=Reel Power: Hollywood Cinema and American Supremacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Helmet_of_Navarre=The Helmet of Navarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Hard_Time=The Worst Hard Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ink_(novel)=Ink (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Inondation=L'Inondation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norms_of_Liberty=Norms of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diddakoi=The Diddakoi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauntlgrym=Gauntlgrym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Kind_of_Traitor=Our Kind of Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodyguard_of_Lies=Bodyguard of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Engines=The God Engines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breaks_of_the_Game=The Breaks of the Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finkler_Question=The Finkler Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Defense_of_Reason=In Defense of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_Tales_of_Long_Ago=Croatian Tales of Long Ago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booky_Wook_2=Booky Wook 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squirrel_Seeks_Chipmunk=Squirrel Seeks Chipmunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_delantero_centro_fue_asesinado_al_atardecer=El delantero centro fue asesinado al atardecer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnamurti_to_Himself=Krishnamurti to Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Son_of_Neptune=The Son of Neptune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhammapada_(Easwaran_translation)=Dhammapada (Easwaran translation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Best_Science_Fiction:_1966=World's Best Science Fiction: 1966
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Best_Science_Fiction:_1967=World's Best Science Fiction: 1967
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Terrorist=The Third Terrorist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conjure_Wife=Conjure Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Husbands=Hollywood Husbands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Performing_Arts=Encyclopedia of Performing Arts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinheads_and_Patriots=Pinheads and Patriots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_Nihon-Ja=The Emperor of Nihon-Ja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon's_Apprentice=The Dragon's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Help!_I'm_Trapped_in_my_Teacher's_Body=Help! I'm Trapped in my Teacher's Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_On_Ice=Soul On Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_English_Gentleman=The English Gentleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strega_(novel)=Strega (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HHhH=HHhH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mourning_Ruby=Mourning Ruby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fractal_Geometry_of_Nature=The Fractal Geometry of Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_brief_voor_de_Koning=De brief voor de Koning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathik_Pravasan=Pathik Pravasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magical_Revival=The Magical Revival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Best_Science_Fiction:_1970=World's Best Science Fiction: 1970
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Nation_Under_Surveillance=One Nation Under Surveillance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eyes_of_My_Princess=The Eyes of My Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinkas_haKehilot=Pinkas haKehilot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_of_the_Terraphiles=The Coming of the Terraphiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Ann_in_Autumn=Mary Ann in Autumn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canterbury_Puzzles=The Canterbury Puzzles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Matter_(Paver_novel)=Dark Matter (Paver novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Evita=Santa Evita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targeted_Killing_in_International_Law=Targeted Killing in International Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_Ga'Hoole:_The_Capture=Guardians of Ga'Hoole: The Capture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_Bitten=Snake Bitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy's_Little_Girl_(novel)=Daddy's Little Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Forget_the_Bacon!=Don't Forget the Bacon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadfalls_and_Snares=Deadfalls and Snares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_Dylan,_Performing_Artist=Bob Dylan, Performing Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Cope's_Year=Bertram Cope's Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_An_Eagle=Once An Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Foundations_of_Thought_and_Action=Social Foundations of Thought and Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Girl_(novel)=The Savage Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Best_Science_Fiction:_1969=World's Best Science Fiction: 1969
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World's_Best_Science_Fiction:_1968=World's Best Science Fiction: 1968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Jews_Telling_Jokes=Old Jews Telling Jokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Hunter=Conan the Hunter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_in_Waiting_(novel)=Lady in Waiting (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_1=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Full_and_True_Account_of_the_Wonderful_Mission_of_Earl_Lavender=A Full and True Account of the Wonderful Mission of Earl Lavender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_to_Hollywood=Walking to Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assholes_Finish_First=Assholes Finish First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_the_Boat_Sink_the_Water=Will the Boat Sink the Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Present_danger=Present danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_Histories=Secret Histories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cambridge_Companion_to_Bob_Dylan=The Cambridge Companion to Bob Dylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladys_in_Grammarland=Gladys in Grammarland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_2=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidney_Sheldon's_After_the_Darkness=Sidney Sheldon's After the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scientific_Man_versus_Power_Politics=Scientific Man versus Power Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuss_Control=Cuss Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post_Card:_From_Socrates_to_Freud_and_Beyond=The Post Card: From Socrates to Freud and Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Train_from_Hiroshima=The Last Train from Hiroshima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Computer_Graphics:_Principles_and_Practice=Computer Graphics: Principles and Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brainwash:_The_Secret_History_of_Mind_Control=Brainwash: The Secret History of Mind Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrior's_Apprentice=The Warrior's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cetaganda=Cetaganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dwarves_(novel)=The Dwarves (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Charter=The Midnight Charter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saturdays:_Our_Story=The Saturdays: Our Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commentaries_on_the_Constitution_of_the_United_States=Commentaries on the Constitution of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canticle_of_Whispers=The Canticle of Whispers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_the_Lost=The Children of the Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Healing_Words:_Poetry_and_Medicine=Healing Words: Poetry and Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tic_Talk:_Living_with_Tourette_Syndrome=Tic Talk: Living with Tourette Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Teacher=The Accidental Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gifts_of_the_Body=The Gifts of the Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Best_Australian_Albums=100 Best Australian Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luka_and_the_Fire_of_Life=Luka and the Fire of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People's_Republic_(novel)=People's Republic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardian_Angel_(novel)=Guardian Angel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Friday_(Muchamore_novel)=Black Friday (Muchamore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refuge:_An_Unnatural_History_of_Family_and_Place=Refuge: An Unnatural History of Family and Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Jim_Crow=The New Jim Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_of_Thorbardin=The Gates of Thorbardin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect:_A_Novel=Perfect: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Confession_(novel)=The Confession (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changes:_A_Love_Story=Changes: A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_3=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defense_&_Foreign_Affairs_Handbook_on_Azerbaijan=The Defense & Foreign Affairs Handbook on Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duties_Beyond_Borders=Duties Beyond Borders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandering_Stars_(novel)=Wandering Stars (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission:_Earth,_Voyage_to_the_Home_Planet=Mission: Earth, Voyage to the Home Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casablanca_(novella)=Casablanca (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock_Holmes:_Red_Leech=Young Sherlock Holmes: Red Leech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atheism_in_Christianity=Atheism in Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunger's_Rogues=Hunger's Rogues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeletons_on_the_Zahara=Skeletons on the Zahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Map_and_the_Territory=The Map and the Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Thieves_(novel)=City of Thieves (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empires_of_the_Indus=Empires of the Indus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_4=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cthulhu's_Reign=Cthulhu's Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Windward_Road=The Windward Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Slavery_as_It_Is=American Slavery as It Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anderson_Tapes_(novel)=The Anderson Tapes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_the_Pagoda=The Fall of the Pagoda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Times:_An_Oral_History_of_the_Great_Depression=Hard Times: An Oral History of the Great Depression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Love_Bacon!=I Love Bacon!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Space:_Martyr=Dead Space: Martyr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_5=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_House_Diary=White House Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dragon_(novel)=The Last Dragon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem_for_a_Species=Requiem for a Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Palaces=Twenty Palaces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_(book)=Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Queen=The Fifth Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guardians_of_Ga'Hoole:_The_Journey=Guardians of Ga'Hoole: The Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delusions_of_Gender=Delusions of Gender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_You=True You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Park_(novel)=Sunset Park (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy:_An_Introduction_to_the_Art_of_Wondering=Philosophy: An Introduction to the Art of Wondering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broke:_The_Plan_to_Restore_Our_Trust,_Truth,_and_Treasure=Broke: The Plan to Restore Our Trust, Truth, and Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debtor_Nation=Debtor Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essay_on_the_Nature_of_Trade_in_General=Essay on the Nature of Trade in General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Game_(Peter_Hopkirk_book)=The Great Game (Peter Hopkirk book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Clockwork_Three=The Clockwork Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JFK_in_Ireland=JFK in Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prague_Cemetery=The Prague Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Western_Canon:_The_Books_and_School_of_the_Ages=The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_6=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigs_on_the_Green=Wigs on the Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Year's_Best_SF_15=Year's Best SF 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_My_Eyes=Hide My Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Greyhawk=The City of Greyhawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_by_the_Inch=Gold by the Inch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_destino_ridicolo=Un destino ridicolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_in_Optics=Progress in Optics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Thing=The Lost Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Heart_of_Time=The Dark Heart of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mockingbird_(Erskine_novel)=Mockingbird (Erskine novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Fighter's_Handbook=The Complete Fighter's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Thief's_Handbook=The Complete Thief's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Priest's_Handbook=The Complete Priest's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Wizard's_Handbook=The Complete Wizard's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenloft:_Realm_of_Terror=Ravenloft: Realm of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrying_the_Fire:_An_Astronaut's_Journeys=Carrying the Fire: An Astronaut's Journeys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakas!=Drakas!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_(Higson_novel)=The Dead (Higson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Men_Call_Treasure=What Men Call Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_of_Rain_and_Stars=Nights of Rain and Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Castle_Guide=The Castle Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frozen_in_Time_(novel)=Frozen in Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao's_Great_Famine=Mao's Great Famine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spelljammer:_AD&D_Adventures_in_Space=Spelljammer: AD&D Adventures in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tristan_and_Iseult_(novel)=Tristan and Iseult (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_Britannica=Birds Britannica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_of_Kilba=King of Kilba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Griffin=The Dark Griffin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Yates_(novel)=Richard Yates (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_nya_nordiska_floran=Den nya nordiska floran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Still_Point=The Still Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Economics_Anti-Textbook=The Economics Anti-Textbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Wilhelm_Storitz=The Secret of Wilhelm Storitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mornings_in_Jenin=Mornings in Jenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hella_Nation=Hella Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plutonia_(novel)=Plutonia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Imaginative_Approach_to_Teaching=An Imaginative Approach to Teaching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Female_Marine=The Female Marine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Emperors=The Little Emperors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sly_Old_Cat=The Sly Old Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vapor_(novel)=Vapor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbroken:_A_World_War_II_Story_of_Survival,_Resilience,_and_Redemption=Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_Evans=Franklin Evans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cannibal_(novel)=The Cannibal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technology_and_the_Character_of_Contemporary_Life:_A_Philosophical_Inquiry=Technology and the Character of Contemporary Life: A Philosophical Inquiry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Popularity_Papers=The Popularity Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbus=Orbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Full_Vindication_of_the_Measures_of_Congress=A Full Vindication of the Measures of Congress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farmer_Refuted=The Farmer Refuted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rice_Sprout_Song=The Rice Sprout Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eiffel_Tower_and_Other_Mythologies=The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_Democratic_Capitalism=The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_7=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_8=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_9=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_10=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_11=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undersea_Trilogy=Undersea Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_12=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Geomorphs=Dungeon Geomorphs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_&_Treasure_Assortment=Monster & Treasure Assortment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus'_Son_(short_story_collection)=Jesus' Son (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non-Player_Character_Records=Non-Player Character Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_Character_Folder_&_Adventure_Records=Permanent Character Folder & Adventure Records
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elf_on_the_Shelf=The Elf on the Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khazar_English-Azerbaijani_Comprehensive_Dictionary=Khazar English-Azerbaijani Comprehensive Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Masters_Adventure_Log=Dungeon Masters Adventure Log
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogues_Gallery=The Rogues Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Cards=Monster Cards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cardturner=The Cardturner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Nig=Our Nig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Thoughts_of_a_Classical_Physicist=Night Thoughts of a Classical Physicist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bones_to_Ashes=Bones to Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Bones=Devil Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_of_Greater_Safety=A Place of Greater Safety
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catch_the_Beat=Catch the Beat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistborn:_The_Alloy_of_Law=Mistborn: The Alloy of Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genocidal_Organ=Genocidal Organ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunting_(Nixon_novel)=The Haunting (Nixon novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Date_Ever=The Worst Date Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_Are_Athirst=The Gods Are Athirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_Elizabeth=Call Me Elizabeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Englishwoman's_Love-letters=An Englishwoman's Love-letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warlock:_The_Secrets_of_the_Immortal_Nicholas_Flamel=The Warlock: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightmare_Hour=Nightmare Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noah's_Compass=Noah's Compass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hussaini_Encyclopedia=The Hussaini Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(anthology)=Fear (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Letter_to_Amy=A Letter to Amy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apt._3=Apt. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clementina's_Cactus=Clementina's Cactus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_China_Governess=The China Governess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Templar_Salvation=The Templar Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex_(Wilson_novel)=Vortex (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congo_Journey=Congo Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Silver=Empire of Silver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bestiary_of_Dragons_and_Giants=Bestiary of Dragons and Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Wondrous_Inventions=The Book of Wondrous Inventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Odd_Women=The Odd Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacica=Dacica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gardener's_Son=The Gardener's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emirates_of_Ylaruam=The Emirates of Ylaruam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_of_Ierendi=The Kingdom of Ierendi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Master's_Design_Kit=Dungeon Master's Design Kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_and_the_Circle=The Sword and the Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeper_(Jeff_Long_novel)=Deeper (Jeff Long novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historical_Atlas_of_China_(1982)=Historical Atlas of China (1982)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Paysan_de_Paris=Le Paysan de Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Magdalen=Memoirs of a Magdalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reason_for_God=The Reason for God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_the_Wolf=House of the Wolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bed_of_Procrustes=The Bed of Procrustes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_Mortals_Sleep_(book)=While Mortals Sleep (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Party:_The_Secret_World_of_China's_Communist_Rulers=The Party: The Secret World of China's Communist Rulers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Deeds_of_Finn_MacCool=The High Deeds of Finn MacCool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy_Holly_Is_Alive_and_Well_on_Ganymede=Buddy Holly Is Alive and Well on Ganymede
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepy_Creatures=Creepy Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bad_Child's_Book_of_Beasts=The Bad Child's Book of Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_System=City System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quantum_Thief=The Quantum Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anthologist=The Anthologist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bloke's_Guide_To_Pregnancy=The Bloke's Guide To Pregnancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpiece_(novel)=Masterpiece (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Queen_of_Heaven=The Next Queen of Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon's_Covenant=The Demon's Covenant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara-Tur:_The_Eastern_Realms=Kara-Tur: The Eastern Realms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elves_of_Alfheim=The Elves of Alfheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dwarves_of_Rockhome=The Dwarves of Rockhome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Northern_Reaches=The Northern Reaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_Heritage_of_Hyderabad=A Guide to Heritage of Hyderabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drunk_Stoned_Brilliant_Dead=Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Breath=The House of Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutting_for_Stone=Cutting for Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrayar=Barrayar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Three_Minutes:_A_Modern_View_of_the_Origin_of_the_Universe=The First Three Minutes: A Modern View of the Origin of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Needle=The Hollow Needle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodlines_(Mead_novel)=Bloodlines (Mead novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Grammar_In_Use=English Grammar In Use
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigret_and_Monsieur_Charles=Maigret and Monsieur Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Devils_Are_Here=All the Devils Are Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Lincoln=Lionel Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Hell!=Escape from Hell!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Emerald_Lady=The Legend of the Emerald Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Shires=The Five Shires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Minrothad_Guilds=The Minrothad Guilds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orcs_of_Thar=The Orcs of Thar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_the_Emperors:_Thyatis_and_Alphatia=Dawn of the Emperors: Thyatis and Alphatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Khan_of_Ethengar=The Golden Khan of Ethengar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republic_of_Darokin=The Republic of Darokin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tall_Tales_of_the_Wee_Folk=Tall Tales of the Wee Folk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_Ballista=Top Ballista
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabotaged_(novel)=Sabotaged (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilded_Latten_Bones=Gilded Latten Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unscientific_America=Unscientific America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Skin_(novel)=Second Skin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball_Fever=Baseball Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campaign_Sourcebook_and_Catacomb_Guide=Campaign Sourcebook and Catacomb Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smile_(comics)=Smile (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Nate:On_a_Roll=Big Nate:On a Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychotic_Reactions_and_Carburetor_Dung:_The_Work_of_a_Legendary_Critic:_Rock_'n'_Roll_as_Literature_and_Literature_as_Rock_'n'_Roll=Psychotic Reactions and Carburetor Dung: The Work of a Legendary Critic: Rock 'n' Roll as Literature and Literature as Rock 'n' Roll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heliopolis_(Scudamore_novel)=Heliopolis (Scudamore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Ships=Lost Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_and_Technology_Law_Desk_Reference=Internet and Technology Law Desk Reference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ah,_Sweet_Mystery_of_Life:_The_Country_Stories_of_Roald_Dahl=Ah, Sweet Mystery of Life: The Country Stories of Roald Dahl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Elves=The Shadow Elves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_People=The Sea People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horde_(boxed_set)=The Horde (boxed set)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_World_Campaign_Set=Hollow World Campaign Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geographia_Neoteriki=Geographia Neoteriki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luv_Ya_Bunches=Luv Ya Bunches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_(Starfire)=Exodus (Starfire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hit_and_Run_(novel)=Hit and Run (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everlost=Everlost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Consejo_de_los_Dioses=El Consejo de los Dioses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_(Mankell_novel)=Daniel (Mankell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundations_of_the_Stereoscopic_Cinema=Foundations of the Stereoscopic Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_la_juventud_filipina=A la juventud filipina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Noir_(novel)=Code Noir (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Habits_of_Highly_Effective_Teens=The Seven Habits of Highly Effective Teens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Denationalization_of_Money=The Denationalization of Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guantanamo:_My_Journey=Guantanamo: My Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codex_(novel)=Codex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_in_the_Dying_Time=Orion in the Dying Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Army=The Forgotten Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsiders_of_Uskoken_Castle=The Outsiders of Uskoken Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Close_Quarters=At Close Quarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_13=The Best Science Fiction of the Year 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Carr's_Best_Science_Fiction_of_the_Year_15=Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction of the Year 15
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terry_Carr's_Best_Science_Fiction_and_Fantasy_of_the_Year_16=Terry Carr's Best Science Fiction and Fantasy of the Year 16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Land!_No_House!_No_Vote!_(book)=No Land! No House! No Vote! (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe_1=Universe 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slights=Slights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universe_2=Universe 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ummachu=Ummachu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empathic_Civilization=The Empathic Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Crash=Beyond the Crash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_Indian=Playing Indian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light_Beyond_the_Forest=The Light Beyond the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Camlann=The Road to Camlann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_&_Wizard:_The_Gift=Witch & Wizard: The Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lampshade:_A_Holocaust_Detective_Story_from_Buchenwald_to_New_Orleans=The Lampshade: A Holocaust Detective Story from Buchenwald to New Orleans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griftopia=Griftopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Sister_(novel)=White Sister (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Moone=The Man in the Moone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_Readers=The Mind Readers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diwan-e-Ghalib=Diwan-e-Ghalib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X_Isle=X Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deadly_Dungeon=The Deadly Dungeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knowledge_and_Human_Interests=Knowledge and Human Interests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Album_of_Fluid_Motion=An Album of Fluid Motion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphique=Sapphique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Sense_on_Mutual_Funds=Common Sense on Mutual Funds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Ghosts:_Mao's_Secret_Famine=Hungry Ghosts: Mao's Secret Famine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nozomi_(book)=Nozomi (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_and_Sword_(novel)=Fire and Sword (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_of_Fire_(non-fiction)=Winter of Fire (non-fiction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Men=China Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_(book)=Non (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vengeance_of_Orion=Vengeance of Orion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_(Gorky_novel)=The Mother (Gorky novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fields_of_Death=The Fields of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schilder-boeck=Schilder-boeck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigret_and_the_Dosser=Maigret and the Dosser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoding_Reality=Decoding Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_of_the_Celt=The Dream of the Celt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_Word_and_Other_Mysteries=The Key Word and Other Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disappearing_Man_and_Other_Mysteries=The Disappearing Man and Other Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Mysteries_of_Isaac_Asimov=The Best Mysteries of Isaac Asimov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistaken_(novel)=Mistaken (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carbon_Diaries:_2015=The Carbon Diaries: 2015
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toward_a_Feminist_Theory_of_the_State=Toward a Feminist Theory of the State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Immortal_Life_of_Henrietta_Lacks=The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_Gets_a_Medal=Curious George Gets a Medal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Boats_on_Bannermere=No Boats on Bannermere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Up_to_Now_(Shaw_autobiography)=Up to Now (Shaw autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics_Made_Difficult=Mathematics Made Difficult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champions_of_Ruin=Champions of Ruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champions_of_Valor=Champions of Valor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies_and_Allies=Enemies and Allies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Builder's_Guidebook=Hero Builder's Guidebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unapproachable_East_(supplement)=Unapproachable East (supplement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Hymn_of_China=Battle Hymn of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_to_Extremes_(book)=Going to Extremes (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Words_(book)=Only Words (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_Thirty=Turning Thirty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnomes_(book)=Gnomes (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friendly_Fire:_The_Illusion_of_Justice=Friendly Fire: The Illusion of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire:_From_a_Journal_of_Love=Fire: From a Journal of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_(novel)=Grass (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Avenues=Dark Avenues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mousehole_Cat=The Mousehole Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apocalypse_Troll=The Apocalypse Troll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_I_Know_(novel)=Now I Know (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Toll_Bridge=The Toll Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowering_Nettle=Flowering Nettle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player_One=Player One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapphira_and_the_Slave_Girl=Sapphira and the Slave Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meelis=Meelis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Eighth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Eighth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Islands:_Tax_Havens_and_the_Men_who_Stole_the_World=Treasure Islands: Tax Havens and the Men who Stole the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_White_People=The History of White People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balance_of_Power_(Star_Trek)=Balance of Power (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Over_Manifest=Moon Over Manifest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sick_Day_for_Amos_McGee=A Sick Day for Amos McGee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_Breaker=Ship Breaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metropolis_Case=The Metropolis Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen's_Throat=The Queen's Throat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tale_of_the_Tribe=Tale of the Tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coincidance:_A_Head_Test=Coincidance: A Head Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Drugs_and_Magick=Sex, Drugs and Magick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Is_What_You_Can_Get_Away_With=Reality Is What You Can Get Away With
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TSOG:_The_Thing_That_Ate_the_Constitution=TSOG: The Thing That Ate the Constitution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Law,_or_Don't_Put_a_Rubber_on_Your_Willy=Natural Law, or Don't Put a Rubber on Your Willy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Is_Under_Control:_Conspiracies,_Cults_and_Cover-ups=Everything Is Under Control: Conspiracies, Cults and Cover-ups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishtar_Rising=Ishtar Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Million=The Four Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sex_Magicians=The Sex Magicians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Get_Fat=Why We Get Fat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Hymn_of_the_Tiger_Mother=Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_All:_The_Pillow_Book_of_Cordelia_Kenn=This Is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Investment_Answer=The Investment Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Band_Played_On=And the Band Played On
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Chancery=In Chancery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interred_with_Their_Bones=Interred with Their Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_I_Have_5_Minutes_of_Your_Time%3F=Can I Have 5 Minutes of Your Time?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legion_(novel)=The Legion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praetorian_(novel)=Praetorian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Search_for_WondLa=The Search for WondLa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winner_Stands_Alone=The Winner Stands Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Empress:_Madame_Chiang_Kai-shek_and_the_Birth_of_Modern_China=The Last Empress: Madame Chiang Kai-shek and the Birth of Modern China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Lorraine=Alice Lorraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Good_Intentions=More Than Good Intentions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Textbook_of_Biochemistry=Textbook of Biochemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/.hack//Epitaph_of_Twilight=.hack//Epitaph of Twilight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/24_Hours_(novel)=24 Hours (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Throne_of_Fire=The Throne of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4-Hour_Body=The 4-Hour Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_Down_with_Lions=Lie Down with Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_End_of_the_Land=To the End of the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farlander=Farlander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Film_That_Changed_My_Life=The Film That Changed My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilderness:_The_Lost_Writings_of_Jim_Morrison=Wilderness: The Lost Writings of Jim Morrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Stories_(short_story_collection)=Five Stories (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twenty-Four-Inch_Home_Run=The Twenty-Four-Inch Home Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Beauty_and_Others=The Old Beauty and Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insufferable_Gaucho=The Insufferable Gaucho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_Hearts_(collection)=Hungry Hearts (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Dragon=Storm Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_(short_story_collection)=The Return (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carte_Blanche_(novel)=Carte Blanche (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaktime_(novel)=Breaktime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Max=Saving Max
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evolution's_Darling=Evolution's Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Difficult_Loves=Difficult Loves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Turkish_Cinema=New Turkish Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetness_at_the_Bottom_of_the_Pie=The Sweetness at the Bottom of the Pie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Fight_Like_Soldiers,_They_Die_Like_Children=They Fight Like Soldiers, They Die Like Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Reality=The Hidden Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Still_Hold_These_Truths=We Still Hold These Truths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antwerp_(novel)=Antwerp (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brand_Trust_Report=The Brand Trust Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everwild=Everwild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O:_A_Presidential_Novel=O: A Presidential Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Rover=The Red Rover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Gate=The Lost Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Horrid_Practice=This Horrid Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Lions=The Young Lions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feminism_Unmodified=Feminism Unmodified
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_First_Amendment=Beyond the First Amendment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Encyclopedia_of_Punk=The Encyclopedia of Punk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_on_the_Moon=Sex on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan_Chronicle=Pakistan Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men,_Women,_and_Chainsaws=Men, Women, and Chainsaws
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concubine_(novel)=The Concubine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Johnson_in_the_Flames=Charlie Johnson in the Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Country=Sacred Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaving_the_Web=Weaving the Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_War=Theory of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bright's_Passage=Bright's Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Engineers_Know_and_How_They_Know_It=What Engineers Know and How They Know It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard's_Map=The Wizard's Map
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riotous_Assembly=Riotous Assembly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_of_Expression_(book)=Freedom of Expression (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Memory=Escape from Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Poppies_on_Monte_Cassino=Red Poppies on Monte Cassino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_a_Box=Not a Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antiquitas_Lost=Antiquitas Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skippy_Dies=Skippy Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeping_Up_Glass=Sweeping Up Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zahra's_Paradise=Zahra's Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net.wars=Net.wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bang-Bang_Club_(book)=The Bang-Bang Club (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasy_Freaks_and_Gaming_Geeks=Fantasy Freaks and Gaming Geeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_(Ted_Dekker_and_Tosca_Lee_novel)=Forbidden (Ted Dekker and Tosca Lee novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lurulu=Lurulu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Magazine_Writing_2007=The Best American Magazine Writing 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interlok=Interlok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ECONned=ECONned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tables_of_the_Law=The Tables of the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Question_(novel)=The Big Question (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Assassin=Beautiful Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemmeen_(novel)=Chemmeen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivor_(Herbert_novel)=The Survivor (Herbert novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies_&_Allies=Enemies & Allies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rising_(Flight_Engineer)=The Rising (Flight Engineer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Independent_Command=The Independent Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Privateer=The Privateer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nearer_the_Moon=Nearer the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casper_the_Commuting_Cat=Casper the Commuting Cat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsene_Lupin_vs._Herlock_Sholmes=Arsene Lupin vs. Herlock Sholmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millroy_the_Magician=Millroy the Magician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Technology_Wants=What Technology Wants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_in_Paradise=Turtle in Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_a_Hansom_Cab=The Mystery of a Hansom Cab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corpsing_(novel)=Corpsing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women,_Fire,_and_Dangerous_Things=Women, Fire, and Dangerous Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entdeckung_der_blauen_Grotte_auf_der_Insel_Capri=Entdeckung der blauen Grotte auf der Insel Capri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandelion_Fire=Dandelion Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chestnut_King=The Chestnut King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_Made_By_Hand=World Made By Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Seconds=Three Seconds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaza_in_Crisis=Gaza in Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Home_the_Revolution=Bring Home the Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Save_America=To Save America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontamara=Fontamara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martian_Summer=Martian Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gate_at_the_Stairs=A Gate at the Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1843=Four Upbuilding Discourses, 1843
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellenic_Nomarchy=Hellenic Nomarchy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Raisin_and_the_Deadly_Dance=Agatha Raisin and the Deadly Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Valiant=Conan the Valiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun,_the_Genome_and_the_Internet=The Sun, the Genome and the Internet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanticleer_and_the_Fox_(book)=Chanticleer and the Fox (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordeal_(autobiography)=Ordeal (autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Savage=Conan the Savage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanakya's_Chant=Chanakya's Chant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Dragonslayer=The Last Dragonslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_Garden=The Forgotten Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patient_Zero:_A_Joe_Ledger_Novel=Patient Zero: A Joe Ledger Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geeks_Bearing_Gifts=Geeks Bearing Gifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_(Bujold_novel)=Memory (Bujold novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Civil_Campaign=A Civil Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_of_Souls=Lord of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oyoun_Akhbar_Al-Ridha=Oyoun Akhbar Al-Ridha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogue_Crew=The Rogue Crew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Take_the_Long_Way_Home=Let's Take the Long Way Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WikiLeaks:_Inside_Julian_Assange's_War_on_Secrecy=WikiLeaks: Inside Julian Assange's War on Secrecy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Centuries_of_Silence=Two Centuries of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nathaniel_Fludd,_Beastologist=Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_EndWar:_The_Hunted=Tom Clancy's EndWar: The Hunted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_Man=Talking Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_(book)=Death (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_lieutenant_de_Kouta=Le lieutenant de Kouta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lad_and_the_Lion=The Lad and the Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Pele_Broke_Our_Hearts=When Pele Broke Our Hearts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_the_World_(H._G._Wells)=A Short History of the World (H. G. Wells)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_in_Hell_(book)=Heroes in Hell (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explanatory_Dictionary_of_the_Living_Great_Russian_Language=Explanatory Dictionary of the Living Great Russian Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictionary_of_the_Russian_Language_(Ozhegov)=Dictionary of the Russian Language (Ozhegov)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haywire_(book)=Haywire (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Raven_in_the_Foregate=The Raven in the Foregate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heretic's_Apprentice=The Heretic's Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hermit_of_Eyton_Forest=The Hermit of Eyton Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Potter's_Field_(Peters_novel)=The Potter's Field (Peters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Number_Four=I Am Number Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christopher_and_His_Kind=Christopher and His Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecstasy:_Three_Tales_of_Chemical_Romance=Ecstasy: Three Tales of Chemical Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sense_of_Where_You_Are=A Sense of Where You Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_in_the_Oak=The Boy in the Oak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Question_and_Answer_Guide_to_Astronomy=A Question and Answer Guide to Astronomy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transfer_Agreement=The Transfer Agreement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Two_Three..._Infinity=One Two Three... Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decoration_of_Houses=The Decoration of Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Dwarf:_Infinity_Welcomes_Careful_Drivers=Red Dwarf: Infinity Welcomes Careful Drivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autobiography_of_a_Flea=The Autobiography of a Flea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Jihad=American Jihad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_of_the_Whale_Tattoo=Mystery of the Whale Tattoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Stairs_(William_Sleator_novel)=House of Stairs (William Sleator novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Came_in_at_Midnight=The Sea Came in at Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Genealogy_of_Morality=On the Genealogy of Morality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dresden_Files=The Dresden Files
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brooklyn_Follies=The Brooklyn Follies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anatomy_of_Revolution=The Anatomy of Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passing_of_the_Armies=The Passing of the Armies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soul_Catcher_(novel)=Soul Catcher (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldiborontiphoskyphorniostikos=Aldiborontiphoskyphorniostikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_(novel)=Pink (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scheme_for_Full_Employment=The Scheme for Full Employment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can_Have_Peace_in_the_Holy_Land=We Can Have Peace in the Holy Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Walks_in_the_Fictional_Woods=Six Walks in the Fictional Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dogs_of_Riga=The Dogs of Riga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles:_Volume_One=Chronicles: Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_More*_with_Footnotes=Once More* with Footnotes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarians_at_the_Gate:_The_Fall_of_RJR_Nabisco=Barbarians at the Gate: The Fall of RJR Nabisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Timeless_Way_of_Building=The Timeless Way of Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feynman_Lectures_on_Physics=The Feynman Lectures on Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyrms_(novel)=Wyrms (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Dunk_and_Egg=Tales of Dunk and Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_for_Fun=Just for Fun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incomplete_Enchanter=The Incomplete Enchanter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_la_pirotechnia=De la pirotechnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R-T,_Margaret,_and_the_Rats_of_NIMH=R-T, Margaret, and the Rats of NIMH
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Immortal=This Immortal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Blood_and_the_Holy_Grail=The Holy Blood and the Holy Grail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictionary_of_the_Khazars=Dictionary of the Khazars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother_Tongue=The Mother Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Endymion=The Rise of Endymion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drive:_The_Surprising_Truth_About_What_Motivates_Us=Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Official_History_of_Australian_Peacekeeping,_Humanitarian_and_Post-Cold_War_Operations=Official History of Australian Peacekeeping, Humanitarian and Post-Cold War Operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Mind_the_Balkans,_Here's_Romania=Never Mind the Balkans, Here's Romania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderers_(Rimland_novel)=The Wanderers (Rimland novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Louisa's_Oft_Told_Tales=Aunt Louisa's Oft Told Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meaning_of_It_All=The Meaning of It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Pilgrimage=Diary of a Pilgrimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patriotic_Gore=Patriotic Gore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Dirt=Empire of Dirt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_Are_Not_To_Blame=The Gods Are Not To Blame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_European_Union_as_a_Small_Power=The European Union as a Small Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Dictatorship_to_Democracy=From Dictatorship to Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brak_the_Barbarian=Brak the Barbarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soldier's_Song_(novel)=The Soldier's Song (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_in_Mexico=To Die in Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukraine:_A_History=Ukraine: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buried_Thunder=Buried Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Arsenal=The Family Arsenal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tea_Party_Goes_to_Washington=The Tea Party Goes to Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faking_It:_The_Quest_for_Authenticity_in_Popular_Music=Faking It: The Quest for Authenticity in Popular Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facebook_Effect=The Facebook Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_Kate=Plain Kate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_of_Waiting=The Village of Waiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Kata=Toyota Kata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_mga_Kaibigan_ni_Mama_Susan=Ang mga Kaibigan ni Mama Susan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vendetta_(Star_Trek)=Vendetta (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Sherlock_Holmes_Story=The Last Sherlock Holmes Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_Europe_Slept=While Europe Slept
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Ice_(memoir)=Black Ice (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers_Avenged=The Borrowers Avenged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elijah_of_Buxton=Elijah of Buxton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Last_Best_Chance=Our Last Best Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Short_Stories=International Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Places_(novel)=Dark Places (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davy_and_the_Goblin=Davy and the Goblin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Admiral's_Caravan=The Admiral's Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tell-Tale_Brain=The Tell-Tale Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry-Fly_Fishing_in_Theory_and_Practice=Dry-Fly Fishing in Theory and Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_History_of_the_White_House=The Black History of the White House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_(Slaughter_novel)=Broken (Slaughter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Remembered_Earth=Blue Remembered Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Britling_Sees_It_Through=Mr. Britling Sees It Through
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1844=Two Upbuilding Discourses, 1844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TimeRiders=TimeRiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Postcognitive_Negation=A Postcognitive Negation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Little_Things=Pretty Little Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Below_the_Root_(novel)=Below the Root (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_All_Between=And All Between
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_the_Celebration=Until the Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Famine_1975!_America's_Decision:_Who_Will_Survive%3F=Famine 1975! America's Decision: Who Will Survive?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_of_the_Midnight_Ball=Princess of the Midnight Ball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_and_Profane=Sacred and Profane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mammoth_Book_of_Erotica=The Mammoth Book of Erotica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darcy's_Story=Darcy's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daybreak_Zero=Daybreak Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palpasa_Cafe=Palpasa Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China's_Red_Army_Marches=China's Red Army Marches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics_and_the_Imagination_(book)=Mathematics and the Imagination (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Economy=The Blue Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pir-e-Kamil=Pir-e-Kamil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exotica_(book)=Exotica (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11/22/63=11/22/63
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seer_(novel_series)=The Seer (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Die_For_(novel)=To Die For (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pym_(novel)=Pym (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_of_a_Demon_King=Rage of a Demon King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Gates_of_Darkness=At the Gates of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Troy=The New Troy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Angels=Dangerous Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Named_Zippy=A Girl Named Zippy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anatomy_of_a_Disappearance=Anatomy of a Disappearance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Sick_(novel)=Love Sick (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sribhargavaraghaviyam=Sribhargavaraghaviyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescendo_(novel)=Crescendo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ask_Me_No_Questions_(novel)=Ask Me No Questions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boys_from_St._Petri_(novel)=The Boys from St. Petri (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lush:_A_Novel=Lush: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kriyakramakari=Kriyakramakari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_It_Snow:_Three_Holiday_Romances=Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Eat_a_Small_Country=How to Eat a Small Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darling_Buds_of_May_(novel)=The Darling Buds of May (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpion_and_Felix=Scorpion and Felix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Textbook_of_Medicine=The Oxford Textbook of Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bushbabies=The Bushbabies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Known_and_Unknown:_A_Memoir=Known and Unknown: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nanny_(Green_novel)=The Nanny (Green novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Mind=The Savage Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintergirls=Wintergirls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Privies_of_Wales=Privies of Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_of_Tupac_Shakur=The Killing of Tupac Shakur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodlands=Bloodlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eternal_Husband=The Eternal Husband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah_Armstrong_Mystery_series=Sarah Armstrong Mystery series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phantom_of_the_Card_Table=The Phantom of the Card Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashtavakra_(epic)=Ashtavakra (epic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Stations=Three Stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fleet_Street_Murders=The Fleet Street Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Take_Back_Plenty=Take Back Plenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellhole_(novel)=Hellhole (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whizzard!=Whizzard!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Uses_of_Enchantment=The Uses of Enchantment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhrngadutam=Bhrngadutam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Game_(1991_boxed_set)=Dungeons & Dragons Game (1991 boxed set)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Sun_Boxed_Set=Dark Sun Boxed Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_Encyclopedia=The Magic Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Richten's_Guide_to_Ghosts=Van Richten's Guide to Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Howlers=Night Howlers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ring_of_Solomon=The Ring of Solomon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Kingdom_Besieged=A Kingdom Besieged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steam-Driven_Boy_and_other_Strangers=The Steam-Driven Boy and other Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_Bat_and_the_Goat_Guys=Cherokee Bat and the Goat Guys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missing_Angel_Juan=Missing Angel Juan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caucasia_(novel)=Caucasia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Voyages=Golden Voyages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champions_of_Mystara=Champions of Mystara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castles_Forlorn=Castles Forlorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Guide_to_the_Dragonlance_Campaign=Player's Guide to the Dragonlance Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_Magica=Encyclopedia Magica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moment_of_Eclipse=The Moment of Eclipse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goals_in_the_Air=Goals in the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_of_Reason_(Horkheimer)=Eclipse of Reason (Horkheimer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Visit_from_the_Goon_Squad=A Visit from the Goon Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Time_Will_Tell_(novel)=Only Time Will Tell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger's_Wife=The Tiger's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarecrow_and_the_Army_of_Thieves=Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warmth_of_Other_Suns=The Warmth of Other Suns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Qadim:_Arabian_Adventures=Al-Qadim: Arabian Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Fate=Land of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin_Mountain=Assassin Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Sha'ir's_Handbook=The Complete Sha'ir's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thomas_Ligotti_Reader:_Essays_and_Explorations=The Thomas Ligotti Reader: Essays and Explorations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manxman_(novel)=The Manxman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packing_for_Mars=Packing for Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Murder_of_Biggie_Smalls=The Murder of Biggie Smalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberalisme_(anthology)=Liberalisme (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United!_(novel)=United! (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonietta_(novel)=Antonietta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Down_Low:_A_Journey_into_the_Lives_of_Straight_Black_Men_Who_Sleep_with_Men=On the Down Low: A Journey into the Lives of Straight Black Men Who Sleep with Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_to_Caution_the_World=Stories to Caution the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unlikely_Brothers=Unlikely Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woods_Runner=Woods Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grammata_Serica_Recensa=Grammata Serica Recensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Hope=Time of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Public_relations_(book)=Public relations (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Need_for_Roots=The Need for Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_the_Horse_Lord=The Mark of the Horse Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anything_Other_Than_Naked=Anything Other Than Naked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_(novel)=The Cult (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_Saboteurs=The Sun Saboteurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Belton_Estate=The Belton Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Writing_and_Difference=Writing and Difference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Killing's_Done=When the Killing's Done
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Broke_Horses=Half Broke Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaws_of_Mars=The Outlaws of Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Provinces_(poetry_anthology)=New Provinces (poetry anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Book_Is_Broken=This Book Is Broken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Dance=Mirror Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epistles_of_Wisdom=Epistles of Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_to_Higby=Welcome to Higby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_for_Anything=A for Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fist,_Stick,_Knife,_Gun=Fist, Stick, Knife, Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbound_(book)=Unbound (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Money_Than_God=More Money Than God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_East,_Young_Man=Go East, Young Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_at_the_Buzzer=Bird at the Buzzer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Who_Are_About_To...=We Who Are About To...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra(ordinary)_People=Extra(ordinary) People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Pavement=Hell's Pavement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necronomicon:_The_Best_Weird_Tales_of_H._P._Lovecraft:_Commemorative_Edition=Necronomicon: The Best Weird Tales of H. P. Lovecraft: Commemorative Edition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Would_the_Founders_Do%3F=What Would the Founders Do?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernobyl:_Consequences_of_the_Catastrophe_for_People_and_the_Environment=Chernobyl: Consequences of the Catastrophe for People and the Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abuse_of_Power=Abuse of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traveler's_Gift=The Traveler's Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Spaceship_Built_of_Stone_and_Other_Stories=A Spaceship Built of Stone and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pages_from_the_Mages=Pages from the Mages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nightmare_Lands=The Nightmare Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthright_Campaign_Setting=Birthright Campaign Setting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Secrets_of_Talinie=Player's Secrets of Talinie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planes_of_Conflict=Planes of Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_and_Rogues_of_the_Realms=Wizards and Rogues of the Realms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaman_(accessory)=Shaman (accessory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treasure_Tales=Treasure Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ginger_Cat_and_Other_Lost_Plays=The Ginger Cat and Other Lost Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enola;_or,_Her_fatal_mistake=Enola; or, Her fatal mistake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_Degrevant=Sir Degrevant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Percy_Bysshe_Shelley=The Life of Percy Bysshe Shelley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Vengeance_(novel)=Cold Vengeance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_of_Nazareth:_Holy_Week=Jesus of Nazareth: Holy Week
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Circus=The Dead Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Morningside_World_of_Stuart_McLean=The Morningside World of Stuart McLean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_to_Nirvana=Passage to Nirvana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wannabe:_How_The_Spice_Girls_Reinvented_Pop_Fame=Wannabe: How The Spice Girls Reinvented Pop Fame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Exodus=Transformers: Exodus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_from_the_Vinyl_Cafe=Home from the Vinyl Cafe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinyl_Cafe_Unplugged=Vinyl Cafe Unplugged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinyl_Cafe_Diaries=Vinyl Cafe Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vinyl_Cafe_Notebooks=The Vinyl Cafe Notebooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dwarf_(Cho_Se-hui_novel)=The Dwarf (Cho Se-hui novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Evolution=Masters of Evolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Della_mercatura_e_del_mercante_perfetto=Della mercatura e del mercante perfetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Space_Between_Us_(novel)=The Space Between Us (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Know_For_Sure=What I Know For Sure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Army_of_Davids=An Army of Davids
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Militant_Liberty:_A_Program_of_Evaluation_and_Assessment_of_Freedom=Militant Liberty: A Program of Evaluation and Assessment of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Chance_to_Make_History=A Chance to Make History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Werner_Holt=The Adventures of Werner Holt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_of_Animals=The God of Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Left_Hand_of_God_(novel)=The Left Hand of God (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peruvazhiyambalam_(novel)=Peruvazhiyambalam (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Man_Luther=Young Man Luther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glow_in_the_Dark_(book)=Glow in the Dark (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Smooth_(book)=American Smooth (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Bus_with_Rosa_Parks=On the Bus with Rosa Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purpose_of_American_Politics=The Purpose of American Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_of_the_Sun=Cities of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rjurik_Highlands=The Rjurik Highlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Magecraft=The Book of Magecraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Option:_Spells_&_Magic=Player's Option: Spells & Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncaged:_Faces_of_Sigil=Uncaged: Faces of Sigil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planewalker's_Handbook=The Planewalker's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_North:_Guide_to_the_Savage_Frontier=The North: Guide to the Savage Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Million_Crucifixions=Six Million Crucifixions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_on_Violence=Reflections on Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Darkness=Beautiful Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hunger_Artist_(collection)=A Hunger Artist (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yakshi_(novel)=Yakshi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun's_seventh_horse_(novel)=The Sun's seventh horse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princeton_Field_Guide_to_Dinosaurs=The Princeton Field Guide to Dinosaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Technology_Fails=When Technology Fails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_God's_Children_Need_Traveling_Shoes=All God's Children Need Traveling Shoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_Flung_Up_to_Heaven=A Song Flung Up to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maintenance_of_Headway=The Maintenance of Headway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonlance:_Fifth_Age=Dragonlance: Fifth Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem:_The_Grim_Harvest=Requiem: The Grim Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizard's_Spell_Compendium=Wizard's Spell Compendium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Soul:_Mahatma_Gandhi_and_His_Struggle_with_India=Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle with India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treatise_of_Love=Treatise of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maztica_Campaign_Set=Maztica Campaign Set
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darklords=Darklords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dune_Trader=Dune Trader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slave_Tribes=Slave Tribes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Praise_of_the_Stepmother=In Praise of the Stepmother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hunt_(novel)=The Last Hunt (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srisitaramakelikaumudi=Srisitaramakelikaumudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Picture=The Missing Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_Animal_(Brooks_book)=The Social Animal (Brooks book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_of_Thieves_(novel)=Den of Thieves (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_O'Nine_Tails_(novel)=Cat O'Nine Tails (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comeback_(novel)=The Comeback (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Hundred_Million=The Next Hundred Million
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Economics_Does_Not_Lie=Economics Does Not Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vault_(novel)=The Vault (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sing_You_Home=Sing You Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celts_Campaign_Sourcebook=Celts Campaign Sourcebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Glacier=The Great Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veiled_Alliance=Veiled Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_&_Glory=Gold & Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volo's_Guide_to_Waterdeep=Volo's Guide to Waterdeep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Lore=Forbidden Lore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_of_Terror=Islands of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Master_and_God=Master and God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Heart_of_Jamaica=Black Heart of Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragonfly_Pool=The Dragonfly Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exit_Wounds_(comics)=Exit Wounds (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronado:_Stories=Coronado: Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crispin:_The_End_of_Time=Crispin: The End of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talon_of_the_Silver_Hawk=Talon of the Silver Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Dreams=Earth Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_Dancer=Dream Dancer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruiser_Dreams=Cruiser Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Have_Sex_in_an_Epidemic=How to Have Sex in an Epidemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarus_Rising:_A_Personal_and_Political_Autobiography=Lazarus Rising: A Personal and Political Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Book_(book)=The Good Book (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes_and_the_Man_from_Hell=Sherlock Holmes and the Man from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Couch_of_Silistra=High Couch of Silistra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Sword=The Golden Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_from_the_Abyss=Wind from the Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnelian_Throne=The Carnelian Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neoconservatism:_Why_We_Need_It=Neoconservatism: Why We Need It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deck_of_Magical_Items=Deck of Magical Items
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creative_Campaigning=Creative Campaigning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_of_the_Rakasta=Rage of the Rakasta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knight_of_Newts=The Knight of Newts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Azca=Sons of Azca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curious_George_Learns_the_Alphabet=Curious George Learns the Alphabet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Loup_blanc=Le Loup blanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Library_of_Essential_Information=Lincoln Library of Essential Information
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Do_We_Go_from_Here:_Chaos_or_Community%3F=Where Do We Go from Here: Chaos or Community?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Faith_Collaboration=Good Faith Collaboration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chuk_and_Gek=Chuk and Gek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyone_Loves_You_When_You're_Dead=Everyone Loves You When You're Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Plot=The Medusa Plot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleric's_Challenge=Cleric's Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ruins_of_Myth_Drannor=The Ruins of Myth Drannor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Richten's_Guide_to_the_Lich=Van Richten's Guide to the Lich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Richten's_Guide_to_Werebeasts=Van Richten's Guide to Werebeasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gullstruck_Island=Gullstruck Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22V%22_Is_for_Vengeance="V" Is for Vengeance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three-Body_Problem=The Three-Body Problem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pity_the_Nation=Pity the Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Who_Like_Boys_Who_Like_Boys_(book)=Girls Who Like Boys Who Like Boys (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Say_You_Knew_Me_When=You Can Say You Knew Me When
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_Saga:_The_Official_Illustrated_Guide=The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Cup=The Blue Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackberry_Wine=Blackberry Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohazzabul_Lughat_India=Mohazzabul Lughat India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness_Before_Dawn=Darkness Before Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_Calpurnia_Tate=The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felicia's_Journey=Felicia's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Switch=Mind Switch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Treasury_of_Foolishly_Forgotten_Americans=A Treasury of Foolishly Forgotten Americans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azemia=Azemia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Your_Home=The Story of Your Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mycelium_Running=Mycelium Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Changelings_(novel)=The Changelings (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inamorata_(novel)=Inamorata (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drop_(Connelly_novel)=The Drop (Connelly novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Observations_(book)=Observations (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inclusion_and_Democracy=Inclusion and Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcatraz_Versus_the_Shattered_Lens=Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponniyin_Selvan=Ponniyin Selvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sideways_Stories_from_Wayside_School=Sideways Stories from Wayside School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theatrical_Novel=Theatrical Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Painted_Caves=The Land of Painted Caves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guernsey_Literary_and_Potato_Peel_Pie_Society=The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna_(book)=Madonna (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Claverings=The Claverings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derek_Fuller_Wrigley=Derek Fuller Wrigley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Big_to_Fail_(book)=Too Big to Fail (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguin_Atlas_of_World_History=The Penguin Atlas of World History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cluny_Brown_(novel)=Cluny Brown (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrivener's_Moon=Scrivener's Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Days=Cold Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threshold_(Morris_novel)=Threshold (Morris novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Territory_(novel)=Trust Territory (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stalk=The Stalk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_I_Loved=What I Loved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_True_History_of_the_Elephant_Man=The True History of the Elephant Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Working_with_the_Hands=Working with the Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Day_for_Up!=Great Day for Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrion_Comfort=Carrion Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maisie_Dobbs_(novel)=Maisie Dobbs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Cool_(book)=The New Cool (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Schools_We_Trust=In Schools We Trust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_All_Maladies=The Emperor of All Maladies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tempus_(novel)=Tempus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virals_(novel)=Virals (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banned_for_Life=Banned for Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salah_Asuhan=Salah Asuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subversia=Subversia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Wings_and_Other_Stories=Golden Wings and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goat,_the_Sofa,_and_Mr._Swami=The Goat, the Sofa, and Mr. Swami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Dervish=Memoirs of a Dervish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strange_Journey_of_Mr_Daldry=The Strange Journey of Mr Daldry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upsurge=Upsurge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Fell,_Detective,_and_Other_Stories=Dr. Fell, Detective, and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Security_Decision_Directive_77=National Security Decision Directive 77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Forest_Hymn=A Forest Hymn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Carvel=Richard Carvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kimia_Khatoon=Kimia Khatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origins_of_the_Urban_Crisis=The Origins of the Urban Crisis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_November_Criminals=The November Criminals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_and_Sex:_What_the_Bible_Really_Says=God and Sex: What the Bible Really Says
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_(novel)=Harbour (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pious_(novel)=Pious (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_Crumb_Series=Fever Crumb Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devoted=Devoted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Start-up_Nation=Start-up Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampireology:_The_True_History_of_the_Fallen=Vampireology: The True History of the Fallen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wie_die_Schlesier_Christen_wurden,_waren_und_sind:_Ein_Beitrag_zur_schlesischen_Kulturgeschichte=Wie die Schlesier Christen wurden, waren und sind: Ein Beitrag zur schlesischen Kulturgeschichte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stones_into_Schools=Stones into Schools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clara's_War=Clara's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee:_A_Dark_History=Coffee: A Dark History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_100_Years=The Next 100 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhammapada_(Radhakrishnan_translation)=Dhammapada (Radhakrishnan translation)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_the_Astral_Plane=A Guide to the Astral Plane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritz_Leiber's_Lankhmar:_The_New_Adventures_of_Fafhrd_and_Gray_Mouser=Fritz Leiber's Lankhmar: The New Adventures of Fafhrd and Gray Mouser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Sun_Campaign_Setting,_Expanded_and_Revised=Dark Sun Campaign Setting, Expanded and Revised
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half-Made_World=The Half-Made World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Metal_Jacket_Diary=Full Metal Jacket Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Person_and_Other_Stories=The First Person and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Leeuw_van_Vlaanderen_(novel)=De Leeuw van Vlaanderen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_Around_the_Sun_(novel)=Ring Around the Sun (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Boone:_The_Abduction=Theodore Boone: The Abduction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Equality_of_Opportunity=Against Equality of Opportunity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Defined=Liberty Defined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Next_Decade_(book)=The Next Decade (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadhrat_Ahmad=Hadhrat Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Revolution:_A_Global_War=The American Revolution: A Global War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1635:_The_Tangled_Web=1635: The Tangled Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaires=The Millionaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Makes_the_Rivers_to_Flow=God Makes the Rivers to Flow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modernist_Cuisine=Modernist Cuisine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Will_Run_the_Frog_Hospital%3F=Who Will Run the Frog Hospital?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackals_(1994)=Jackals (1994)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wind_on_the_Moon=The Wind on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_the_Great_Dominion=Songs of the Great Dominion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Housing_Boom_and_Bust=The Housing Boom and Bust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NAMA_Mia!=NAMA Mia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_the_Dugout=The Man in the Dugout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pretty_Little_Liars_(book)=Pretty Little Liars (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1636:_The_Saxon_Uprising=1636: The Saxon Uprising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throne_of_a_Thousand_Years=Throne of a Thousand Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Nations=The Law of Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verukal=Verukal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imperial_Cruise=The Imperial Cruise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viddikalude_Swargam=Viddikalude Swargam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where's_the_Birth_Certificate%3F=Where's the Birth Certificate?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highest_Duty:_My_Search_for_What_Really_Matters=Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1844=Three Upbuilding Discourses, 1844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Development_Report_2011=The World Development Report 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Money_and_Power=Money and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Taste_of_Blackberries=A Taste of Blackberries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellbent_for_Cooking=Hellbent for Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_bin_Laden=Growing Up bin Laden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roots_of_the_Mountains=The Roots of the Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obama_Story=The Obama Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Field_Guide_to_the_Birds_of_Australia_(Simpson_&_Day)=Field Guide to the Birds of Australia (Simpson & Day)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thieves'_Labyrinth=The Thieves' Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gitaramayanam=Gitaramayanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Protest_Psychosis=The Protest Psychosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Cups_of_Deceit=Three Cups of Deceit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srisitaramasuprabhatam=Srisitaramasuprabhatam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rithian_Terror=The Rithian Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsters:_History's_Most_Evil_Men_and_Women=Monsters: History's Most Evil Men and Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollow_Man_(Harris_novel)=The Hollow Man (Harris novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlas_Coelestis=Atlas Coelestis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lords_of_Strategy=The Lords of Strategy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanksgiving_(novel)=Thanksgiving (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Images_of_Organization=Images of Organization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gathering_(Armstrong_novel)=The Gathering (Armstrong novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Morning,_Holy_Spirit=Good Morning, Holy Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Lucha_Libre=The World of Lucha Libre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andymon=Andymon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Slater_Field_Guide_to_Australian_Birds=The Slater Field Guide to Australian Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Mists_of_Doom=Conan and the Mists of Doom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mommy's_Little_Girl=Mommy's Little Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seryozha_(novel)=Seryozha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comforters=The Comforters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragons_of_Krynn=The Dragons of Krynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wither_(Passarella_novel)=Wither (Passarella novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wither_(DeStefano_novel)=Wither (DeStefano novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_Ordinary_Madness_(book)=Tales of Ordinary Madness (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erections,_Ejaculations,_Exhibitions,_and_General_Tales_of_Ordinary_Madness=Erections, Ejaculations, Exhibitions, and General Tales of Ordinary Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakfast_with_Buddha=Breakfast with Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawprints_of_Katrina=Pawprints of Katrina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_China_Rules_the_World=When China Rules the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Senhor_da_Chuva=O Senhor da Chuva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_Saigon=The Man from Saigon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Soul_a_Star=Every Soul a Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Reckoning_(novel)=Dead Reckoning (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_the_Fuck_to_Sleep=Go the Fuck to Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Z213:_Exit=Z213: Exit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2030_(novel)=2030 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_They_Came_for_Me=Then They Came for Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_We_Stand_(novel)=United We Stand (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badai_Pasti_Berlalu_(novel)=Badai Pasti Berlalu (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Os_Sete=Os Sete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Chameleons_and_Gods=Of Chameleons and Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arundhati_(epic)=Arundhati (epic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principia_philosophiae_cartesianae=Principia philosophiae cartesianae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucinda_Pierce_Mystery_series=Lucinda Pierce Mystery series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossypants=Bossypants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colossus_of_Maroussi=The Colossus of Maroussi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_from_the_USSR_and_Other_Plays=The Man from the USSR and Other Plays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Withering_Tights=Withering Tights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Born=Forest Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemima_J=Jemima J
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Testament_of_the_Holy_Bible=The Final Testament of the Holy Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiassa=Tiassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_City=Zoo City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lotus_Eaters_(novel)=The Lotus Eaters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant:_Death_Bringer=Skulduggery Pleasant: Death Bringer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Fool=God's Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponni_(novel)=Ponni (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(Green_novel)=Spellbound (Green novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Basement_of_the_Ivory_Tower=In the Basement of the Ivory Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Failure_in_the_Saddle=Failure in the Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_(Monir_novel)=Timeless (Monir novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_Under_Ground=Move Under Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Information:_A_History,_a_Theory,_a_Flood=The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Talking=No Talking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Credit=Extra Credit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock_Holmes:_Black_Ice=Young Sherlock Holmes: Black Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaching_as_Leadership=Teaching as Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joshuan's_Almanac_&_Book_of_Facts=Joshuan's Almanac & Book of Facts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleric's_Challenge_II=Cleric's Challenge II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Secrets_of_Ariya=Player's Secrets of Ariya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_Lords_of_the_Last_Sea=Mind Lords of the Last Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forged_of_Darkness=Forged of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windriders_of_the_Jagged_Cliffs=Windriders of the Jagged Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Key_(module)=The Silver Key (module)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors_and_Priests_of_the_Realms=Warriors and Priests of the Realms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neither_Man_nor_Beast=Neither Man nor Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_Hunger=Reality Hunger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetheart_of_the_Templar_From_the_Valley_of_Rephaim=The Sweetheart of the Templar From the Valley of Rephaim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_One_Left=The Last One Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusions_(Pike_novel)=Illusions (Pike novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahead_of_Time=Ahead of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Trabajos_de_Persiles_y_Sigismunda=Los Trabajos de Persiles y Sigismunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_for_Christa_T.=The Quest for Christa T.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Fire_(novel)=City of Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George's_Cosmic_Treasure_Hunt=George's Cosmic Treasure Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nabou=Nabou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rare_Benedictine:_The_Advent_of_Brother_Cadfael=A Rare Benedictine: The Advent of Brother Cadfael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Anne,_She_Said,_Anne_Frank=My Name Is Anne, She Said, Anne Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mini_Shopaholic=Mini Shopaholic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winning_in_Emerging_Markets=Winning in Emerging Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_Blood=Troll Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_34_(novel)=Rule 34 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Children's_Books_You_Must_Read_Before_You_Grow_Up=1001 Children's Books You Must Read Before You Grow Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Songs=The Dream Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_of_the_Future=Physics of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Image:_America's_Empire_in_the_Philippines=In Our Image: America's Empire in the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(Banville_novel)=Eclipse (Banville novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Dark_of_the_Moon:_The_Junior_Novel=Transformers: Dark of the Moon: The Junior Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berge_Meere_und_Giganten=Berge Meere und Giganten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torment_(novel)=Torment (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuclear_Time=Nuclear Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Mirdad=The Book of Mirdad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwork_Angel=Clockwork Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Primordial_Emotions=The Primordial Emotions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traitor's_Emblem=The Traitor's Emblem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mathematical_Magpie=The Mathematical Magpie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Love:_Straight_Answers_from_America's_Most_Popular_Sex_Columnist=Savage Love: Straight Answers from America's Most Popular Sex Columnist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycles_of_Time=Cycles of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rachel_Ray_(novel)=Rachel Ray (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_and_Spaceships=Angels and Spaceships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moses_Expedition=The Moses Expedition
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Line_to_Tomorrow=Line to Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion_(Kate_novel)=Passion (Kate novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_Women_Counted=If Women Counted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kid:_What_Happened_After_My_Boyfriend_and_I_Decided_to_Go_Get_Pregnant=The Kid: What Happened After My Boyfriend and I Decided to Go Get Pregnant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vespertine=The Vespertine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles_of_Courage:_Very_Special_Artists=Chronicles of Courage: Very Special Artists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kafka's_Soup=Kafka's Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_General=The King's General
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Education=Real Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commitment:_Love,_Sex,_Marriage,_and_My_Family=The Commitment: Love, Sex, Marriage, and My Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Married_Wyatt_Earp=I Married Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sesame_Street_Dictionary=The Sesame Street Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sartre's_Sink=Sartre's Sink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_All_Possible_Worlds=Of All Possible Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred_Thousand_Kingdoms=The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_Gets_Better:_Coming_Out,_Overcoming_Bullying,_and_Creating_a_Life_Worth_Living=It Gets Better: Coming Out, Overcoming Bullying, and Creating a Life Worth Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_All_Enemies_(novel)=Against All Enemies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fil_and_Filippa:_Story_of_Child_Life_in_the_Philippines=Fil and Filippa: Story of Child Life in the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indigenous_Peoples_in_International_Law=Indigenous Peoples in International Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantissa_(novel)=Mantissa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guide_to_the_Lakes=Guide to the Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Goes_There%3F_and_Other_Stories=Who Goes There? and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1635:_The_Eastern_Front=1635: The Eastern Front
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machine_of_Death=Machine of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Mind=The Science of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/React_(book)=React (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_Joy=Dreams of Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Lover_(novel)=The Great Lover (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Titans_(novel)=The Titans (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warriors_(Jakes_novel)=The Warriors (Jakes novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawless_(novel)=The Lawless (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americans_(novel)=The Americans (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steerswoman=The Steerswoman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Behind_the_Plough=The Man Behind the Plough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Kingdoms=The Broken Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Arseniev=The Life of Arseniev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Action_for_Slander_(novel)=Action for Slander (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Served_the_King_of_England=I Served the King of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cap_(book)=Red Cap (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mga_Anak-Bukid=Mga Anak-Bukid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miscellaneous_Babylonian_Inscriptions=Miscellaneous Babylonian Inscriptions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Louisa's_Nursery_Favourite=Aunt Louisa's Nursery Favourite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/May_Pagsinta'y_Walang_Puso=May Pagsinta'y Walang Puso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sampagitang_Walang_Bango=Sampagitang Walang Bango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stops_of_Various_Quills=Stops of Various Quills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wake_of_the_Lorelei_Lee=The Wake of the Lorelei Lee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Wrath=King's Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aunt_Louisa's_Bible_Picture_Book=Aunt Louisa's Bible Picture Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oakdale_Affair_and_The_Rider=The Oakdale Affair and The Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrative_of_John_Smith=The Narrative of John Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gait_Analysis:_Normal_and_Pathological_Function=Gait Analysis: Normal and Pathological Function
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Changes=Small Changes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greater_Journey=The Greater Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robopocalypse=Robopocalypse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oakdale_Affair=The Oakdale Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Flag:_Two_Centuries_of_Concord_&_Conflict=The American Flag: Two Centuries of Concord & Conflict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott-King's_Modern_Europe=Scott-King's Modern Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demonic:_How_the_Liberal_Mob_Is_Endangering_America=Demonic: How the Liberal Mob Is Endangering America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glorious_Way_to_Die=A Glorious Way to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snottle=The Snottle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Na'ima_B._Robert=Na'ima B. Robert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Ook_and_Gluk:_Kung-Fu_Cavemen_from_the_Future=The Adventures of Ook and Gluk: Kung-Fu Cavemen from the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_Will_Not_Be_Microwaved=The Revolution Will Not Be Microwaved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hanging_Garden_(White_novel)=The Hanging Garden (White novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starburst_(Alfred_Bester)=Starburst (Alfred Bester)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunger_(Kessler_novel)=Hunger (Kessler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_an_Odd_Note=On an Odd Note
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primetime_Propaganda=Primetime Propaganda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(Kessler_novel)=Rage (Kessler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seesaw_(novel)=Seesaw (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Don't_Know_Me_(novel)=You Don't Know Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbatical:_A_Romance=Sabbatical: A Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Nate:_In_a_Class_by_Himself=Big Nate: In a Class by Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Going_Was_Good=When the Going Was Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Time_Like_Tomorrow=No Time Like Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Silk=The House of Silk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Matter_of_Death_and_Life=A Matter of Death and Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinaglahuan=Pinaglahuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Mestisa=Ang Mestisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busabos_ng_Palad=Busabos ng Palad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liar_(novel)=Liar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Master's_Kit=Dungeon Master's Kit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much_Money=Too Much Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_of_the_Angels=The Empire of the Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jirel_of_Joiry_(collection)=Jirel of Joiry (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dream_Master_(German_novel)=The Dream Master (German novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Kills_Man=Boy Kills Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Pediatric_Heart_Sounds=Understanding Pediatric Heart Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Hurrah_of_the_Golden_Horde=The Last Hurrah of the Golden Horde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afterlife_(Gray_novel)=Afterlife (Gray novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Ngalan_ng_Diyos=Sa Ngalan ng Diyos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Lung_Sounds=Understanding Lung Sounds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Advanced_Programming_in_the_Unix_Environment=Advanced Programming in the Unix Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_of_Oz_(book)=Dorothy of Oz (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Cat_(book)=White Cat (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Glove_(book)=Red Glove (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wannsee_House_and_the_Holocaust=Wannsee House and the Holocaust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Sings_the_Blues_(book)=Lady Sings the Blues (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_Cabin_Fever=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Cabin Fever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Always_Hiding=Always Hiding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cube_Root_of_Uncertainty=The Cube Root of Uncertainty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Ares=Operation Ares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charcuterie:_The_Craft_of_Salting,_Smoking_and_Curing=Charcuterie: The Craft of Salting, Smoking and Curing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronopolis_and_Other_Stories=Chronopolis and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whole_Beast=The Whole Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passion:_An_Essay_on_Personality=Passion: An Essay on Personality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Dimensions_1=New Dimensions 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Pocket:_And_Other_SF_Stories=In the Pocket: And Other SF Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Remarkable_Exploits_of_Lancelot_Biggs,_Spaceman=The Remarkable Exploits of Lancelot Biggs, Spaceman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Work_(Glavinic_novel)=Night Work (Glavinic novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Smoke=River of Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stochastic_Resonance_(book)=Stochastic Resonance (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Singsing_ng_Dalagang_Marmol=Ang Singsing ng Dalagang Marmol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madaling_Araw=Madaling Araw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Metallic_Muse=The Metallic Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luha_ng_Babae=Luha ng Babae
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Proof=Crash Proof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_an_Economy_Grows_and_Why_It_Crashes=How an Economy Grows and Why It Crashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Sin,_and_Zen=Sex, Sin, and Zen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gnome_There_Was=A Gnome There Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sons_of_Avalon_Saga=The Sons of Avalon Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_Masili:_Ang_Pinuno_ng_Tulisan=Juan Masili: Ang Pinuno ng Tulisan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feed_(Grant_novel)=Feed (Grant novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Tala_sa_Panghulo=Ang Tala sa Panghulo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fly-fisher's_Entomology=The Fly-fisher's Entomology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Haffner's_Love_of_the_Draw=Carl Haffner's Love of the Draw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Long,_See_You_Tomorrow=So Long, See You Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ipaghiganti_Mo_Ako...!=Ipaghiganti Mo Ako...!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_a_Life_(memoir)=Half a Life (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Centauri_Device=The Centauri Device
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_Tundo_Man_May_Langit_Din=Ang Tundo Man May Langit Din
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Collector_(novel)=The Bone Collector (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Brown_Bushrat=Little Brown Bushrat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gambara_(short_story)=Gambara (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massimilla_Doni=Massimilla Doni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Proscrits=Les Proscrits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zulu_Hart=Zulu Hart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canal_de_la_Reina=Canal de la Reina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_of_Glass=Princess of Glass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Angle=The Human Angle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overcoming_Life's_Disappointments=Overcoming Life's Disappointments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Deadman_Dance=That Deadman Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defending_the_Devil=Defending the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dry_Valley_(novel)=Dry Valley (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Cabinet_des_Antiques=Le Cabinet des Antiques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vieille_Fille_(novel)=La Vieille Fille (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Micro_(novel)=Micro (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Youcat=Youcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Short_Stories_2010=The Best American Short Stories 2010
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anino_ng_Kahapon=Anino ng Kahapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Impression=False Impression
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Hope_Like_Heck=I Hope Like Heck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Although_of_Course_You_End_Up_Becoming_Yourself=Although of Course You End Up Becoming Yourself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Moon_(novel)=Carolina Moon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ang_mga_Anak_Dalita=Ang mga Anak Dalita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maganda_pa_ang_Daigdig=Maganda pa ang Daigdig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daluyong=Daluyong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annabel_(Winter_novel)=Annabel (Winter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zucchini_Warriors=The Zucchini Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_South_African_Birds=Our South African Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Dale=Van Dale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Angel=Angel Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler_Sites=Hitler Sites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_and_Emily=Alfred and Emily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweetest_Dream=The Sweetest Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glaring_Through_Oblivion=Glaring Through Oblivion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_in_the_Bright_Sky=The Stars in the Bright Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roots_of_Reference=The Roots of Reference
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Wild_(module)=Something Wild (module)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Roele=The Sword of Roele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Secrets_of_Binsada=Player's Secrets of Binsada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_of_Thieves_(accessory)=Den of Thieves (accessory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_House:_The_Death_of_Rudolph_van_Richten=Bleak House: The Death of Rudolph van Richten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Secrets_of_Baruk-Azhik=Player's Secrets of Baruk-Azhik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Secrets_of_Halskapa=Player's Secrets of Halskapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psionic_Artifacts_of_Athas=Psionic Artifacts of Athas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legends_of_the_Hero-Kings=Legends of the Hero-Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Secrets_of_Khourane=Player's Secrets of Khourane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undermountain:_Maddgoth's_Castle=Undermountain: Maddgoth's Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labor_Day_(novel)=Labor Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Nagas=The Secret of the Nagas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_de_koele_meren_des_doods=Van de koele meren des doods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sementes_no_Gelo=Sementes no Gelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paperboy_(novel)=The Paperboy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fly_Fishing_(book)=Fly Fishing (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Cool_as_I_Am=As Cool as I Am
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairyland_(series)=Fairyland (series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Social_Freedom=On Social Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Economics=Poor Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Secret_Life_(book)=A Secret Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khufu's_Wisdom=Khufu's Wisdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Next_What's_In=Next What's In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diablo_III:_Book_of_Cain=Diablo III: Book of Cain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impro:_Improvisation_and_the_Theatre=Impro: Improvisation and the Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robots_and_Changelings=Robots and Changelings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titser=Titser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fault_in_Our_Stars=The Fault in Our Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_This_World_(Leinster_book)=Out of This World (Leinster book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_in_Space=Double in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathfinder_(novel)=Pathfinder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_&_Britannia=Columbia & Britannia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Land_Lay_Still=And the Land Lay Still
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Driver=My Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astounding_Science_Fiction_Anthology=The Astounding Science Fiction Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Declaration_of_Independents=The Declaration of Independents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyeurs_&_Savages=Voyeurs & Savages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Sad_Republic=My Sad Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Whom_the_World_was_Not_Worthy=Of Whom the World was Not Worthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Moon_Tonight=No Moon Tonight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireflood_and_Other_Stories=Fireflood and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Embarrassment_of_Riches=An Embarrassment of Riches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incognito:_The_Secret_Lives_of_the_Brain=Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politics_of_Nonviolent_Action=The Politics of Nonviolent Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radium,_and_other_radioactive_substances=Radium, and other radioactive substances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitya's_Love=Mitya's Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_by_China=Death by China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Lives_of_the_Three_Tenors=The Private Lives of the Three Tenors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Richmond=Castle Richmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Kayak=Red Kayak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Wonder_(anthology)=World of Wonder (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actual_air=Actual air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Doomed=We Are Doomed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_HAB_Theory=The HAB Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Dexter=Double Dexter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Culture,_What's_Left_of_It=Our Culture, What's Left of It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pools_of_Darkness_(novel)=Pools of Darkness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solstice_Wood=Solstice Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Never_Get_Out_of_This_World_Alive_(novel)=I'll Never Get Out of This World Alive (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harimau!_Harimau!=Harimau! Harimau!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Wonder=Children of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jalan_Tak_Ada_Ujung=Jalan Tak Ada Ujung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburbia_(book)=Suburbia (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_a_Load_of_This_(book)=Get a Load of This (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusty_Answer=Dusty Answer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hypnotist_(novel)=The Hypnotist (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordens_herrar=Jordens herrar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science-Fiction_Adventures_in_Dimension=Science-Fiction Adventures in Dimension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masters_(novel)=The Masters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richard_Temple_(novel)=Richard Temple (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recovery_Road=Recovery Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_at_Stony_Wood=The Tower at Stony Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desperate_Characters_(novel)=Desperate Characters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ring_of_Fire_III=Ring of Fire III
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Rich_Click=Get Rich Click
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magician's_End=Magician's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Untold_Story_(novel)=Untold Story (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telangana:_The_State_of_Affairs=Telangana: The State of Affairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cursed_Days=Cursed Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Water=This Is Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_Forward_(anthology)=Looking Forward (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Beautiful_Friendship_(novel)=A Beautiful Friendship (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_the_Half-Great=Finn the Half-Great
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Authentic_Life_of_Billy,_the_Kid=The Authentic Life of Billy, the Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traction_City_(novella)=Traction City (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mirror_for_Observers=A Mirror for Observers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Garden_of_Beasts=In the Garden of Beasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Improved_Sun=The New Improved Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighters_from_Mars=Fighters from Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Song_for_Lya=A Song for Lya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Infinity_Box=The Infinity Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asylum_(McGrath_novel)=Asylum (McGrath novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_&_Thunder:_The_Life_&_Art_of_Robert_E._Howard=Blood & Thunder: The Life & Art of Robert E. Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Evening_of_Long_Goodbyes=An Evening of Long Goodbyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Painted_Garden=The Painted Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Exultant_Ark=The Exultant Ark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varieties_of_Capitalism=Varieties of Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promise:_President_Obama,_Year_One=The Promise: President Obama, Year One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertical_(novel)=Vertical (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Dominion=The Bourne Dominion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bippolo_Seed_and_Other_Lost_Stories=The Bippolo Seed and Other Lost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transcendence:_Healing_and_Transformation_Through_Transcendental_Meditation=Transcendence: Healing and Transformation Through Transcendental Meditation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destination:_Universe!=Destination: Universe!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Someday_Funnies=The Someday Funnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Wicked,_Wicked_Ways=My Wicked, Wicked Ways
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Megaprojects_and_Risk=Megaprojects and Risk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enterprise_of_Law=The Enterprise of Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recollections_of_a_Bleeding_Heart=Recollections of a Bleeding Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfinished_Business:_Paul_Keating's_Interrupted_Revolution=Unfinished Business: Paul Keating's Interrupted Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mamba_Boy=Black Mamba Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suicide_(novel)=Suicide (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Closing_of_the_Western_Mind=The Closing of the Western Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Petrified_Planet=The Petrified Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(2011_collection)=Conan the Barbarian (2011 collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Barbarian_(2011_novel)=Conan the Barbarian (2011 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Nijinsky=The Art of Nijinsky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Canaan's_Side=On Canaan's Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men,_Microscopes,_and_Living_Things=Men, Microscopes, and Living Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/@earth=@earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamil_Tigress=Tamil Tigress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalangitan=Kalangitan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Switched_(Amanda_Hocking_book)=Switched (Amanda Hocking book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Christmas=One Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_(novel)=Revolution (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dictionary_of_Slang_and_Unconventional_English=A Dictionary of Slang and Unconventional English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_Plot=The Marriage Plot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Princess_(novel)=The Ice Princess (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fancies_and_Goodnights=Fancies and Goodnights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbit_1=Orbit 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contesting_the_Future_of_Nuclear_Power=Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Russian_Concubine=The Russian Concubine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taste_of_New_Wine=The Taste of New Wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Returns_to_the_Floating_World=She Returns to the Floating World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_of_Man_and_Woman_(collection)=Born of Man and Woman (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginning_of_Infinity=The Beginning of Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nedjma=Nedjma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_Six=The Power of Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Promised_Land_(autobiography)=The Promised Land (autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torn_(Hocking_novel)=Torn (Hocking novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unlikely_Voyage_of_Jack_de_Crow=The Unlikely Voyage of Jack de Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Stanley_G._Weinbaum=The Best of Stanley G. Weinbaum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Form_at_St._Clare's=The Sixth Form at St. Clare's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthgrip=Earthgrip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Good_Turn_(novel)=One Good Turn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Texas-Israeli_War:_1999=The Texas-Israeli War: 1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tip_and_Trade=Tip and Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethical_Oil:_The_Case_for_Canada's_Oil_Sands=Ethical Oil: The Case for Canada's Oil Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Pound_Tram=The Two Pound Tram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Time_Dead_(Torchwood)=Long Time Dead (Torchwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Desperado=American Desperado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rider=The Rider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Scientology:_The_Story_of_America's_Most_Secretive_Religion=Inside Scientology: The Story of America's Most Secretive Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychopath_Test=The Psychopath Test
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human%3F=Human?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science,_Order,_and_Creativity=Science, Order, and Creativity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction_Adventures_in_Mutation=Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fat_Years=The Fat Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fizz_(novel)=Fizz (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_of_Reality=The Magic of Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Presidenta=La Presidenta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azab_dan_Sengsara=Azab dan Sengsara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_the_Worlds=The War of the Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician_King=The Magician King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Amusement=The Savage Amusement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deathmasques=Deathmasques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Seed=The Medusa Seed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dread_Dominion=Dread Dominion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundredfold_Problem=The Hundredfold Problem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cursed_Earth_Asylum=Cursed Earth Asylum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreddlocked=Dreddlocked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silencer_(Judge_Dredd_novel)=Silencer (Judge Dredd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wetworks_(Judge_Dredd_novel)=Wetworks (Judge Dredd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salon_Fantastique=Salon Fantastique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitti_Nurbaya=Sitti Nurbaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fed_Up!_(book)=Fed Up! (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_the_Maze_(novel)=Masters of the Maze (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psykogeddon=Psykogeddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_Yachting=The Romance of Yachting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_of_War:_Coalition's_End=Gears of War: Coalition's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Praise_of_Idleness_and_Other_Essays=In Praise of Idleness and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media_Piracy_in_Emerging_Economies=Media Piracy in Emerging Economies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_Marco_Polo_Go_to_China%3F=Did Marco Polo Go to China?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumours_of_Rain=Rumours of Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginings_of_Sand=Imaginings of Sand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Moon_Rising_(Judge_Dredd_novel)=Bad Moon Rising (Judge Dredd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_the_Blind=Kingdom of the Blind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gears_of_War:_The_Slab=Gears of War: The Slab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dredd_Vs_Death=Dredd Vs Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cutting_Room_(novel)=The Cutting Room (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Cut_(Judge_Dredd_novel)=The Final Cut (Judge Dredd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Atlantic=Black Atlantic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_(Judge_Dredd_novel)=Eclipse (Judge Dredd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteout_(Judge_Dredd_novel)=Whiteout (Judge Dredd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby-Sitting_Is_a_Dangerous_Job=Baby-Sitting Is a Dangerous Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Cryptum=Halo: Cryptum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_divorce=After the divorce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swine_Fever_(Judge_Dredd_novel)=Swine Fever (Judge Dredd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Universe_(novel)=Across the Universe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Omen_Machine=The Omen Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Stories=The Lost Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Modern_Reader's_Japanese-English_Character_Dictionary=The Modern Reader's Japanese-English Character Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Orkney_Literature=The History of Orkney Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stands_a_Shadow=Stands a Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oath_of_the_Vayuputras=The Oath of the Vayuputras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkers_(novel)=Walkers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintana_Roo_(novel)=Quintana Roo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_That_Chelsea_Handler_Told_Me=Lies That Chelsea Handler Told Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_(Momen_play)=Nemesis (Momen play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Even_(Woody_Allen)=Getting Even (Woody Allen)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(book)=Shattered (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarzan:_The_Greystoke_Legacy=Tarzan: The Greystoke Legacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_P._Savas=Theodore P. Savas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Borrowers_Afloat=The Borrowers Afloat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Electricities=Other Electricities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantasia_Mathematica=Fantasia Mathematica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys'_Love_Manga=Boys' Love Manga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botany_in_a_Day=Botany in a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyracers=Boyracers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_German_Tragic_Drama=The Origin of German Tragic Drama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Memory=My Name Is Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant_Under_The_Snow=The Giant Under The Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India's_Global_Powerhouses=India's Global Powerhouses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nonviolence:_The_History_of_a_Dangerous_Idea=Nonviolence: The History of a Dangerous Idea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Son=Strange Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_Kalahari=Cry of the Kalahari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_of_the_Mormons%3F=What of the Mormons?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ship_of_Ishtar=The Ship of Ishtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Totality_and_Infinity=Totality and Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Is_for_Real=Heaven Is for Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O_Terceiro_Travesseiro=O Terceiro Travesseiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vicar_of_Bullhampton=The Vicar of Bullhampton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matched=Matched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delirium_(Lauren_Oliver_novel)=Delirium (Lauren Oliver novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossed_(novel)=Crossed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Color_(book)=Local Color (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_Demons_(Desrochers_novel)=Personal Demons (Desrochers novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glamour_Chase=The Glamour Chase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinder_(novel)=Cinder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tree_of_Night_and_Other_Stories=A Tree of Night and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullmann's_Encyclopedia_of_Industrial_Chemistry=Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_I_Go_to_Sleep=Before I Go to Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Iron_Tooth=The Iron Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_the_Invisible_Sun=The Power of the Invisible Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hours_of_Saint-Omer=Hours of Saint-Omer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planet_on_the_Table=The Planet on the Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walt_Disney's_Story_Land:_55_Favorite_Stories=Walt Disney's Story Land: 55 Favorite Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_Goes_on_a_Diet=Maggie Goes on a Diet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chilling_Stars=The Chilling Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Renegade=Conan the Renegade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Unconquered=Conan the Unconquered
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Free_Lance=Conan the Free Lance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Treasure_of_Python=Conan and the Treasure of Python
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Amazon=Conan and the Amazon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Raider=Conan the Raider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_51:_An_Uncensored_History_of_America's_Top_Secret_Military_Base=Area 51: An Uncensored History of America's Top Secret Military Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Used_to_Be_Us=That Used to Be Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Page_by_Jimmy_Page=Jimmy Page by Jimmy Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_(William_Safire_novel)=Freedom (William Safire novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self-Constitution=Self-Constitution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorers_of_the_New_Century=Explorers of the New Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_the_Z80=Programming the Z80
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screwtop_Thompson=Screwtop Thompson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ready_Player_One=Ready Player One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab_Har_Shaam_Niraali_Hogi=Ab Har Shaam Niraali Hogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Familiars_(novel)=The Familiars (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird's_Shadow=Bird's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Articles_of_Faith_(Talmage)=Articles of Faith (Talmage)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Apostasy_(book)=The Great Apostasy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Rush=The Ultimate Rush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathematics:_The_Loss_of_Certainty=Mathematics: The Loss of Certainty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Space_Viking=The Last Space Viking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magnificent_Nose_and_Other_Marvels=The Magnificent Nose and Other Marvels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_My_Time:_A_Personal_and_Political_Memoir=In My Time: A Personal and Political Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_See_'Round_Corners=You Can't See 'Round Corners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_is_Not_a_Dinner_Party=Revolution is Not a Dinner Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Snobs=The Book of Snobs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jazz_Theory_Book=The Jazz Theory Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Stagnation=The Great Stagnation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_50_Most_Extreme_Places_in_Our_Solar_System=The 50 Most Extreme Places in Our Solar System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Russian_State_from_Gostomysl_to_Timashev=History of the Russian State from Gostomysl to Timashev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Firm_a_Foundation_(novel)=How Firm a Foundation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenny_(novel)=Jenny (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaaren=Vaaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Absolutely_American=Absolutely American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traces_of_Catastrophe=Traces of Catastrophe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_by_the_Tail_and_Other_Science_Fiction_Stories=Tiger by the Tail and Other Science Fiction Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_and_the_Witch=The Wizard and the Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Appeal_from_the_New_to_the_Old_Whigs=An Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperial_(book)=Imperial (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction_Inventions=Science Fiction Inventions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ill_Met_by_Moonlight=Ill Met by Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_Animals=The Lives of Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Night_Knows=What the Night Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Incident_at_Krechetovka_Station=An Incident at Krechetovka Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reamde=Reamde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagger:_Rebel,_Rock_Star,_Rambler,_Rogue=Jagger: Rebel, Rock Star, Rambler, Rogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie:_A_Biography=Bowie: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Much,_Too_Late=Too Much, Too Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Got_the_Neutron_Bomb=We Got the Neutron Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/E_for_Effort=E for Effort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classic_Volkswagens=Classic Volkswagens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Reich_(novel)=The Third Reich (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Years_of_Red_Dust=Years of Red Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Lily_(Mead_novel)=The Golden Lily (Mead novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tres_(poetry_collection)=Tres (poetry collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Manhunters=Conan and the Manhunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Bold=Conan the Bold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Rogue=Conan the Rogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Marauder=Conan the Marauder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Champion=Conan the Champion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Laci=For Laci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom_of_Our_Fathers=Wisdom of Our Fathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_on_Their_Birthdays_(short_story)=Children on Their Birthdays (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founders_at_Work=Founders at Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirates_of_the_Caribbean:_The_Price_of_Freedom=Pirates of the Caribbean: The Price of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casual_peeps_at_Sophia=Casual peeps at Sophia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Fielding=The Art of Fielding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Wheel_(novel)=The Dark Wheel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sengsara_Membawa_Nikmat=Sengsara Membawa Nikmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Well-Spoken_Thesaurus=The Well-Spoken Thesaurus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Medusa_Frequency=The Medusa Frequency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deportees_and_Other_Stories=The Deportees and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terror_and_Liberalism=Terror and Liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnatakada_Haridasaru=Karnatakada Haridasaru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilarity_Ensues=Hilarity Ensues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Travel_Guide_for_Tops_and_Bottoms=The Gay Travel Guide for Tops and Bottoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flight_from_Woman=The Flight from Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upworldly_Mobile=Upworldly Mobile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Oath=Dragon's Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wonderful_O=The Wonderful O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aborting_America=Aborting America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/4_a.m._(novel)=4 a.m. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fat_Kid_Rules_the_World=Fat Kid Rules the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Red_Cap_(poem)=Little Red Cap (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Valorous=Conan the Valorous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_of_Venarium=Conan of Venarium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Notes_of_Dirty_Old_Man=More Notes of Dirty Old Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God,_No!=God, No!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Emerald_Lotus=Conan and the Emerald Lotus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Time_in_the_World_(book)=All the Time in the World (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenska_smer=Slovenska smer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_China=On China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Marriage_for_White_People%3F=Is Marriage for White People?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_and_the_City=Summer and the City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_River=Highland River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Art_and_Old_Hector=Young Art and Old Hector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Masters_of_Solitude=The Masters of Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Grim_Grey_God=Conan and the Grim Grey God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Shaman's_Curse=Conan and the Shaman's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kellys_and_the_O'Kellys=The Kellys and the O'Kellys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan,_Scourge_of_the_Bloody_Coast=Conan, Scourge of the Bloody Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James_Encyclopedia_of_Popular_Culture=St. James Encyclopedia of Popular Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantis_(novel)=Atlantis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Litigators=The Litigators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragedy_of_Hyderabad_(book)=Tragedy of Hyderabad (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Moon_Forgot=When the Moon Forgot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Speeding_Youth=Like a Speeding Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fear_(Higson_novel)=The Fear (Higson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedaling_Revolution=Pedaling Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/About_Chekhov=About Chekhov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Door=Triple Door
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1493:_Uncovering_the_New_World_Columbus_Created=1493: Uncovering the New World Columbus Created
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portions_from_a_Wine-stained_Notebook:_Short_Stories_and_Essays=Portions from a Wine-stained Notebook: Short Stories and Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gareth_L._Powell=Gareth L. Powell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_Eichmann=Hunting Eichmann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unfamiliar_Fishes=Unfamiliar Fishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonwalking_with_Einstein=Moonwalking with Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusader_Gold=Crusader Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighting_Fascism_in_Europe=Fighting Fascism in Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrot_Carrot=Parrot Carrot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_without_a_tun=Flight without a tun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Gospel_(novel)=The Last Gospel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Isle_of_the_Great_Deep=The Green Isle of the Great Deep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Serebrenni=Prince Serebrenni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Layar_Terkembang=Layar Terkembang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Indomitable=Conan the Indomitable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Defiant=Conan the Defiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Fearless=Conan the Fearless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusion_and_Reality=Illusion and Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drum-Taps=Drum-Taps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Notes_of_a_Dirty_Old_Man=More Notes of a Dirty Old Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiger_Warrior=The Tiger Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_Comes_Trouble:_Stories_from_My_Life=Here Comes Trouble: Stories from My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Classical_Mechanics_(Kibble_and_Berkshire_book)=Classical Mechanics (Kibble and Berkshire book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Join_the_Bar=Join the Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_King's_Ransom=A King's Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afrika_Reich=The Afrika Reich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hare_with_Amber_Eyes=The Hare with Amber Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saman_(novel)=Saman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Spider=The Black Spider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_were_you_last_Pluterday%3F=Where were you last Pluterday?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_the_Soldier=The Return of the Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marching_Men=Marching Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Gate=The Third Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Bodies=Warm Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marked_(House_of_Night_novel)=Marked (House of Night novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mind_of_Its_Own:_A_Cultural_History_of_the_Penis=A Mind of Its Own: A Cultural History of the Penis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlas_of_the_DC_Universe=The Atlas of the DC Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jordan_Rules_(book)=The Jordan Rules (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliath_(Westerfeld_novel)=Goliath (Westerfeld novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rot_&_Ruin=Rot & Ruin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10,000_Dresses=10,000 Dresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayed_(House_of_Night_novel)=Betrayed (House of Night novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Storytellers:_Tales_from_the_Heart_of_Morocco=The Last Storytellers: Tales from the Heart of Morocco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Outlaw=Beautiful Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Dernier_Homme=Le Dernier Homme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abadon_(novel)=Abadon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angie_(novel)=Angie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aritmija_(novel)=Aritmija (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camera_obscura_(novel)=Camera obscura (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobri=Bobri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Con_brio_(novel)=Con brio (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimnazijec_(novel)=Gimnazijec (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gluhota_(novel)=Gluhota (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivan_Erazem_Tatenbah_(novel)=Ivan Erazem Tatenbah (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keopsova_piramida_(novel)=Keopsova piramida (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrtvo_morje_(novel)=Mrtvo morje (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastorek_(novel)=Pastorek (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petelinji_zajtrk_(novel)=Petelinji zajtrk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popkorn_(novel)=Popkorn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_(Janja_Vidmar_novel)=Zoo (Janja Vidmar novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tri_(novel)=Tri (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Legion_(novel)=The Last Legion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Predmestje_(novel)=Predmestje (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkofag_(novel)=Sarkofag (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sveti_Pavel_(novel)=Sveti Pavel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekstant_(novel)=Sekstant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/5_do_12h=5 do 12h
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ata_je_spet_pijan=Ata je spet pijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balerina,_balerina=Balerina, balerina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bela_dama_Devinska=Bela dama Devinska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Car_brez_zaklada=Car brez zaklada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciklamen=Ciklamen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dnevnik_Hiacinte_Novak=Dnevnik Hiacinte Novak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devet_fantov_in_eno_dekle=Devet fantov in eno dekle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Brother=The Tenth Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantje_iz_gline=Fantje iz gline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filio_ni_doma=Filio ni doma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finta_v_levo=Finta v levo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gospodin_Franjo=Gospodin Franjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conqueror_(Baxter_novel)=Conqueror (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navigator_(Baxter_novel)=Navigator (Baxter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me,_I'm_Dr._Ozzy=Trust Me, I'm Dr. Ozzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bed_(book)=Bed (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_2020=Revolution 2020
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Sun_(graphic_novel)=Midnight Sun (graphic novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cage_(Weiss_book)=The Cage (Weiss book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annie_Dunne=Annie Dunne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mask_of_Loki=The Mask of Loki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Living_Dangerously_(novel)=The Year of Living Dangerously (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behavioral_theory_of_the_firm=Behavioral theory of the firm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Is_Young=The Mountain Is Young
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Casa_(novel)=A Casa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chosen_(A_House_of_Night_novel)=Chosen (A House of Night novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Gaga_x_Terry_Richardson=Lady Gaga x Terry Richardson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_and_Transformation_in_Seventeenth-Century_China=Crisis and Transformation in Seventeenth-Century China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footnotes_in_Gaza=Footnotes in Gaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_the_Dead_(Cornwell_novel)=Book of the Dead (Cornwell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_the_City_of_Light=Death in the City of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awakened_(novel)=Awakened (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trondheim_byleksikon=Trondheim byleksikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destined_(Cast_novel)=Destined (Cast novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pastor's_Wife_(book)=The Pastor's Wife (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_Blade:_Awakening=Infinity Blade: Awakening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Circus=The Night Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Exiles=Transformers: Exiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vey:_The_Prisoner_of_Cell_25=Michael Vey: The Prisoner of Cell 25
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Proofreaders'_Page_and_Other_Uncollected_Items=The Proofreaders' Page and Other Uncollected Items
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Feeling_Lucky_(book)=I'm Feeling Lucky (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchantress:_The_Secrets_of_the_Immortal_Nicholas_Flamel=The Enchantress: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Stories=Los Angeles Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Plex=In the Plex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenki_med=Grenki med
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenko_spoznanje=Grenko spoznanje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janov_krik=Janov krik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izpred_kongresa=Izpred kongresa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karfanaum_ali_As_killed=Karfanaum ali As killed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosmati_predsednik=Kosmati predsednik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kri_na_dlaneh=Kri na dlaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledene_magnolije=Ledene magnolije
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leta_milosti=Leta milosti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubezen.si=Ljubezen.si
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubezni_tri_in_ena_smrt=Ljubezni tri in ena smrt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ljubezni_Sinjebradca=Ljubezni Sinjebradca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Med_dvema_stoloma=Med dvema stoloma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menuet_za_kitaro=Menuet za kitaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mladost_na_stopnicah=Mladost na stopnicah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Song_of_the_Quarkbeast=The Song of the Quarkbeast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Avonden=De Avonden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinsey's_Marvin_Bower=McKinsey's Marvin Bower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatja_Grimm's_World=Tatja Grimm's World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rationalists=The Rationalists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartesian_Reflections=Cartesian Reflections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Time=Dragon's Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragongirl=Dragongirl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Months_in_Mexico=Six Months in Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divergent_(novel)=Divergent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postsingular=Postsingular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_Athena=The Mark of Athena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Managing_the_Professional_Service_Firm=Managing the Professional Service Firm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contes_et_nouvelles_en_vers=Contes et nouvelles en vers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Common_Story=A Common Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoughts_for_the_Times_on_War_and_Death=Thoughts for the Times on War and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_Capitalism=Climate Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Sisters_(novel)=Two Sisters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantrap_(novel)=Mantrap (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarantula_(novel)=Tarantula (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanche_on_the_Lam=Blanche on the Lam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fatwa_Girl=The Fatwa Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grounding_of_Group_6=The Grounding of Group 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunter_(Leigh_novel)=The Hunter (Leigh novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitab_Al-Irshad_Ila_Qawati_Al-Adilla_Fi_Usul_Ati_Tiqad=Kitab Al-Irshad Ila Qawati Al-Adilla Fi Usul Ati Tiqad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Work_Is=What Work Is
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siraj_al-Tawarikh=Siraj al-Tawarikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modelland=Modelland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wake_(Robert_J._Sawyer_novel)=Wake (Robert J. Sawyer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_and_Religion_(book)=Sex and Religion (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitori_Kumagai=Hitori Kumagai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_the_Sky=The Children of the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Myung_Moon_and_the_Unification_Church=Sun Myung Moon and the Unification Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acacia:_The_Sacred_Band=Acacia: The Sacred Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steve_Jobs_(book)=Steve Jobs (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Solitude=Beautiful Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_River_(novel)=The Dead River (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practical_Astronomy_with_your_Calculator=Practical Astronomy with your Calculator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverwinter_(novel)=Neverwinter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Uncommon_Story=An Uncommon Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse:_Cubs_Win!_Cubs_Win!_Or_Do_They%3F=The Curse: Cubs Win! Cubs Win! Or Do They?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anxious_Nation=Anxious Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead-Tossed_Waves=The Dead-Tossed Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sense_of_an_Ending=The Sense of an Ending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Barack_and_a_Hard_Place=Between Barack and a Hard Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorblind_(book)=Colorblind (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark_Traveling=A Dark Traveling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matadana=Matadana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmir_Udaas_Hai=Kashmir Udaas Hai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loyal_Traitor=The Loyal Traitor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BCS:_50_Years=BCS: 50 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Precipice_(Ivan_Goncharov)=The Precipice (Ivan Goncharov)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winner-Take-All_Politics=Winner-Take-All Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bridge_to_Neverland=The Bridge to Neverland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roving_Party=The Roving Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_Hall_of_Wonders=Great American Hall of Wonders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Victorious=Conan the Victorious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assignment_in_Tomorrow=Assignment in Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_in_the_Mists=Woman in the Mists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desdemona_(play)=Desdemona (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxe's_Book_of_Martyrs=Foxe's Book of Martyrs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasury_of_Science_Fiction_Classics=The Treasury of Science Fiction Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Non_Serviam_(book)=Non Serviam (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Place_(Priestley)=The Other Place (Priestley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Moo=The Big Moo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Floating_Opera=The Floating Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cageworld_series=Cageworld series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddha_Is_As_Buddha_Does=Buddha Is As Buddha Does
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_Express=Empire Express
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outcasts_(Brotherband)=The Outcasts (Brotherband)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_a_Sunburned_Land=The Heart of a Sunburned Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_over_Eden=Sunset over Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Kind=Another Kind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Fortune=River of Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_in_the_Wind=Whispers in the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moths_(short_story)=The Moths (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waifs_and_Strays_(poetry)=Waifs and Strays (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_to_Stop_This=You Have to Stop This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Emperor_was_Divine=When the Emperor was Divine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Lonigan=Young Lonigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Few_Things_Left_Unsaid=Few Things Left Unsaid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_with_the_X-Ray_Eyes=The Lady with the X-Ray Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Toxic_Spell_Dump=The Case of the Toxic Spell Dump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_Portugallia=The Emperor of Portugallia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacacay_(book)=Bacacay (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Openness=The Age of Openness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Strong_Women=Three Strong Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patience_Stone=The Patience Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Song_(novel)=Alabama Song (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scortas'_Sun=The Scortas' Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecht's_Mistress=Brecht's Mistress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roving_Shadows=The Roving Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trueman_Bradley=Trueman Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead:_Rise_of_the_Governor=The Walking Dead: Rise of the Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excellence_Without_a_Soul=Excellence Without a Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingrid_Caven_(novel)=Ingrid Caven (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'm_Off=I'm Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trading_Secrets=Trading Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India:_The_Emerging_Giant=India: The Emerging Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One-Way=One-Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock_of_Tanios=The Rock of Tanios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timm_Thaler_(novel)=Timm Thaler (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_Being=The Mystery of Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinventing_Fire=Reinventing Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goblin_Gate=The Goblin Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Oz=Out of Oz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nostra_(novel)=Terra Nostra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_(novel)=Outlaw (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India:_The_Rise_of_an_Asian_Giant=India: The Rise of an Asian Giant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/19_Varieties_of_Gazelle=19 Varieties of Gazelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_of_Storms=Mother of Storms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic,_Lost=Republic, Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krishnamacharya:_His_Life_and_Teachings=Krishnamacharya: His Life and Teachings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_'Til_the_End_(book)=Friends 'Til the End (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bread_of_Those_Early_Years_(novel)=The Bread of Those Early Years (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Fire,_A_Still_Small_Voice=After the Fire, A Still Small Voice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cock-A-Doodle-Doo!=Cock-A-Doodle-Doo!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_Paranoia=Children of Paranoia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Warrior=Holy Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Man=King's Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mathematician's_Lament=A Mathematician's Lament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franziska_Linkerhand=Franziska Linkerhand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Killybegs=Return to Killybegs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_the_Clam=The Face of the Clam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revolution_Script=The Revolution Script
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_Ice-Cream_(novel)=The Emperor of Ice-Cream (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colour_of_Blood=The Colour of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician's_Wife=The Magician's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Victorian_Collection=The Great Victorian Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mangan_Inheritance=The Mangan Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temptation_of_Eileen_Hughes=The Temptation of Eileen Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Walks_Into_a_Room=Man Walks Into a Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upside_Down_(book)=Upside Down (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Feast_of_Lupercal=The Feast of Lupercal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possessed_(novel)=Possessed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood_(novel)=Wildwood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Business_Analysis_and_Valuation=Business Analysis and Valuation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Book_of_Memories=A Book of Memories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator:_Fight_for_Freedom=Gladiator: Fight for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Yankee_Station=On the Yankee Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicks_with_Guns=Chicks with Guns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Politics_of_Experience_and_The_Bird_of_Paradise=The Politics of Experience and The Bird of Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unclean_Jobs_for_Women_and_Girls=Unclean Jobs for Women and Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Bankers=13 Bankers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Hearne=Judith Hearne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luck_of_Ginger_Coffey_(novel)=The Luck of Ginger Coffey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Curse_the_River_of_Time=I Curse the River of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Half_Brother=The Half Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwater_(novel)=Blackwater (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Hope_(novel)=The Good Hope (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evil_Machines=Evil Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bu_Bu_Jing_Xin=Bu Bu Jing Xin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_There_(novel)=Being There (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_in_the_Time_of_Foreclosure=Love in the Time of Foreclosure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Fox_(novel)=The Blue Fox (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_the_Living_and_the_Dead=For the Living and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gods_of_Atlantis_(novel)=The Gods of Atlantis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diwan_on_the_Prince_of_Emgion=Diwan on the Prince of Emgion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Time_Top_1000_Albums=All Time Top 1000 Albums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Man_in_Tower=Last Man in Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quelques_Portraits-Sonnets_de_Femmes=Quelques Portraits-Sonnets de Femmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Fukui's_Sake=For Fukui's Sake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alireza=Alireza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achaja=Achaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blinding_(novel)=Blinding (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insurrection_(Young_novel)=Insurrection (Young novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter:_Five_Windows_on_the_Season=Winter: Five Windows on the Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samarkand_(novel)=Samarkand (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whale_Road=The Whale Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Sea=The Wolf Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Adventure=The Valley of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Raven_(novel)=The White Raven (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prow_Beast=The Prow Beast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_Wakes=The Lion Wakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wards_of_Faerie=Wards of Faerie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_My_Father=In Search of My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthill:_A_Novel=Anthill: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bro_(novel)=Bro (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cathedral_Clergy=The Cathedral Clergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Conifers=Encyclopedia of Conifers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_lectures_about_loneliness=Six lectures about loneliness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_Cure=The Death Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alien_Planet_(novel)=Alien Planet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Shades_of_Gray=Between Shades of Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonechka=Sonechka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argumentation_and_Debate=Argumentation and Debate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Falls=Queen of the Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Is_All_(book)=That Is All (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_of_the_Cults=The Kingdom of the Cults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suicide_Shop=The Suicide Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owlknight=Owlknight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fugue_for_a_Darkening_Island=Fugue for a Darkening Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cry_for_Myth=The Cry for Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rathinirvedam_(novel)=Rathinirvedam (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Better_Angels_of_Our_Nature=The Better Angels of Our Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_Kings=Death of Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerskin_(novel)=Deerskin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Primordium=Halo: Primordium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shambhala:_The_Sacred_Path_of_the_Warrior=Shambhala: The Sacred Path of the Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Fortune=A Dangerous Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_National_Lampoon_Encyclopedia_of_Humor=The National Lampoon Encyclopedia of Humor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_1964_High_School_Yearbook_Parody=National Lampoon 1964 High School Yearbook Parody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Job_of_Sex=The Job of Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debt:_The_First_5000_Years=Debt: The First 5000 Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accident_Man=The Accident Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_a_Team=Half a Team
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Lincoln=Killing Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breast_of_National_Lampoon=The Breast of National Lampoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_Gentleman's_Bathroom_Companion=National Lampoon The Gentleman's Bathroom Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_First_Sight_(novel)=At First Sight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Gentleman's_Bathroom_Companion_II=National Lampoon Gentleman's Bathroom Companion II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_into_the_Night=Walking into the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Futile_and_Stupid_Gesture=A Futile and Stupid Gesture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Survivor_(Cain_novel)=The Survivor (Cain novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_to_Work:_Why_We_Need_Smart_Government_for_a_Strong_Economy=Back to Work: Why We Need Smart Government for a Strong Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Troff's_Cylinder=Van Troff's Cylinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Mike:_The_Life_and_Work_of_Michael_O'Donoghue=Mr. Mike: The Life and Work of Michael O'Donoghue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_Naked_and_the_Nude=National Lampoon The Naked and the Nude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Gillette,_America's_Sherlock_Holmes=William Gillette, America's Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grateful_Dead_Family_Album=The Grateful Dead Family Album
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assassin_(Cain_novel)=Assassin (Cain novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentines_(book)=Valentines (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conqueror_(Iggulden_novel)=Conqueror (Iggulden novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_National_Lampoon_No._1=The Best of National Lampoon No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Old_Republic:_Revan=Star Wars: The Old Republic: Revan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_&_Wizard:_The_Fire=Witch & Wizard: The Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazha-Pshavela_(biographical_novel)=Vazha-Pshavela (biographical novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Answer_from_Limbo=An Answer from Limbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dictator_(novel)=Dictator (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rising_Thunder=A Rising Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Other_Life=No Other Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergus_(novel)=Fergus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor's_Wife_(Moore_novel)=The Doctor's Wife (Moore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Comics=National Lampoon Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Stories=Parallel Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enchanted_Wanderer=The Enchanted Wanderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carver_(novel)=Carver (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_You_Don't_Buy_This_Book,_We'll_Kill_This_Dog!=If You Don't Buy This Book, We'll Kill This Dog!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_by_Family=Murder by Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Sunday_Newspaper_Parody=National Lampoon Sunday Newspaper Parody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallenstein_(novel)=Wallenstein (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cautionary_Tales_for_Children=Cautionary Tales for Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_You_Buy_a_Used_War_from_This_Man%3F=Would You Buy a Used War from This Man?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Planet_Survivors=Dinosaur Planet Survivors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freaks,_Geeks,_and_Asperger_Syndrome=Freaks, Geeks, and Asperger Syndrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_National_Lampoon_No._3=The Best of National Lampoon No. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched:_The_Jerry_Sandusky_Story=Touched: The Jerry Sandusky Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impulse_economy=Impulse economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Way_of_Resurrection=On the Way of Resurrection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Dragon=The King's Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagan_Religions_of_the_Ancient_British_Isles=The Pagan Religions of the Ancient British Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_Book_of_Books=National Lampoon The Book of Books
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triumph_of_the_Moon=The Triumph of the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragnet_Solar_Pons_et_al.=The Dragnet Solar Pons et al.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Songbook=National Lampoon Songbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iran:_Religion,_Politics_and_Society=Iran: Religion, Politics and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangled_Up_in_Blue_(book)=Tangled Up in Blue (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_the_Editors_of_National_Lampoon=Letters from the Editors of National Lampoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_This_Side_of_Parodies=National Lampoon This Side of Parodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Nine=The Rise of Nine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_Best_of_No._4=National Lampoon The Best of No. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_Best_of_No._5=National Lampoon The Best of No. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sealed_Angel=The Sealed Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knight_at_All_Times=The Knight at All Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Presents_The_Very_Large_Book_of_Comical_Funnies=National Lampoon Presents The Very Large Book of Comical Funnies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nietzsche_and_Asian_Thought=Nietzsche and Asian Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Art_Poster_Book=National Lampoon Art Poster Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Herman_Cain!=This Is Herman Cain!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_199th_Birthday_Book=National Lampoon The 199th Birthday Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mr._Wrenn=Our Mr. Wrenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wroniec_(book)=Wroniec (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Cutter=The Stone Cutter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embers_(novel)=Embers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_Iron_On_Book=National Lampoon The Iron On Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_Files:_Arrival=The Phoenix Files: Arrival
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_The_Up_Yourself_Book=National Lampoon The Up Yourself Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon's_Animal_House_Book=National Lampoon's Animal House Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivers_of_London_(novel)=Rivers of London (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Likeness=The Likeness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubber_(novel)=Rubber (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_in_Arms_(Bujold_novel)=Brothers in Arms (Bujold novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Preacher_(novel)=The Preacher (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Lampoon_Presents_French_Comics=National Lampoon Presents French Comics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gallows_Bird=The Gallows Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Final_Exam:_A_Surgeon's_Reflections_on_Mortality=Final Exam: A Surgeon's Reflections on Mortality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Over_Soho=Moon Over Soho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fame_(novel)=Fame (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deploying_Renewables_2011=Deploying Renewables 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Child=The Hidden Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Is_My_Brother=The Sea Is My Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stories_of_Ibis=The Stories of Ibis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_a_Family_Story=The End of a Family Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Erl-King_(novel)=The Erl-King (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Cold_Road=On a Cold Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Community_of_Witches=A Community of Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propaganda:_The_Formation_of_Men's_Attitudes=Propaganda: The Formation of Men's Attitudes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Liberalism=The End of Liberalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pocket_Guide_to_British_Birds=The Pocket Guide to British Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conquest_of_Space_(1931)=The Conquest of Space (1931)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reviving_Ophelia=Reviving Ophelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yipping_Tiger=The Yipping Tiger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preincarnate_(novel)=Preincarnate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feast,_Food_&_Love=Feast, Food & Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time:_Night=The Time: Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_About_Harry_(novel)=Wild About Harry (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_English=Perfect English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Gate_of_Babylon=The Blue Gate of Babylon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Peace_(novel)=Charlie Peace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard's_Wife=The Leopard's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Rainbow_(novel)=Over the Rainbow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_in_Mayfair=A Stranger in Mayfair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutting_Through_Spiritual_Materialism=Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Universes:_A_Memoir_from_the_Edges_of_Space_and_Time=Parallel Universes: A Memoir from the Edges of Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durgeshnandini=Durgeshnandini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Decayed_Family=A Decayed Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceremony_(Silko_novel)=Ceremony (Silko novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Hell_Let_Loose=All Hell Let Loose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_Us=The Future of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Berlin=Death in Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingenious_Pain=Ingenious Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Years_in_Plodomasovo=Old Years in Plodomasovo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greenwood_Encyclopedia_of_African_American_Folklore=The Greenwood Encyclopedia of African American Folklore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_Maker's_Wife=The Angel Maker's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solar_Energy_Perspectives=Solar Energy Perspectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_Leaders:_The_Story_of_LucasArts=Rogue Leaders: The Story of LucasArts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_of_the_Worldviews=War of the Worldviews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Short_Stories_2011=The Best American Short Stories 2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modri_e=Modri e
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modrost_starodavnega_anka=Modrost starodavnega anka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninina_pesnika_dva=Ninina pesnika dva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obiskovalec=Obiskovalec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objestnost=Objestnost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Od_blizu=Od blizu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odprava_zelenega_zmaja=Odprava zelenega zmaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Od_RTM_do_WTF=Od RTM do WTF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_the_Theoretical_Basis_of_Nursing=An Introduction to the Theoretical Basis of Nursing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Buildings=Burning Buildings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_Medina=Far from Medina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Warlord=Conan the Warlord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanova_(novel)=Casanova (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arguably=Arguably
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_(Forgotten_Realms_novel)=Exile (Forgotten Realms novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxygen_(Miller_novel)=Oxygen (Miller novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Matter_(Zeh_novel)=Dark Matter (Zeh novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose:_Love_in_Violent_Times=Rose: Love in Violent Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monster_Calls=A Monster Calls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi_Gadhakal=Delhi Gadhakal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabies_(novel)=Rabies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbriar_(novel)=Blackbriar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_House=The Spirit House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Optimists_(novel)=The Optimists (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitter_Blood=Bitter Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son_Marshall,_My_Son_Eminem=My Son Marshall, My Son Eminem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aya_of_Yop_City=Aya of Yop City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Good_Will_Come=Everything Good Will Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaving_the_Atocha_Station=Leaving the Atocha Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_in_Heck=Holidays in Heck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Paganism_in_World_Cultures=Modern Paganism in World Cultures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Across_the_Black_Waters=Across the Black Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldier_of_Sidon=Soldier of Sidon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fear_Index=The Fear Index
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Nate_Goes_for_Broke=Big Nate Goes for Broke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_All_Made_of_Glue=We Are All Made of Glue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat's_Table=The Cat's Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Relaxation_Response=The Relaxation Response
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Unaware=Earth Unaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well-Tempered_Clavicle=Well-Tempered Clavicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mother/Child_Papers=The Mother/Child Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipling_Sahib=Kipling Sahib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadzeks_Kampf_mit_der_Dampfturbine=Wadzeks Kampf mit der Dampfturbine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragments_from_Antiquity=Fragments from Antiquity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Symbols_of_Power=Symbols of Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Sweats:_The_Uncensored_Writings_of_Elsa_von_Freytag-Loringhoven=Body Sweats: The Uncensored Writings of Elsa von Freytag-Loringhoven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lucky_Child=A Lucky Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Morning_Like_a_Bird=One Morning Like a Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Race_Against_the_Machine=Race Against the Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandaean_Book_of_John=Mandaean Book of John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Heat:_Conspiracy,_Murder_and_the_Cold_War_in_the_Caribbean=Red Heat: Conspiracy, Murder and the Cold War in the Caribbean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islay_(novel)=Islay (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_inocencia_castigada=La inocencia castigada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Math_Girls=Math Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Real_Fidel_Castro=The Real Fidel Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Essential_Tagore=The Essential Tagore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitch-22=Hitch-22
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumayo_Ka_Nga_Sa_Akin=Lumayo Ka Nga Sa Akin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Indian_Tribes_of_North_America=History of the Indian Tribes of North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Earth=The Long Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghurghutiya-r_Ghatona=Ghurghutiya-r Ghatona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Poultry_Standard=British Poultry Standard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._America:_The_Lives_of_Thomas_Dooley,_1927-1961=Dr. America: The Lives of Thomas Dooley, 1927-1961
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Dowell's_Head=Professor Dowell's Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drowning_(novel)=The Drowning (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_to_Do_When_Someone_Dies=What to Do When Someone Dies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roots_of_Heaven_(novel)=The Roots of Heaven (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_L_(novel)=Lady L (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Nocturne=Indian Nocturne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulysses_Moore=Ulysses Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Way_Out_(novel)=No Way Out (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Whom_This_May_Come=To Whom This May Come
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faith_and_Health:_Psychological_Perspectives=Faith and Health: Psychological Perspectives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Sea_(novel)=Ocean Sea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Original_Goodness_(book)=Original Goodness (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Barrier=Beyond the Barrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crowd:_A_Study_of_the_Popular_Mind=The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marks_of_Identity=Marks of Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_Julian_(novel)=Count Julian (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juan_the_Landless=Juan the Landless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humsafar_(novel)=Humsafar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Missing_Head_of_Damasceno_Monteiro=The Missing Head of Damasceno Monteiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exiled_from_Almost_Everywhere=Exiled from Almost Everywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locked_On_(novel)=Locked On (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umr-e-Lahaasil_Ka_Haasil=Umr-e-Lahaasil Ka Haasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulphead=Pulphead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemplative_Practices_in_Action=Contemplative Practices in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manipulated_Man=The Manipulated Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_in_a_Forest=The Devil in a Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_(novel)=Peace (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandra_(novel)=Mandra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_of_the_Wind_(novel)=Spirit of the Wind (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dezra's_Quest=Dezra's Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Island_of_Doctor_Death_and_Other_Stories_and_Other_Stories=The Island of Doctor Death and Other Stories and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wettest_County_in_the_World=The Wettest County in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Falcon's_Feathers=The Falcon's Feathers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rose_That_Grew_from_Concrete_(book)=The Rose That Grew from Concrete (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kacper_Ryx=Kacper Ryx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hidden_Ulster=A Hidden Ulster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_Lost_Heroes=Quest for Lost Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Stechlin=Der Stechlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickon_(novel)=Dickon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republican_Party_Reptile=Republican Party Reptile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whose_Justice%3F_Which_Rationality%3F=Whose Justice? Which Rationality?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Dweller=The Time Dweller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burma_Chronicles=Burma Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherry_Crush_(novel)=Cherry Crush (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swamplandia!=Swamplandia!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domnei:_A_Comedy_of_Woman-Worship=Domnei: A Comedy of Woman-Worship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Seeks_God=Man Seeks God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CV_(novel)=CV (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Son_of_the_Carolinas=A Son of the Carolinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ente_Katha=Ente Katha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thanks_to_My_Mother=Thanks to My Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teaching_with_Calvin_and_Hobbes=Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Trip_Through_Paradise=Tough Trip Through Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Signals_of_Belief_in_Early_England=Signals of Belief in Early England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disco_2000_(anthology)=Disco 2000 (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sisters_Brothers=The Sisters Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Dawn=Crescent Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1001_Video_Games_You_Must_Play_Before_You_Die=1001 Video Games You Must Play Before You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Theology=Pagan Theology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zigzag_Way=The Zigzag Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Never_Faileth=Love Never Faileth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rook_(novel)=The Rook (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Is_on_Our_Side=Odd Is on Our Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinderella_Ate_My_Daughter=Cinderella Ate My Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Too_Much_(book)=The Man Who Knew Too Much (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa_(Cussler_novel)=Medusa (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Daggers_Drawn_(novel)=At Daggers Drawn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wireless:_The_Essential_Charles_Stross=Wireless: The Essential Charles Stross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Viking_Way_(book)=The Viking Way (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mind_in_the_Cave=The Mind in the Cave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witching_Culture=Witching Culture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enchanted_Feminism=Enchanted Feminism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_(Mason_novel)=Solo (Mason novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quantum_Universe=The Quantum Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Impersonation_(novel)=The Great Impersonation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_2034=Metro 2034
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vagabond_(novel)=The Vagabond (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Love_Women=Why We Love Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_du_Seigneur=Belle du Seigneur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oriental_Tales=Oriental Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_at_Dawn_(novel)=Promise at Dawn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divagations=Divagations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legend_of_the_Holy_Drinker=The Legend of the Holy Drinker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maa_(novel)=Maa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Muslim=The Good Muslim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blitzcat=Blitzcat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltics_(poem)=Baltics (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Requiem:_A_Hallucination=Requiem: A Hallucination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Comes_to_Pemberley=Death Comes to Pemberley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emma_in_Winter=Emma in Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Supplement_to_the_Journey_to_the_West=A Supplement to the Journey to the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_(novel)=Jerusalem (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_in_Trouble=Mr. Monk in Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuttlecock_(novel)=Shuttlecock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Peregrine's_Home_for_Peculiar_Children=Miss Peregrine's Home for Peculiar Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Again_the_Burning_Times=Never Again the Burning Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miracle_of_Castel_di_Sangro=The Miracle of Castel di Sangro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Preference_(book)=Sexual Preference (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pure_(Miller_novel)=Pure (Miller novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Gold_Book_of_Ghastly_Stuff=A Little Gold Book of Ghastly Stuff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Every_Purpose_Under_Heaven=A Time to Every Purpose Under Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unleashing_Nepal=Unleashing Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadline_(Grant_novel)=Deadline (Grant novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spy_(Clive_Cussler_novel)=The Spy (Clive Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Bengal_Rahashya_(novel)=Royal Bengal Rahashya (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Randall_Garrett=The Best of Randall Garrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visit_of_the_Royal_Physician=The Visit of the Royal Physician
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_of_Man=The Master of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiral_(Tunnels_novel)=Spiral (Tunnels novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Savoy_(novel)=Hotel Savoy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Hair=Crazy Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_I_Swapped_My_Dad_for_Two_Goldfish=The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_a_Dream=Child of a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Is_Cleaned_Out=Mr. Monk Is Cleaned Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_on_the_Road=Mr. Monk on the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_on_the_Couch=Mr. Monk on the Couch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_on_Patrol=Mr. Monk on Patrol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spellbound_(Dale_novel)=Spellbound (Dale novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thinking,_Fast_and_Slow=Thinking, Fast and Slow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements_of_Influence=The Elements of Influence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sands_of_Ammon=The Sands of Ammon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ends_of_the_Earth_(Alexander_Trilogy)=The Ends of the Earth (Alexander Trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Cinema=The Devil's Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goat_Days=Goat Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalogue_of_Political_and_Personal_Satires_Preserved_in_the_Department_of_Prints_and_Drawings_in_the_British_Museum=Catalogue of Political and Personal Satires Preserved in the Department of Prints and Drawings in the British Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Natural_History_of_Destruction=On the Natural History of Destruction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartan_(book)=Spartan (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisterhood_of_Dune=Sisterhood of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiery_Trial:_Abraham_Lincoln_and_American_Slavery=The Fiery Trial: Abraham Lincoln and American Slavery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atemwende=Atemwende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daughter_of_Smoke_and_Bone=Daughter of Smoke and Bone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinventing_Discovery=Reinventing Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tafsir_Ishraq_Al-Ma'ani=Tafsir Ishraq Al-Ma'ani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeless_(Carriger_novel)=Timeless (Carriger novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Depression_of_1990=The Great Depression of 1990
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Empire_(novel)=Lost Empire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspects_of_Anglo-Saxon_Magic=Aspects of Anglo-Saxon Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunning_Folk_and_Familiar_Spirits=Cunning Folk and Familiar Spirits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Living_and_the_Dead=Between the Living and the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mighty_Miss_Malone=The Mighty Miss Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hilliker_Curse=The Hilliker Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virtual_Equality=Virtual Equality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Place_of_Fallen_Leaves=In the Place of Fallen Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Privataria_Tucana=A Privataria Tucana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shield_Ring=The Shield Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sugar_Girls=The Sugar Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job_(novel)=Job (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Broke_Up=Why We Broke Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turpentine_Jake=Turpentine Jake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Freud_Was_Wrong=Why Freud Was Wrong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_History_of_Blasphemy=A Brief History of Blasphemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Evolution_of_Human_Sexuality=The Evolution of Human Sexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Wee_Sweetie_Mice_and_Men=Of Wee Sweetie Mice and Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sholay:_The_Making_of_a_Classic=Sholay: The Making of a Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaman_of_Oberstdorf=Shaman of Oberstdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbulent_Priests=Turbulent Priests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Lover_of_Death=She Lover of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assault_on_Truth=The Assault on Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orphan_Master's_Son=The Orphan Master's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shooting_Sean=Shooting Sean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Programming_Linux_Games=Programming Linux Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enterprise_of_Death=The Enterprise of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caddie_Woodlawn_(musical)=Caddie Woodlawn (musical)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reality_and_Dreams=Reality and Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technology,_Tradition,_and_the_State_in_Africa=Technology, Tradition, and the State in Africa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Political_Systems=African Political Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel_Inside=The Angel Inside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purple_Book_(Labour_Party)=The Purple Book (Labour Party)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_Darth_Plagueis=Star Wars: Darth Plagueis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dragon's_Tooth=The Dragon's Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moth_Eaten_Howdah_of_the_Tusker=The Moth Eaten Howdah of the Tusker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrecy_(book)=Secrecy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asuravithu_(novel)=Asuravithu (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_with_My_Name=The Horse with My Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_Birds=The Summer Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ponder_Heart=The Ponder Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Moon=Alabama Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud,_Biologist_of_the_Mind=Freud, Biologist of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_in_the_King_Years=America in the King Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Rose_(novel)=The Black Rose (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Nate:_Strikes_Again=Big Nate: Strikes Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Chimneys=Five Chimneys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Deviation_(book)=Mean Deviation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driving_Big_Davie=Driving Big Davie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaming_Instinct=Gaming Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Map_of_Time=The Map of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Marx=For Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_Edda=The British Edda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Climate_Change_and_Global_Energy_Security=Climate Change and Global Energy Security
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belfast_Confidential=Belfast Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parasite_Pig=Parasite Pig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_Earth_(novel)=Hollow Earth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Dervish=American Dervish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecstasies_(book)=Ecstasies (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Battles=The Night Battles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Service_Book=Service Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Evil=The Secret of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethal_Politics=Lethal Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Currents_of_Marxism=Main Currents of Marxism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luther:_The_Calling=Luther: The Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trail_of_the_Hawk=The Trail of the Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Millionaire's_Wife=The Millionaire's Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mind_Is_a_Terrible_Thing_to_Read=A Mind Is a Terrible Thing to Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love's_Body=Love's Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychology_from_an_Empirical_Standpoint=Psychology from an Empirical Standpoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundations_of_Psychoanalysis=The Foundations of Psychoanalysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Institutes_of_Biblical_Law=The Institutes of Biblical Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extraordinary_Tale_of_Nicholas_Pierce=The Extraordinary Tale of Nicholas Pierce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosmo_Cosmolino=Cosmo Cosmolino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrhythmia_(novel)=Arrhythmia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruins_&_Relics=Ruins & Relics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Inches=Nine Inches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shit_Girls_Say=Shit Girls Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Witchcraft=Living Witchcraft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persuasions_of_the_Witch's_Craft=Persuasions of the Witch's Craft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chowringhee_(novel)=Chowringhee (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distrust_That_Particular_Flavor=Distrust That Particular Flavor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_(novel)=The Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Magnificent=Conan the Magnificent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderers_(Price_novel)=The Wanderers (Price novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_is_to_Blame%3F=Who is to Blame?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Invincible=Conan the Invincible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_Fortune=Child of Fortune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Helmet=The Spanish Helmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_End_in_Norvelt=Dead End in Norvelt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Ball_for_Daisy=A Ball for Daisy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Stiletto=The Black Stiletto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Triumphant=Conan the Triumphant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_French_Whore=My French Whore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banalata_Sen_(book)=Banalata Sen (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_They_Always_Tell_Us=What They Always Tell Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Erik_the_Viking=The Saga of Erik the Viking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shelbourne_Ultimatum=The Shelbourne Ultimatum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descendants_(novel)=The Descendants (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flounder=The Flounder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madonna:_Like_an_Icon=Madonna: Like an Icon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_God_(Lins_novel)=City of God (Lins novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wouldn't_Take_Nothing_for_My_Journey_Now=Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laughing_Whitefish=Laughing Whitefish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Local_Anaesthetic_(novel)=Local Anaesthetic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Box_(Grass_book)=The Box (Grass book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarah's_Key_(novel)=Sarah's Key (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cazania_lui_Varlaam=Cazania lui Varlaam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud_and_Philosophy=Freud and Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meeting_at_Telgte=The Meeting at Telgte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architects'_data=Architects' data
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Leaps_of_Wang_Lun=The Three Leaps of Wang Lun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rat_(novel)=The Rat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demigod_Diaries=The Demigod Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undead_and_Undermined=Undead and Undermined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oligarchs=The Oligarchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concerns_of_a_Citizen=The Concerns of a Citizen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seekers_of_Tomorrow=Seekers of Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veyipadagalu=Veyipadagalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherlock_Holmes:_The_Breath_of_God=Sherlock Holmes: The Breath of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocents_(novel)=The Innocents (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Blinding_Absence_of_Light=This Blinding Absence of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorers_of_the_Infinite=Explorers of the Infinite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Plotte=Dirty Plotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_a_Long_Night=Tales of a Long Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_(Wooding_novel)=Poison (Wooding novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belenggu=Belenggu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atmabrittanta=Atmabrittanta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genus_Utricularia:_A_Taxonomic_Monograph=The Genus Utricularia: A Taxonomic Monograph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_1918:_A_German_Revolution=November 1918: A German Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnivorous_Plants=The Carnivorous Plants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Willows_at_Christmas=The Willows at Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature_Religion_Today=Nature Religion Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Hero=Conan the Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_3_Billion=Target 3 Billion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carnivorous_Plants_(1989_book)=The Carnivorous Plants (1989 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatter_Me=Shatter Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Sands=Arabian Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Our_Will=Against Our Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wisdom's_Daughter=Wisdom's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oromay=Oromay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemis_Fowl:_The_Last_Guardian=Artemis Fowl: The Last Guardian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Savage_Garden:_Cultivating_Carnivorous_Plants=The Savage Garden: Cultivating Carnivorous Plants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_Stalin's_Nose=Breaking Stalin's Nose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_out_of_the_Rain=The Man out of the Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twilight_of_Briareus=The Twilight of Briareus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicken_Soup_for_the_Parent's_Soul=Chicken Soup for the Parent's Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadlocked_(novel)=Deadlocked (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Glory=The Old Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreamtime_(book)=Dreamtime (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thirteen_Hallows=The Thirteen Hallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Perhaps=The Great Perhaps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Self_Scumbag=My Self Scumbag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Beauty=Another Beauty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principle_of_Hope=The Principle of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defence_of_a_Fool=The Defence of a Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_Evil=Hunting Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Box_(novel)=The Black Box (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midst_Toil_and_Tribulation_(novel)=Midst Toil and Tribulation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Wehrwolf=Der Wehrwolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Point=Victory Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Fire_of_London_(novel)=The Great Fire of London (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Hundred_Years_of_Homosexuality=One Hundred Years of Homosexuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Ice_and_Fire=The World of Ice and Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keepers_of_the_Flame:_Understanding_Amnesty_International=Keepers of the Flame: Understanding Amnesty International
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirage_(Ruff_novel)=The Mirage (Ruff novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Universe_from_Nothing=A Universe from Nothing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Me_and_Kaminski=Me and Kaminski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Worst_Thing_About_My_Sister=The Worst Thing About My Sister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Big_Man_(novel)=Little Big Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Beautiful_Forevers=Behind the Beautiful Forevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartsnatcher=Heartsnatcher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabet_(book)=Alphabet (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Self-portrait_in_a_Convex_Mirror_(book)=Self-portrait in a Convex Mirror (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suspicion_(novel)=Suspicion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Following_Story=The Following Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Strangers=Beautiful Strangers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_My_Mother=Book of My Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Sola_Scriptura=The Shape of Sola Scriptura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_of_the_Amazons=Last of the Amazons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Medical_Herbology_and_Pharmacology=Chinese Medical Herbology and Pharmacology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Life=Mars Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_the_Outernet=Notes from the Outernet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Killed_Zebedee%3F=Who Killed Zebedee?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maha_Prasthanam=Maha Prasthanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Break_of_Day=Break of Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Misunderstandings_of_No_Importance=Little Misunderstandings of No Importance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charon's_Claw_(novel)=Charon's Claw (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rider_on_the_White_Horse=The Rider on the White Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fires_(book)=Fires (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fadensonnen=Fadensonnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wavewatcher's_Companion=The Wavewatcher's Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballad_of_the_Desert=Ballad of the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Only_Death_Is_Real=Only Death Is Real
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stone_Gods_(novel)=The Stone Gods (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazy_Nastyass_Honey_Badger=The Crazy Nastyass Honey Badger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Nepenthes=New Nepenthes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Girl=The Last Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Stole_Feminism%3F=Who Stole Feminism?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_City_Blues_(novel)=Inner City Blues (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Never_Sky=Under the Never Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_This_Wicked_Patch_of_Dust=From This Wicked Patch of Dust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archaeology_of_Ritual_and_Magic=The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hocus_Bogus=Hocus Bogus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_the_Sudan=A Short History of the Sudan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamlet's_Father=Hamlet's Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_on_the_Moon_(1970_book)=First on the Moon (1970 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_in_Farsi=Funny in Farsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Democratic_Paradox=The Democratic Paradox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom._A_Plea=Freedom. A Plea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lust_for_Justice=Lust for Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Own_Work=The Devil's Own Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_Effect=The Fox Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moby-Duck=Moby-Duck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebellion_(novel)=Rebellion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_without_End=Flight without End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_Tomb=The Emperor's Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Lust=Paradise Lust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaft_(novel)=Shaft (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Floating_Staircase=Floating Staircase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experience_and_Education_(book)=Experience and Education (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_(novel)=Private (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samaritan_(Price_novel)=Samaritan (Price novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Introduction_to_Christianity=Introduction to Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_War_and_Modern_Memory=The Great War and Modern Memory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Make_a_Black_Woman_Take_Off_Her_Earrings=Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Another_Man's_Treasure_(novel)=Another Man's Treasure (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescued_from_Paradise=Rescued from Paradise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Under_the_Ice=Ocean Under the Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paving_Wall_Street=Paving Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_(Malfi_novel)=Snow (Malfi novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Revolting_Revenge_of_the_Radioactive_Robo-Boxers=Captain Underpants and the Revolting Revenge of the Radioactive Robo-Boxers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silent_Stars_Go_By_(novel)=The Silent Stars Go By (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Nightmare_(novel)=Perfect Nightmare (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchids_of_the_Philippines=The Orchids of the Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Apollo_of_Science=Black Apollo of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemoe_Karma=Nemoe Karma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayou_Arcana=Bayou Arcana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Creatures_(novel)=Beautiful Creatures (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Chaos_(Garcia_and_Stohl_novel)=Beautiful Chaos (Garcia and Stohl novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_to_Kurt=Letters to Kurt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archaeology_of_Shamanism=The Archaeology of Shamanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Narrative_of_the_Captivity_and_Restoration_of_Mrs._Mary_Rowlandson=A Narrative of the Captivity and Restoration of Mrs. Mary Rowlandson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_into_Space_(book)=Journey into Space (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlelines=Battlelines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Climate_of_Courage=The Climate of Courage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Bayard=Justin Bayard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Follow_The_Music=Follow The Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Saxon_Amulets_and_Curing_Stones=Anglo-Saxon Amulets and Curing Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elusive_Quest_for_Growth=The Elusive Quest for Growth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Out_&_Back_Again=Inside Out & Back Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_(novel)=The Treasure (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imprimatur_(book)=Imprimatur (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Secret=Once Upon a Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagles_and_Angels=Eagles and Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manhattan_Hunt_Club=The Manhattan Hunt Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Voices=Midnight Voices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Labyrinth=The Devil's Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_Anatole's_Tomb=For Anatole's Tomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Love,_Not_War:_The_Sexual_Revolution:_An_Unfettered_History=Make Love, Not War: The Sexual Revolution: An Unfettered History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Fear_(John_Saul_novel)=Faces of Fear (John Saul novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Reckoning=House of Reckoning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffer_the_Children_(novel)=Suffer the Children (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punish_the_Sinners=Punish the Sinners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_the_Midwife_(book)=Call the Midwife (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Sorcerer=The Accidental Sorcerer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches_Incorporated=Witches Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Hours=The Book of Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unseen_Hand=Unseen Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Spit_on_Your_Graves=I Spit on Your Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entwined=Entwined
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It_(poetry)=It (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Shall_I_Wander=Where Shall I Wander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ars_Americana_Ars_Politica=Ars Americana Ars Politica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred-Year-Old_Man_Who_Climbed_Out_the_Window_and_Disappeared=The Hundred-Year-Old Man Who Climbed Out the Window and Disappeared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rituals_(novel)=Rituals (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post_Office_Girl=The Post Office Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Oprichnik=Day of the Oprichnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atheis=Atheis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guignol's_Band=Guignol's Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge:_Guignol's_Band_II=London Bridge: Guignol's Band II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willpower:_Rediscovering_the_Greatest_Human_Strength=Willpower: Rediscovering the Greatest Human Strength
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Book_of_Social_Media=The Big Book of Social Media
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcelo_in_the_Real_World=Marcelo in the Real World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixed_Magics=Mixed Magics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaytek_the_Wizard=Kaytek the Wizard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gantenbein=Gantenbein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet:_The_Power_of_Introverts_in_a_World_That_Can't_Stop_Talking=Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musk-ox_(Nikolai_Leskov)=Musk-ox (Nikolai Leskov)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Levant_(poem)=The Levant (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solal_of_the_Solals=Solal of the Solals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mech_Mice_Genesis_Strike=Mech Mice Genesis Strike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(Rybakov_novel)=Fear (Rybakov novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_and_Ashes=Dust and Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Shadow_(novel)=The Long Shadow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_a_Greek=Once a Greek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dangerous_Game=A Dangerous Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Execution_of_Justice=The Execution of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duo_(novel)=Duo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Getting_Later_All_the_Time=It's Getting Later All the Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_High_Commissioner_(novel)=The High Commissioner (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfly_Valley:_A_Requiem=Butterfly Valley: A Requiem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichtzwang=Lichtzwang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Freedoms_(novel)=Four Freedoms (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_the_Western_Mind=The Passion of the Western Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_My_Parents_Ruined_My_Life=The Year My Parents Ruined My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Model_Nation=One Model Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_and_White_and_Blue=Black and White and Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_of_Sunset=Back of Sunset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_from_Thursday=North from Thursday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strike_Me_Lucky_(novel)=Strike Me Lucky (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Pursuit=The Long Pursuit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Hidden_Children=Her Hidden Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tribe_of_Witches=The Tribe of Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helga's_Web=Helga's Web
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ransom_(Cleary_novel)=Ransom (Cleary novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Road_to_China_(novel)=High Road to China (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Private_War=A Very Private War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pulse_of_Danger=The Pulse of Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tale_of_a_Manor=The Tale of a Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter's_Pence_(novel)=Peter's Pence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Bleeding_City=This Bleeding City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_at_the_Party=Dragons at the Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_monde_en_stop=Le monde en stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bergson_Lives_Dangerously=Bill Bergson Lives Dangerously
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forests_of_the_Night_(Cleary_novel)=Forests of the Night (Cleary novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Flight_of_Chariots=A Flight of Chariots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_an_Eagle=The Fall of an Eagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_of_Doubt=Season of Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Safe_House=The Safe House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remember_Jack_Hoxie=Remember Jack Hoxie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sound_of_Lightning=A Sound of Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vortex_(Cleary_novel)=Vortex (Cleary novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mask_of_the_Andes=Mask of the Andes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man's_Estate=Man's Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beaufort_Sisters=The Beaufort Sisters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faraway_Drums=The Faraway Drums
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Sabre=The Golden Sabre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spearfield's_Daughter=Spearfield's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_of_Fading_Light=The City of Fading Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_and_Then,_Amen=Now and Then, Amen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_South=Babylon South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_Song=Murder Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pride's_Harvest=Pride's Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Summer=Dark Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleak_Spring=Bleak Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Maze=Autumn Maze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Chill=Winter Chill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endpeace=Endpeace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Ring_Circus=Five Ring Circus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Different_Turf=A Different Turf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dilemma_(novel)=Dilemma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Pit_(novel)=Bear Pit (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yesterday's_Shadow=Yesterday's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Easy_Sin=The Easy Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Ambar_Regrets=Miss Ambar Regrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning's_Gone=Morning's Gone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four-Cornered_Circle=Four-Cornered Circle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uncommon_Valour=Uncommon Valour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udayar_(novel)=Udayar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Phoenix_Tree_(novel)=The Phoenix Tree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Method_(novel)=The Method (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_All_Have_the_Same_Skin=The Dead All Have the Same Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_of_the_Jago=A Child of the Jago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_on_the_Run_(poem)=Girls on the Run (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Please_Look_After_Mom=Please Look After Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Souls'_Day_(novel)=All Souls' Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monk,_the_Moor_&_Moses_Ben_Jalloun=The Monk, the Moor & Moses Ben Jalloun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hydrogen_Sonata=The Hydrogen Sonata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corn_Maiden_and_Other_Nightmares=The Corn Maiden and Other Nightmares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Bergson_and_the_White_Rose_Rescue=Bill Bergson and the White Rose Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confusion_(novella)=Confusion (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_(Sorokin_novel)=Ice (Sorokin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wanted_Man=A Wanted Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Affair_(novel)=The Affair (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interactive_Science=Interactive Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Nation_for_Itself=Every Nation for Itself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Daughter=Hitler's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fable_for_Another_Time=Fable for Another Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Normance=Normance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Answer_from_the_Silence=An Answer from the Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Us_Be_Like_the_Sun=Let Us Be Like the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Pilgrim=Little Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christina_Alberta's_Father=Christina Alberta's Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madumo,_A_Man_Bewitched=Madumo, A Man Bewitched
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversations_with_Professor_Y=Conversations with Professor Y
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamans_(Hutton_book)=Shamans (Hutton book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodger_(novel)=Dodger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Eyes,_Black_Hair=Blue Eyes, Black Hair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_(novel)=North (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigadoon_(novel)=Rigadoon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon-Fodder=Cannon-Fodder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Jeopardy_(novel)=Double Jeopardy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Real_Marriage=Real Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches_Three=Witches Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sorrow_Beyond_Dreams=A Sorrow Beyond Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Boone:_The_Accused=Theodore Boone: The Accused
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runelight=Runelight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logical_Investigations_(Husserl)=Logical Investigations (Husserl)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swan_Thieves=The Swan Thieves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiting_for_Sunrise=Waiting for Sunrise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satantango_(novel)=Satantango (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lemberg_Mosaic=The Lemberg Mosaic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grammatical_Man=Grammatical Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Left_to_Lie_To=No One Left to Lie To
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starting_Over_(autobiography)=Starting Over (autobiography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satori_(Winslow_novel)=Satori (Winslow novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agunpakhi=Agunpakhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Melancholy_of_Resistance=The Melancholy of Resistance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Encyclopedia_of_Dragons=The Encyclopedia of Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_(Christopher_novel)=Stolen (Christopher novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serious_Game=The Serious Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Shades_of_Grey=Fifty Shades of Grey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nailcruncher=Nailcruncher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pure_and_the_Impure=The Pure and the Impure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/13_Treasures=13 Treasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Wonder_(essays)=Small Wonder (essays)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atruaghin_Clans=The Atruaghin Clans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flow_Chart=Flow Chart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cats_of_Copenhagen=The Cats of Copenhagen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_in_the_History_of_Silence=Days in the History of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vertical_Smile=The Vertical Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Warriors=Winter Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Tooth_(novel)=Sweet Tooth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undying_Fire_(Pratt_novel)=The Undying Fire (Pratt novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invaders_from_Rigel=Invaders from Rigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Red_(book)=Ruby Red (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Drugs=The Book of Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Europe's_Inner_Demons=Europe's Inner Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suffragette_Sally=Suffragette Sally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comparing_Media_Systems=Comparing Media Systems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Pearl=The White Pearl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ultraviolins=Ultraviolins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Solitudes_(novel)=The Solitudes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Folly=The Book of Folly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Childhood_and_Society=Childhood and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily's_Runaway_Imagination=Emily's Runaway Imagination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Territorial_Imperative=The Territorial Imperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phire_Esho,_Chaka=Phire Esho, Chaka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulsi_Peeth_edition_of_the_Ramcharitmanas=Tulsi Peeth edition of the Ramcharitmanas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Stories=The Land of Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_a_Peasant_Woman=The Life of a Peasant Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulliyaat-e-Jamal=Kulliyaat-e-Jamal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mondomanila_(novel)=Mondomanila (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Political_Unconscious=The Political Unconscious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Corleone=The Family Corleone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windy_McPherson's_Son=Windy McPherson's Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Vibrations_Guide_to_Sex=The Good Vibrations Guide to Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Illustrated_Guide_to_Extended_Massive_Orgasm=The Illustrated Guide to Extended Massive Orgasm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reader's_Digest_Guide_to_Love_and_Sex=Reader's Digest Guide to Love and Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Monogamy=The Myth of Monogamy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_the_Marsh_Croft_(novella)=The Girl from the Marsh Croft (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkish_Odyssey=Turkish Odyssey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemlock_Grove=Hemlock Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglo-Saxon_Deviant_Burial_Customs=Anglo-Saxon Deviant Burial Customs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_But_For_The=There But For The
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagan_Middle_Ages=The Pagan Middle Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journal_of_Sir_Walter_Scott=The Journal of Sir Walter Scott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pike_County_Ballads=Pike County Ballads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bread-Winners=The Bread-Winners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_Compendium=Rules Compendium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Weeks_(book)=Three Weeks (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinjar_(novel)=Pinjar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolf_Gift=The Wolf Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fractal_Prince=The Fractal Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kon-Tiki_Expedition:_By_Raft_Across_the_South_Seas=The Kon-Tiki Expedition: By Raft Across the South Seas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revised_Standard_Reference_Guide_to_Indian_Paper_Money=The Revised Standard Reference Guide to Indian Paper Money
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_(novel)=The Twelve (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_Sun=Copper Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prepared_for_the_Worst:_Selected_Essays_and_Minority_Reports=Prepared for the Worst: Selected Essays and Minority Reports
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Will_You_Be%3F=What Will You Be?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Paradise_(novel)=Lost Paradise (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Wants_to_Be_Me%3F=Who Wants to Be Me?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Article_5_(novel)=Article 5 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pinochet_File=The Pinochet File
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Google_Story=The Google Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abbey_(novel)=The Abbey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhymes_of_Northern_Bards=Rhymes of Northern Bards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vigil_for_Joe_Rose=A Vigil for Joe Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Coin_in_Nine_Hands=A Coin in Nine Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluebeard_(Frisch_novel)=Bluebeard (Frisch novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drift:_The_Unmooring_of_American_Military_Power=Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorga_Theevu=Sorga Theevu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Hearts_of_Kwasi_Boachi=The Two Hearts of Kwasi Boachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Antoinette:_The_Portrait_of_an_Average_Woman=Marie Antoinette: The Portrait of an Average Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_I_See_It=As I See It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest_of_the_Absolute=The Quest of the Absolute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Question_of_Lay_Analysis=The Question of Lay Analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates!_in_an_Adventure_with_the_Romantics=The Pirates! in an Adventure with the Romantics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_(novel)=The Siege (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/23,000=23,000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torn_(Haddix_novel)=Torn (Haddix novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_In_New_Guinea=Growing Up In New Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mel_Bay's_Deluxe_Encyclopedia_of_Guitar_Chords=Mel Bay's Deluxe Encyclopedia of Guitar Chords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler_and_Stalin:_Parallel_Lives=Hitler and Stalin: Parallel Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorrow_of_War=The Sorrow of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Struggle=Our Struggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_the_Psychoanalytic_Movement=The History of the Psychoanalytic Movement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneepart=Schneepart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_What_Matters=On What Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trauma_of_Birth=The Trauma of Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonemouth=Stonemouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Malady_of_Death=The Malady of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsieur_Linh_and_His_Child=Monsieur Linh and His Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darah_Muda=Darah Muda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_kleine_Vampir=Der kleine Vampir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathen_Gods_in_Old_English_Literature=Heathen Gods in Old English Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archaeology_of_Hindu_Ritual=The Archaeology of Hindu Ritual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gideon's_Spies=Gideon's Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Witch_Trials=Beyond the Witch Trials
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine:_How_Creativity_Works=Imagine: How Creativity Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MI6:_Fifty_Years_of_Special_Operations=MI6: Fifty Years of Special Operations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Reverence_to_Rape=From Reverence to Rape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marhi_Da_Deeva=Marhi Da Deeva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Among_Others=Among Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repetition_(novel)=Repetition (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nocturnal_(novel)=Nocturnal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dervish_House=The Dervish House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Calvin_Coolidge_in_a_Dream=Seeing Calvin Coolidge in a Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_(Pinner_novel)=Ritual (Pinner novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genie_of_Sutton_Place=The Genie of Sutton Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Amazon_(novella)=The Amazon (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obabakoak=Obabakoak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Im_Dienst_des_Diktators=Im Dienst des Diktators
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollywood_Striptease=Bollywood Striptease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_in_Peking=Autumn in Peking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Enigma=The Great Enigma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix:_The_Fall_&_Rise_of_Videogames=Phoenix: The Fall & Rise of Videogames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_Sight,_Out_of_Time=Out of Sight, Out of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searching_for_Whitopia=Searching for Whitopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Master_as_I_Saw_Him=The Master as I Saw Him
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beatles_Illustrated_Lyrics=The Beatles Illustrated Lyrics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confession_of_a_Murderer=Confession of a Murderer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Sleep=Beyond Sleep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_the_Darkness=Fear the Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Shadows_(Judge_Anderson_novel)=Red Shadows (Judge Anderson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sins_of_the_Father_(Judge_Anderson_novel)=Sins of the Father (Judge Anderson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantras_(novel)=Tantras (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterdeep_(novel)=Waterdeep (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucible:_The_Trial_of_Cyric_the_Mad=Crucible: The Trial of Cyric the Mad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowdale_(novel)=Shadowdale (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosophy_of_the_Unconscious=The Philosophy of the Unconscious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Memory_Wars=The Memory Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Don't_Want_To_Blow_You_Up!=I Don't Want To Blow You Up!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Confusion_of_Princes=A Confusion of Princes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Casual_Vacancy=The Casual Vacancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Book_of_Milliganimals=A Book of Milliganimals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Century_after_Beatrice=The First Century after Beatrice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ports_of_Call_(Maalouf_novel)=Ports of Call (Maalouf novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kind_Diet=The Kind Diet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Is_a_Mess=Mr. Monk Is a Mess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simpleton=The Simpleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infected_(novel)=Infected (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Smoke=Human Smoke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consent_of_the_Networked=Consent of the Networked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Sorcery=High Sorcery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards'_Worlds=Wizards' Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Search_and_Destroy_(novel)=Search and Destroy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poppy_(novel)=Poppy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contagious_(novel)=Contagious (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psyche_(book)=Psyche (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blooms_of_Darkness=Blooms of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_(Hermann_book)=Alice (Hermann book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dream_of_Ding_Village=Dream of Ding Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Mouth_of_the_Whale=From the Mouth of the Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Finnish_Grammar=New Finnish Grammar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunting_and_Gathering_(novel)=Hunting and Gathering (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancestor_(novel)=Ancestor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamanism:_Archaic_Techniques_of_Ecstasy=Shamanism: Archaic Techniques of Ecstasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Would_It_Kill_You_to_Stop_Doing_That%3F=Would It Kill You to Stop Doing That?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Student_Hidjo=Student Hidjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Vivekananda_in_the_West:_New_Discoveries=Swami Vivekananda in the West: New Discoveries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berg_Encyclopedia_of_World_Dress_and_Fashion=Berg Encyclopedia of World Dress and Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baddeck,_And_That_Sort_of_Thing=Baddeck, And That Sort of Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tennis_Court_Oath_(book)=The Tennis Court Oath (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Whispers_(Ashbery_book)=Chinese Whispers (Ashbery book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_of_William_Maclay=Journal of William Maclay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowfang's_Secret=Yellowfang's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roads_to_Santiago=Roads to Santiago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punashcha_Professor_Shonku=Punashcha Professor Shonku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selam_Professor_Shonku=Selam Professor Shonku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabash_Professor_Shonku=Shabash Professor Shonku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_Lovers=Jungle Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norse_Gods_and_Giants=Norse Gods and Giants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Crush_the_Moon=To Crush the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dian_yang_Tak_Kunjung_Padam=Dian yang Tak Kunjung Padam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriage_(novel)=Marriage (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collapsium=The Collapsium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dial_M_for_Murdoch=Dial M for Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fear_(Zweig_novella)=Fear (Zweig novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tar:_A_Midwest_Childhood=Tar: A Midwest Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Guide_to_the_New_Ruins_of_Great_Britain=A Guide to the New Ruins of Great Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Shonkur_Kandokarkhana=Professor Shonkur Kandokarkhana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodeck's_Report=Brodeck's Report
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Many_Worlds_of_Andre_Norton=The Many Worlds of Andre Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Wall_(novel)=The Sea Wall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten-Thirty_on_a_Summer_Night=Ten-Thirty on a Summer Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calico_Joe=Calico Joe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perilous_Dreams=Perilous Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_Mirror=Moon Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destined_(Pike_novel)=Destined (Pike novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_in_the_Crown:_The_Story_of_Britain's_Favourite_Dish=Curry in the Crown: The Story of Britain's Favourite Dish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basic_Battle_Skills=Basic Battle Skills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pen-Pictures_of_Modern_Africans_and_African_Celebrities=The Pen-Pictures of Modern Africans and African Celebrities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx_and_the_Close_of_His_System=Karl Marx and the Close of His System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hazaras_of_Afghanistan=The Hazaras of Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hazara_People_and_Greater_Khorasan=The Hazara People and Greater Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cogan's_Trade=Cogan's Trade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_(Herrndorf_novel)=Sand (Herrndorf novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glass_Room=The Glass Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beijing_Coma=Beijing Coma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Un_Soir_du_Paris=Un Soir du Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Inquiry_into_the_Good=An Inquiry into the Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkroom_of_Damocles=The Darkroom of Damocles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karma_Yoga_(book)=Karma Yoga (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apostle_(novel)=The Apostle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jnana_Yoga_(book)=Jnana Yoga (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eline_Vere=Eline Vere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratha's_Challenge=Ratha's Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clan_Ground=Clan Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Regrets_(book)=No Regrets (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_Niemandsrose=Die Niemandsrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Der_Sand_aus_den_Urnen=Der Sand aus den Urnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_Schwelle_zu_Schwelle=Von Schwelle zu Schwelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hazaras_(book)=The Hazaras (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Reckoning:_Memories_of_the_1971_Bangladesh_War=Dead Reckoning: Memories of the 1971 Bangladesh War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Game_Over:_Jerry_Sandusky,_Penn_State,_and_the_Culture_of_Silence=Game Over: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State, and the Culture of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_the_Bottom_of_the_River=At the Bottom of the River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie's_Wolf_Pack=Julie's Wolf Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wombat=Diary of a Wombat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin's_Tricycle=Shin's Tricycle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sorrow_Gondola=The Sorrow Gondola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Splinter_Cell:_Conviction_(novel)=Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Conviction (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unacknowledged_Legislation:_Writers_in_the_Public_Sphere=Unacknowledged Legislation: Writers in the Public Sphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No,_They_Can't=No, They Can't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legend_(Lu_novel)=Legend (Lu novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casualties_of_Peace=Casualties of Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Magic_in_Early_Medieval_Europe=The Rise of Magic in Early Medieval Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyland_(novel)=Joyland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Shift=The Second Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outsourced_Self=The Outsourced Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_a_Pole_(And_So_Can_You!)=I Am a Pole (And So Can You!)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastiff_(novel)=Mastiff (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Racketeer_(novel)=The Racketeer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancing_Lessons_for_the_Advanced_in_Age=Dancing Lessons for the Advanced in Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rain_Stones=Rain Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Geishas=Glass Geishas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Winning_Way=The Winning Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_and_the_Clubhouse=Henry and the Clubhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Uncertain_Place=An Uncertain Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_She_Woke=When She Woke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vercoquin_and_the_Plankton=Vercoquin and the Plankton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Grass=The Red Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turmoil_in_the_Swaths=Turmoil in the Swaths
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rules_of_Attraction_(Elkeles_novel)=Rules of Attraction (Elkeles novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horse_Whisperer_(novel)=The Horse Whisperer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nameless_Cults_(story_collection)=Nameless Cults (story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Claw_(novel)=Red Claw (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Survivor_(book)=Lone Survivor (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud:_A_Life_for_Our_Time=Freud: A Life for Our Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decline_and_Fall_of_the_Freudian_Empire=Decline and Fall of the Freudian Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primer_with_Various_Instructions=Primer with Various Instructions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Snow=On Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vita_agra=La vita agra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachin:_A_Hundred_Hundreds_Now=Sachin: A Hundred Hundreds Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incident_at_Hawk's_Hill=Incident at Hawk's Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circle_(novel)=The Circle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planisphere_(book)=Planisphere (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_and_the_Others=Philip and the Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Doctor_Dee=The House of Doctor Dee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Serpent's_Shadow_(Riordan_novel)=The Serpent's Shadow (Riordan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beware_of_Pity_(novel)=Beware of Pity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty-Four_Hours_in_the_Life_of_a_Woman=Twenty-Four Hours in the Life of a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omega_Minor=Omega Minor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possum_Magic=Possum Magic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Even_Worse_Than_It_Looks=It's Even Worse Than It Looks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Commandment_(novel)=The First Commandment (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Short_Letter,_Long_Farewell=Short Letter, Long Farewell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malina_(novel)=Malina (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Juga=The White Juga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Comrade_Zylo=The Rise and Fall of Comrade Zylo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Charming_Quirks_of_Others=The Charming Quirks of Others
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_King's_Men=All the King's Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bishoprick_Garland=The Bishoprick Garland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbuctoo_(novel)=Timbuctoo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnivorous_Plants_of_Australia=Carnivorous Plants of Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenth_of_December:_Stories=Tenth of December: Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_and_Work_of_Sigmund_Freud=The Life and Work of Sigmund Freud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve's_Ransom=Eve's Ransom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Art_of_Gratitude=The Lost Art of Gratitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comfort_of_Saturdays=The Comfort of Saturdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dog_Who_Came_in_from_the_Cold=The Dog Who Came in from the Cold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Conspiracy_of_Friends=A Conspiracy of Friends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Law_(novel)=Murphy's Law (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mothers_and_Other_Liars=Mothers and Other Liars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gospel_According_to_John_(Pillar_New_Testament_Commentary)=The Gospel According to John (Pillar New Testament Commentary)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Fall_Down,_The_Brandon_deWilde_Story=All Fall Down, The Brandon deWilde Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moffat_Museum=The Moffat Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_in_the_Clouds=Song in the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asmara_Jaya=Asmara Jaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Electric_(book)=The Body Electric (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy's_Revenge=Murphy's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Lives_but_Mine=Other Lives but Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reservoir_Pups=Reservoir Pups
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Travels_with_Myself=Travels with Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Up_the_Bodies=Bring Up the Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hidden_Force=The Hidden Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paranoia_(Hermans_book)=Paranoia (Hermans book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadowcatchers=The Shadowcatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/17_Poems=17 Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Not_a_Book=This is Not a Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Face_of_a_Hero=Face of a Hero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poetics_of_Cinema_2=Poetics of Cinema 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_of_Art_(book)=The War of Art (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Season=The Bone Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Hunger:_Ireland_1845-1849=The Great Hunger: Ireland 1845-1849
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Voyage_of_Somebody_the_Sailor=The Last Voyage of Somebody the Sailor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Once_Upon_a_Time:_A_Floating_Opera=Once Upon a Time: A Floating Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main-Travelled_Roads=Main-Travelled Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kommandant's_Girl=The Kommandant's Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bring_Me_the_Head_of_Oliver_Plunkett=Bring Me the Head of Oliver Plunkett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duck,_Death_and_the_Tulip=Duck, Death and the Tulip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tyne_Songster_(W_&_T_Fordyce,_1840)=The Tyne Songster (W & T Fordyce, 1840)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Might_Be_a_Zombie_and_Other_Bad_News=You Might Be a Zombie and Other Bad News
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Functions_of_the_Executive=The Functions of the Executive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_and_the_Birdsong=Frog and the Birdsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sleeping_Car=The Sleeping Car
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ian's_Walk:_A_Story_about_Autism=Ian's Walk: A Story about Autism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whale_Caller=The Whale Caller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Summer_(Dessen_novel)=That Summer (Dessen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch_of_Hebron=The Witch of Hebron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doruntine_(novel)=Doruntine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Feud_(book)=Blood Feud (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Narco:_Inside_Mexico's_Criminal_Insurgency=El Narco: Inside Mexico's Criminal Insurgency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Psychology_of_Self-Esteem=The Psychology of Self-Esteem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitman:_The_Untold_Story_of_Johnny_Martorano=Hitman: The Untold Story of Johnny Martorano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abundance:_The_Future_Is_Better_Than_You_Think=Abundance: The Future Is Better Than You Think
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facial_Angles_(Camper)=Facial Angles (Camper)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Cromuele=Il Cromuele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Arliss=Little Arliss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branded_Outlaw=Branded Outlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_and_Development_of_the_Moral_Ideas=The Origin and Development of the Moral Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethical_Relativity=Ethical Relativity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaedon=Phaedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberalism_and_the_Limits_of_Justice=Liberalism and the Limits of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Il_Conquisto_di_Granata=Il Conquisto di Granata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_of_a_Family_Photo=Autobiography of a Family Photo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Counterfeit_Presentment=A Counterfeit Presentment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meaning_and_Necessity=Meaning and Necessity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Stroke_of_Insight=My Stroke of Insight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_(comics)=Jerusalem (comics)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surabaya_(fictional_work)=Surabaya (fictional work)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_The_Aroostook=The Lady of The Aroostook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extraordinary_Education_of_Nicholas_Benedict=The Extraordinary Education of Nicholas Benedict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Ayn_Rand%3F=Who Is Ayn Rand?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruins_(novel)=Ruins (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man's_Woman=A Man's Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Lucretia_and_Other_Stories=Young Lucretia and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jamesons=The Jamesons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Business_Career=A Business Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff,_One_Lonely_Guy=Jeff, One Lonely Guy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Deal_in_Wheat_and_Other_Stories_of_the_New_and_Old_West=A Deal in Wheat and Other Stories of the New and Old West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pot_of_Gold_and_Other_Stories=The Pot of Gold and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Breen's_Practice=Dr. Breen's Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bronx_Zoo_(book)=The Bronx Zoo (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_One_Person=In One Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Scarlet_Leaves=Bridge of Scarlet Leaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America's_Four_Gods=America's Four Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hypatia_(novel)=Hypatia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appearance_and_Reality=Appearance and Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_of_Reason=The Man of Reason
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erkenntnis_und_wissenschaftliches_Verhalten=Erkenntnis und wissenschaftliches Verhalten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Covenant_with_Black_America=The Covenant with Black America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacob's_Ladder_(2006_book)=Jacob's Ladder (2006 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railsea=Railsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Odd=House of Odd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rich_and_the_Rest_of_Us=The Rich and the Rest of Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Dos_Almas_del_Ser=Las Dos Almas del Ser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Girls_and_Twilight_Lovers=Odd Girls and Twilight Lovers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_Third_Thought=Every Third Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Travels_of_Lao_Can=The Travels of Lao Can
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linked:_The_New_Science_of_Networks=Linked: The New Science of Networks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/France's_Songs_of_the_Bards_of_the_Tyne_-_1850=France's Songs of the Bards of the Tyne - 1850
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan's_Illustrated_Edition_of_Tyneside_Songs_and_Readings=Allan's Illustrated Edition of Tyneside Songs and Readings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Highly_Sensitive_Person=The Highly Sensitive Person
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insurgent_(novel)=Insurgent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Administrative_Behavior=Administrative Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paying_Guest=The Paying Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Ink=King Ink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Ink_II=King Ink II
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Death_Are_Wearing_Me_Out=Life and Death Are Wearing Me Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regiment_of_Women=Regiment of Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_Smart_Enough_to_Work_at_Google%3F=Are You Smart Enough to Work at Google?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_of_Knockaloe=The Woman of Knockaloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Di_Bawah_Lindungan_Ka'bah_(novel)=Di Bawah Lindungan Ka'bah (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_River_(Rawlings_book)=The Secret River (Rawlings book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_the_Communist_Party_of_the_Soviet_Union_(Bolsheviks)=The History of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (Bolsheviks)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Gazetteer=Dungeons & Dragons Gazetteer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Marches_(accessory)=Silver Marches (accessory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_City=Great American City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn:_A_Biography=Marilyn: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marilyn:_Norma_Jean=Marilyn: Norma Jean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Love=Monster Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_of_Music=The Language of Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christianity_not_Mysterious=Christianity not Mysterious
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sceptical_Feminist=The Sceptical Feminist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essays_on_Truth_and_Reality=Essays on Truth and Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spinoza_(book)=Spinoza (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Shades_Freed=Fifty Shades Freed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_2020=Titanic 2020
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Combination_(book)=Perfect Combination (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrock_Alley=Shamrock Alley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nevermore:_The_Final_Maximum_Ride_Adventure=Nevermore: The Final Maximum Ride Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_Under_Ground=Whispers Under Ground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Squire_of_Inglewood=The Lost Squire of Inglewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deceivers:_Allied_Military_Deception_in_the_Second_World_War=The Deceivers: Allied Military Deception in the Second World War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Musician's_Handbook=The Musician's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Muddah,_Hello_Faddah!_(book)=Hello Muddah, Hello Faddah! (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titanic_2020:_Cannibal_City=Titanic 2020: Cannibal City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_(novella)=The Vampire (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rites_of_the_Gods=Rites of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronopolis_(short_story)=Chronopolis (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_Hidden_Since_the_Foundation_of_the_World=Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud_Evaluated=Freud Evaluated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/End_This_Depression_Now!=End This Depression Now!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Holiness:_The_Secret_Papers_of_Benedict_XVI=His Holiness: The Secret Papers of Benedict XVI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Supper_of_the_Lamb=The Supper of the Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idea_of_India=The Idea of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall's_Collection_of_Songs,_Comic,_Satirical_1827=Marshall's Collection of Songs, Comic, Satirical 1827
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Hall_Goes_Hollywood=Macdonald Hall Goes Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrow_Boat_(book)=Narrow Boat (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cleopatra_(poem)=La Cleopatra (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Burma_Road=Behind the Burma Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loner_(novel)=The Loner (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swerve:_How_the_World_Became_Modern=The Swerve: How the World Became Modern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_F._Kennan:_An_American_Life=George F. Kennan: An American Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Foreign_Policy_(book)=U.S. Foreign Policy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddle_of_the_Seventh_Stone=Riddle of the Seventh Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trump:_The_Art_of_the_Deal=Trump: The Art of the Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TekWar_(novel)=TekWar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upara=Upara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Weams'_Tyneside_Song_Book_1887=James Weams' Tyneside Song Book 1887
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Hate=The New Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Fire_(novel)=Cross Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matters_of_Discretion=Matters of Discretion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_an_American_Housewife=How to Be an American Housewife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Same-Sex_Unions_in_Pre-Modern_Europe=Same-Sex Unions in Pre-Modern Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Singular_Woman=A Singular Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_of_the_Vourdalak=The Family of the Vourdalak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SOS_Adventures=SOS Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libidinal_Economy=Libidinal Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_(novel)=Chicago (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Dark_Yet:_A_Personal_History=Not Dark Yet: A Personal History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uzbek_Soviet_Encyclopedia=Uzbek Soviet Encyclopedia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Imperative=The Bourne Imperative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thought_Gang=The Thought Gang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant:_Kingdom_of_the_Wicked=Skulduggery Pleasant: Kingdom of the Wicked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_on_Homer_and_the_Homeric_Age=Studies on Homer and the Homeric Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_The_Third_Wheel=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Third Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hex_Hall=Hex Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pan_Podstoli=Pan Podstoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Bought_a_Zoo_(book)=We Bought a Zoo (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Barack=The Other Barack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Wings_Has_My_Angel=Black Wings Has My Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Grown=American Grown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizionario_Biografico_degli_Italiani=Dizionario Biografico degli Italiani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ultimate_Revelations=The Ultimate Revelations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Field_of_Glory=On the Field of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theophilus_North=Theophilus North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cure_for_Death_by_Lightning=The Cure for Death by Lightning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_South_(accessory)=Shining South (accessory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serpent_Kingdoms=Serpent Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Map_Folio=Map Folio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharn:_City_of_Towers=Sharn: City of Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Splendors:_Waterdeep=City of Splendors: Waterdeep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Races_of_Eberron=Races of Eberron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Nations_(accessory)=Five Nations (accessory)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic_of_Eberron=Magic of Eberron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Guide_to_Eberron=Player's Guide to Eberron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_Xen'drik=Secrets of Xen'drik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mysteries_of_the_Moonsea=Mysteries of the Moonsea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Tiles=Dungeon Tiles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faiths_of_Eberron=Faiths of Eberron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonmarked=Dragonmarked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_of_Sarlona=Secrets of Sarlona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeon_Survival_Guide=Dungeon Survival Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grand_History_of_the_Realms=The Grand History of the Realms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exemplars_of_Evil=Exemplars of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forge_of_War=The Forge of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_of_Eberron=Dragons of Eberron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Adventurer's_Guide_to_Eberron=An Adventurer's Guide to Eberron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Stormreach=City of Stormreach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_g=Mr g
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenggelamnya_Kapal_van_der_Wijck=Tenggelamnya Kapal van der Wijck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northumbrian_Minstrelsy=Northumbrian Minstrelsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hounded_(novel)=Hounded (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hexed_(novel)=Hexed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricked_(novel)=Tricked (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_(Hearne_novel)=Trapped (Hearne novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Through_the_Woods_(novel)=The Way Through the Woods (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Terrible_Truth_About_Liberals=The Terrible Truth About Liberals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Internet_Dates_from_Hell=Internet Dates from Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fix_(book)=The Fix (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_and_Selected_Poems=New and Selected Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasmania's_Wilderness_Battles=Tasmania's Wilderness Battles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innovator's_Dilemma=The Innovator's Dilemma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Search_of_Our_Origins=In Search of Our Origins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Relentless=Conan the Relentless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indomitable_Will=Indomitable Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chosen_One_(Carol_Lynch_Williams_novel)=The Chosen One (Carol Lynch Williams novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Journey_Home:_Autobiography_of_an_American_Swami=The Journey Home: Autobiography of an American Swami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(Grant_novel)=Blackout (Grant novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyarshchina=Boyarshchina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_They_Were_Missed=Where They Were Missed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiwa's_Revenge=Maiwa's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasta_La_Vista_(novel)=Hasta La Vista (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mobile_Wave=The Mobile Wave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Northumbrian_Minstrel=The Northumbrian Minstrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Life=This Is Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle_of_Violence=Cycle of Violence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Too_Big_to_Know=Too Big to Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cemetery_Girl=Cemetery Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Service_(book)=Full Service (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumpy's_Toys=Grumpy's Toys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_String_in_the_Harp=A String in the Harp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unnamed=The Unnamed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_the_Moon_and_Back_(book)=To the Moon and Back (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aikido_and_the_Dynamic_Sphere=Aikido and the Dynamic Sphere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_the_Sale=The Art of the Sale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Workers_in_the_Dawn=Workers in the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_(novel)=Marie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_the_Animals=We the Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_I_Were_a_Boy_(novel)=If I Were a Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galore_(novel)=Galore (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals,_Men_and_Morals=Animals, Men and Morals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Wreccas=The Time Wreccas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Apprentice=The Time Apprentice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nietzsche:_Philosopher,_Psychologist,_Antichrist=Nietzsche: Philosopher, Psychologist, Antichrist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Child_of_Storm=Child of Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_the_Dogs=Even the Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_the_Moghul=Empire of the Moghul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Excuses_(book)=No Excuses (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Interpretation_of_Cultures=The Interpretation of Cultures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breach_of_Peace_(book)=Breach of Peace (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soonchild=Soonchild
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Lost_Souls_(Mortal_Instruments)=City of Lost Souls (Mortal Instruments)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anywhere_but_Here_(novel)=Anywhere but Here (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Reef_and_Other_Stories=The Last Reef and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Gods_of_the_Mountain=Conan and the Gods of the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silversands=Silversands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_at_the_Horizon=Station at the Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammered_(Hearne_novel)=Hammered (Hearne novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Clerks=The Three Clerks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_of_the_Bridge=The Other Side of the Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skios=Skios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garments_of_Caean=The Garments of Caean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pillars_of_Eternity=The Pillars of Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision_Course_(Bayley_novel)=Collision Course (Bayley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Chronopolis=The Fall of Chronopolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goggles!=Goggles!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jennie's_Hat!=Jennie's Hat!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Henry,_an_American_Legend=John Henry, an American Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keats's_Neighborhood=Keats's Neighborhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitten_for_a_Day=Kitten for a Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie_and_the_Pirate=Maggie and the Pirate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dog_Is_Lost=My Dog Is Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Red_Sun,_a_Counting_Book=One Red Sun, a Counting Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pet_Show=Pet Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter's_Chair=Peter's Chair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pssst!_Doggie-=Pssst! Doggie-
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regards_to_the_Man_in_the_Moon=Regards to the Man in the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skates!=Skates!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistle_for_Willie=Whistle for Willie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enough_About_Love=Enough About Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakout_Nations=Breakout Nations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeland_(Cory_Doctorow_novel)=Homeland (Cory Doctorow novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chomp_(novel)=Chomp (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_in_2050=Life in 2050
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hello_Summer,_Goodbye=Hello Summer, Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Live_(biography)=How to Live (biography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hologram_for_the_King=A Hologram for the King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicycling_the_Pacific_Coast=Bicycling the Pacific Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallucinations_(book)=Hallucinations (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shonku_Ekai_Aksho=Shonku Ekai Aksho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahasankatey_Shonku=Mahasankatey Shonku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swayang_Professor_Shonku=Swayang Professor Shonku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domicilium_Decoratus=Domicilium Decoratus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padatik_(The_Foot_Soldier)=Padatik (The Foot Soldier)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiet_Days_in_Clichy_(novel)=Quiet Days in Clichy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Neon=Beneath the Neon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_(novel)=Shelter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_She_Disappeared=The Night She Disappeared
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeds_of_Distrust=Seeds of Distrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_as_a_Political_Strategist=Gandhi as a Political Strategist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commentary_on_the_New_Testament_Use_of_the_Old_Testament=Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Kashmir=The Valley of Kashmir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Sangurimas=Los Sangurimas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_and_the_Death_Lord_of_Thanza=Conan and the Death Lord of Thanza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doglands=Doglands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seventh_Avenue_(book)=Seventh Avenue (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Glossary_of_the_Tribes_and_Castes_of_the_Punjab_and_North-West_Frontier_Province=A Glossary of the Tribes and Castes of the Punjab and North-West Frontier Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chharpatra=Chharpatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Vorpatril's_Alliance=Captain Vorpatril's Alliance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Critique_of_Pure_Tolerance=A Critique of Pure Tolerance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_a_Bishop=The Soul of a Bishop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresswell's_Local_and_other_Songs_and_Recitations_1883=Cresswell's Local and other Songs and Recitations 1883
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sole_Agent_(novel)=Sole Agent (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_in_Chancery_(novel)=Spy in Chancery (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Book_(Edwards_novel)=The Little Book (Edwards novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universal_Book_of_Mathematics=The Universal Book of Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Shift=Carbon Shift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillary's_Choice=Hillary's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Theruvinte_Katha=Oru Theruvinte Katha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Research_Magnificent=The Research Magnificent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyonders:_A_World_Without_Heroes=Beyonders: A World Without Heroes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaven_Lake_(novel)=Heaven Lake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CRC_Concise_Encyclopedia_of_Mathematics=CRC Concise Encyclopedia of Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunbar's_local_songs_and_recitations_1874=Dunbar's local songs and recitations 1874
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kato_Ajanare_(novel)=Kato Ajanare (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mukti_Ebang_Tahar_Sadhan=Mukti Ebang Tahar Sadhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Ninth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Ninth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Twenty-Eighth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Twenty-Eighth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_Season=Fire Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucible_of_Gold=Crucible of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gut_Symmetries=Gut Symmetries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Park_There!=You Can't Park There!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Church_of_Scientology:_A_History_of_a_New_Religion=The Church of Scientology: A History of a New Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Target_Practice_(novel)=Target Practice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junior_Stock:_Drag_Racing_the_Family_Sedan=Junior Stock: Drag Racing the Family Sedan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homosexualities:_A_Study_of_Diversity_Among_Men_and_Women=Homosexualities: A Study of Diversity Among Men and Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowaki_(novel)=Nowaki (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_with_the_Eyes_of_Love=Seeing with the Eyes of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_Name_Verity=Code Name Verity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Stink=Mr Stink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opium_Nation=Opium Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trend_Following:_Learn_to_Make_Millions_in_Up_or_Down_Markets=Trend Following: Learn to Make Millions in Up or Down Markets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_Legends=Engineering Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Badlands_Saloon=The Badlands Saloon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/69_Things_to_Do_with_a_Dead_Princess=69 Things to Do with a Dead Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnel_People=Tunnel People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Apocalypse_Codex=The Apocalypse Codex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_in_Peril=Those in Peril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Moon_(book)=The Killing Moon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_at_the_Demon's_Gate=Conan at the Demon's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Photograph_an_Atomic_Bomb=How to Photograph an Atomic Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan,_Lord_of_the_Black_River=Conan, Lord of the Black River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_at_the_End_of_the_World=The Lake at the End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origins_and_History_of_Consciousness=The Origins and History of Consciousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Separate_Creation=A Separate Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Capitalism_for_the_People=A Capitalism for the People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homosexuality:_A_Philosophical_Inquiry=Homosexuality: A Philosophical Inquiry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Mother=The Great Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Content_and_Object_of_Presentations=On the Content and Object of Presentations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1906_(novel)=1906 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crisis_of_European_Sciences_and_Transcendental_Phenomenology=The Crisis of European Sciences and Transcendental Phenomenology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiss_the_Dead=Kiss the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud:_The_Mind_of_the_Moralist=Freud: The Mind of the Moralist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzzy_Nation=Fuzzy Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tyneside_Songster_by_J._W._Swanston=The Tyneside Songster by J. W. Swanston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Newcastle_Songster_by_John_Marshall=The Newcastle Songster by John Marshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctoring_the_Mind=Doctoring the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty-fourth_level_(novel)=Twenty-fourth level (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hmannan_Yazawin=Hmannan Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gaze_of_the_Gazelle=The Gaze of the Gazelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Occupy_(book)=Occupy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robin:_Lady_of_Legend=Robin: Lady of Legend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quadrail_Series=Quadrail Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Power_of_the_Land=The Power of the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_of_the_Red_Brotherhood=Conan of the Red Brotherhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leviathan_Wakes=Leviathan Wakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seidman_and_Son=Seidman and Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conan_the_Gladiator=Conan the Gladiator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(novel)=Jack (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Place=The Gay Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limpopo_Academy_of_Private_Detection=The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turning_the_Tables=Turning the Tables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_Our_Year=This Is Our Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_You_Make=The Love You Make
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Othappu=Othappu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesbian/Woman=Lesbian/Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2312_(novel)=2312 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porky_(novel)=Porky (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus:_Sam_Israel,_the_Secret_Market,_and_Wall_Street's_Wildest_Con=Octopus: Sam Israel, the Secret Market, and Wall Street's Wildest Con
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalahayude_Penmakkal=Aalahayude Penmakkal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topsy_Turvy_Tales=Topsy Turvy Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lean_Startup=The Lean Startup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townie:_A_Memoir=Townie: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertine_(Rose_novel)=Albertine (Rose novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dotter_of_Her_Father's_Eyes=Dotter of Her Father's Eyes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_Forever_(novel)=Friends Forever (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betrayal_(Steel_novel)=Betrayal (Steel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Apart_(book)=Coming Apart (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hockey_Stick_and_the_Climate_Wars=The Hockey Stick and the Climate Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutiya_Yazawin=Dutiya Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starters_with_Mocktales=Starters with Mocktales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pleasure_to_Burn=A Pleasure to Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konbaung_Set_Yazawin=Konbaung Set Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seraphina_(novel)=Seraphina (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspergirls=Aspergirls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Meditative_Mind=The Meditative Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Organization_of_Behavior=The Organization of Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redshirts_(novel)=Redshirts (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizarro_(novel)=Bizarro (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Malta_(novel)=The Siege of Malta (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_Incorporated=The King Incorporated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Could_Fly=The Girl Who Could Fly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjab_Castes=Panjab Castes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Testament_of_Mary=The Testament of Mary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chater's_Canny_Newcassel_Diary_and_Remembrancer_1872=Chater's Canny Newcassel Diary and Remembrancer 1872
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_and_the_Holy_Flower=Allan and the Holy Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finished_(novel)=Finished (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keelmin's_Comic_Annewal=Keelmin's Comic Annewal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_and_Tyneside_Poems_&_Songs=Blyth and Tyneside Poems & Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Beetle's_Cellar=Under the Beetle's Cellar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stark_Munro_Letters=The Stark Munro Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Vendome_(novel)=Hotel Vendome (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossings_(Steel_novel)=Crossings (Steel novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_a_Christian_Nation=The Myth of a Christian Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hajar_Churashir_Maa=Hajar Churashir Maa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flesh_and_Fire=Flesh and Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_William_Clissold=The World of William Clissold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohamed_2.0=Mohamed 2.0
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Tales=Indian Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_&_Omega_(book)=Alpha & Omega (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Confessor:_The_Legend_of_Magda_Searus=The First Confessor: The Legend of Magda Searus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Token_of_Darkness=Token of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty-five_years_in_the_Punjab=Thirty-five years in the Punjab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_of_the_Elites:_America_After_Meritocracy=Twilight of the Elites: America After Meritocracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golden_Volcano=The Golden Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception:_Betraying_the_Peace_Process=Deception: Betraying the Peace Process
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meanwhile_(novel)=Meanwhile (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_the_Future=Making the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bad_Boy_Can_Be_Good_For_a_Girl=A Bad Boy Can Be Good For a Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_milim_nebom=Pod milim nebom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pot_(Zaplotnik)=Pot (Zaplotnik)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_svobodnim_soncem=Pod svobodnim soncem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prikrita_harmonija=Prikrita harmonija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeska_z_napako=Princeska z napako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sedmi_svet=Sedmi svet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seks,_ljubezen_in_to=Seks, ljubezen in to
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slepi_potnik=Slepi potnik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeh_za_leseno_pregrado=Smeh za leseno pregrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tango_v_svilenih_coklah=Tango v svilenih coklah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teden_dni_do_polne_lune=Teden dni do polne lune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito,_amor_mijo=Tito, amor mijo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Night_I_Saw_Her=That Night I Saw Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triptih_Agate_Schwarzkobler=Triptih Agate Schwarzkobler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trnovska_mafija=Trnovska mafija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steps_(novel)=Steps (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals,_Property,_and_the_Law=Animals, Property, and the Law
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Negotiate_Anything=You Can Negotiate Anything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_a_Great_Schoolmaster=The Story of a Great Schoolmaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_the_Mind=A History of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_is_Philosophy%3F=What is Philosophy?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Are_You_My_Mother%3F_(memoir)=Are You My Mother? (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_(novel)=Canada (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poison_Tree_(Atwater-Rhodes_novel)=Poison Tree (Atwater-Rhodes novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weird=The Weird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Doubt=The Age of Doubt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_sigue_de_viaje=Ella sigue de viaje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_Hindu_Nahin=Ham Hindu Nahin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Splendid_Exchange=A Splendid Exchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_Plenty=The Birth of Plenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billions_of_Entrepreneurs=Billions of Entrepreneurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Xfm_Top_1000_Songs_of_All_Time=The Xfm Top 1000 Songs of All Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_As_a_Book=My Life As a Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/For_What_It's_Worth_(novel)=For What It's Worth (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witiko_(novel)=Witiko (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_and_The_Goth=The Ghost and The Goth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mental_and_Social_Life_of_Babies=The Mental and Social Life of Babies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pandemonium_(novel)=Pandemonium (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4-Hour_Chef=The 4-Hour Chef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Select_Conversations_with_an_Uncle=Select Conversations with an Uncle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritson's_Northern_Garlands_1810=Ritson's Northern Garlands 1810
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritson's_Bishopric_Garland_or_Durham_Minstrel_1792=Ritson's Bishopric Garland or Durham Minstrel 1792
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritson's_Northumberland_Garland_or_Newcastle_Nightingale_1809=Ritson's Northumberland Garland or Newcastle Nightingale 1809
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starters_(novel)=Starters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritson's_Yorkshire_Garland_1809=Ritson's Yorkshire Garland 1809
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritson's_North-Country_Chorister_1809=Ritson's North-Country Chorister 1809
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telegraph_Avenue_(novel)=Telegraph Avenue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Annotated_Sherlock_Holmes=The New Annotated Sherlock Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behind_the_Candelabra:_My_Life_with_Liberace=Behind the Candelabra: My Life with Liberace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James'_Sum_Tyneside_Sangs_1898=James' Sum Tyneside Sangs 1898
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Light=Ancient Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trust_Me,_I'm_Lying=Trust Me, I'm Lying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_Was_Watching=Someone Was Watching
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_Lady=The Sea Lady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Shoulders_of_Giants_(book)=On the Shoulders of Giants (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nature_of_Space_and_Time=The Nature of Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Large,_the_Small_and_the_Human_Mind=The Large, the Small and the Human Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthquake_Weather_(novel)=Earthquake Weather (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spoiler_(novel)=The Spoiler (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_Wolf_(novel)=Cry Wolf (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saorsa=Saorsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Walk_in_Wolf_Wood=A Walk in Wolf Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4_Percent_Universe=The 4 Percent Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Mathematics_(James_Tanton)=Encyclopedia of Mathematics (James Tanton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_School:_The_Worst_Years_of_My_Life=Middle School: The Worst Years of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mop=The Mop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_on_the_Stairs=The Girl on the Stairs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Dragons=City of Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tru_Confessions_(novel)=Tru Confessions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_(Tunnels_novel)=Terminal (Tunnels novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canny_Bit_Verse=Canny Bit Verse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Silver_Coins=Ten Silver Coins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Virtual_Vandals=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Virtual Vandals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_The_Deadliest_Game=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: The Deadliest Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_One_is_the_Loneliest_Number=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: One is the Loneliest Number
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_Tad=Planet Tad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_The_Ultimate_Escape=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: The Ultimate Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_End_Game=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: End Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Cyberspy=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Cyberspy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_The_Great_Race=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: The Great Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Shadow_of_Honor=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Shadow of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Private_Lives=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Private Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Safe_House=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Safe House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Gameprey=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Gameprey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Duel_Identity=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Duel Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Deathworld=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Deathworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_High_Wire=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: High Wire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Cold_Case=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Cold Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Cloak_and_Dagger=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Cloak and Dagger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Clancy's_Net_Force_Explorers:_Death_Match=Tom Clancy's Net Force Explorers: Death Match
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Nations_Fail=Why Nations Fail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zatadawbon_Yazawin=Zatadawbon Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrid_Henry_(book)=Horrid Henry (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahoor_Scores_by_Mokhber-Al-Saltaneh=Mahoor Scores by Mokhber-Al-Saltaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_a_Spy=Portrait of a Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rembrandt_Affair=The Rembrandt Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fallen_Angel_(Daniel_Silva_novel)=The Fallen Angel (Daniel Silva novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Hole_War=The Black Hole War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Young_India_Wants=What Young India Wants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_or_Capture:_The_War_on_Terror_and_the_Soul_of_the_Obama_Presidency=Kill or Capture: The War on Terror and the Soul of the Obama Presidency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_or_Capture:_How_a_Special_Operations_Task_Force_Took_Down_a_Notorious_al_Qaeda_Terrorist=Kill or Capture: How a Special Operations Task Force Took Down a Notorious al Qaeda Terrorist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankya_(novel)=Sankya (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikings_Campaign_Sourcebook=Vikings Campaign Sourcebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_the_Mountain=Under the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Watch_(novel)=New Watch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirligig_(novel)=Whirligig (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartel:_The_Coming_Invasion_of_Mexico's_Drug_Wars=Cartel: The Coming Invasion of Mexico's Drug Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selected_Poems_(Robert_Pinsky)=Selected Poems (Robert Pinsky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_of_Labor=Nights of Labor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahul_Dravid:_Timeless_Steel=Rahul Dravid: Timeless Steel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Freudian_Fallacy=The Freudian Fallacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Prince_(Edwards_novel)=The Lost Prince (Edwards novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Pharma=Bad Pharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_TurtleTrader=The Complete TurtleTrader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Machiavelli=The New Machiavelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_Greatness=In the Shadow of Greatness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Family_Fang=The Family Fang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passion_of_Michel_Foucault=The Passion of Michel Foucault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unholy_Pilgrim=The Unholy Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dwitiyo_Manob=Dwitiyo Manob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Species=The God Species
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Princess_Boy=My Princess Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarraceniaceae_of_South_America=Sarraceniaceae of South America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atmospheric_Railway=The Atmospheric Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_Reader=Song Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege_of_Shkodra_(book)=The Siege of Shkodra (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_in_America:_A_Search_After_Realities=The Future in America: A Search After Realities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer's_Dream=Summer's Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_the_Strong=The Battle of the Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Apocalypse_(book)=Odd Apocalypse (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thick_as_Thieves_(novel)=Thick as Thieves (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witchcraft_and_Paganism_in_Australia=Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ides_of_April=The Ides of April
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Course_of_Honour=The Course of Honour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grit,_Guts_and_Gumption=Grit, Guts and Gumption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silence_of_Dean_Maitland=The Silence of Dean Maitland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Small_Hand=The Small Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basodee=Basodee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yazawin_Thit=Yazawin Thit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coniston_(novel)=Coniston (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Braved_Anu_Aunty_and_Co-Founded_a_Million_Dollar_Company=How I Braved Anu Aunty and Co-Founded a Million Dollar Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Crewe's_Career=Mr. Crewe's Career
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Keegan's_Elopement=Mr. Keegan's Elopement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Bar=Over the Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fair_Cop=A Fair Cop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paterno_(book)=Paterno (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Gate_(novel)=Devil's Gate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Will_There_Be_Good_News%3F=When Will There Be Good News?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkened_Room=The Darkened Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obama's_Last_Stand=Obama's Last Stand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Easy_Day=No Easy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passions_of_the_Mind=The Passions of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Wonder=State of Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrid_Henry_Tricks_the_Tooth_Fairy_(book)=Horrid Henry Tricks the Tooth Fairy (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_in_the_South_Seas_(book)=Pippi in the South Seas (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/58_Minutes=58 Minutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lion_Country=Lion Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musubi_no_Yama_Hiroku=Musubi no Yama Hiroku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_the_Age=The Spirit of the Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varieties_of_Anomalous_Experience=Varieties of Anomalous Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lionel_Asbo:_State_of_England=Lionel Asbo: State of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackwell_Companion_to_Science_and_Christianity=The Blackwell Companion to Science and Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kissing_Hand=The Kissing Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Social_Science_Matter=Making Social Science Matter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_and_Last_Things=First and Last Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Children_and_It=Four Children and It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_the_Wheel=The Lady of the Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irish_Medicines_Formulary=Irish Medicines Formulary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Girls_Get_What_They_Want=Smart Girls Get What They Want
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutters_Don't_Cry=Cutters Don't Cry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_Ethics=A Short History of Ethics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corrupting_Dr._Nice=Corrupting Dr. Nice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_a_Jewish_Mother=How to Be a Jewish Mother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_&_the_Gang_with_No_Name=Eddie & the Gang with No Name
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Krishna_Key=The Krishna Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Chronicles:_Facing_the_Ultimate_Frontier=Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Grogan=Tom Grogan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Country_Doctor_(collection)=A Country Doctor (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_of_Gold=The Temple of Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boys_and_Girls_Together=Boys and Girls Together
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Turn_to_Curtsy,_My_Turn_to_Bow=Your Turn to Curtsy, My Turn to Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinsel_(novel)=Tinsel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thing_of_It_Is...=The Thing of It Is...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hype_and_Glory=Hype and Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Control_(novel)=Control (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wait_Till_Next_Year=Wait Till Next Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_(Goldman_novel)=Heat (Goldman novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father's_Day_(novel)=Father's Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigger_(novel)=Wigger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Stand_Alone=Let Me Stand Alone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_a_Ladies'_Man_(novel)=Death of a Ladies' Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_We_Belong_(novel)=Where We Belong (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashoka_the_Great_(book)=Ashoka the Great (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invaders_(Brotherband)=The Invaders (Brotherband)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lion's_Tale=A Lion's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britannia_Unchained=Britannia Unchained
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wheel_of_Ice=The Wheel of Ice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Pumpkin=Big Pumpkin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Singular_Man=A Singular Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Money's_Worth=Your Money's Worth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Photographs=50 Photographs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Cheerleader=The Accidental Cheerleader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_in_the_Wires=Ghost in the Wires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Earth_Compels=The Earth Compels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sztafeta=Sztafeta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_War_We_Never_Fought=The War We Never Fought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoding_Communication=Decoding Communication
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kevin_Allen_(author)=Kevin Allen (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Monkey_King_(novel)=The Monkey King (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bottoms_(novel)=The Bottoms (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Little_Secrets=Deadly Little Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_with_the_Dead_(short_story)=Christmas with the Dead (short story)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemy_at_the_Gates:_The_Battle_for_Stalingrad=Enemy at the Gates: The Battle for Stalingrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Disaffection=A Disaffection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Chinatown:_A_Guide_to_Its_History_&_Architecture=San Francisco Chinatown: A Guide to Its History & Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Wilderness_of_Error=A Wilderness of Error
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_a_Glass_Darkly_(Koen_novel)=Through a Glass Darkly (Koen novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_Wildwood=Under Wildwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_San_Vicente=The Road to San Vicente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discourse,_Figure=Discourse, Figure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_School,_Get_Me_Out_of_Here!=Middle School, Get Me Out of Here!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_in_Beverly_Hills=Murder in Beverly Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Differend=The Differend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_Ya,_Simon=See Ya, Simon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mucho_Mojo=Mucho Mojo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King_and_Other_Stories=The King and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magic,_Witchcraft_and_the_Otherworld=Magic, Witchcraft and the Otherworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Christmas,_Alex_Cross=Merry Christmas, Alex Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enter_Wildthyme=Enter Wildthyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophat=Sophat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_the_Missing_Moon_Rocks=The Case of the Missing Moon Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flock_(novel)=The Flock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokeby_(poem)=Rokeby (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table-Talk_(Hazlitt)=Table-Talk (Hazlitt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Selection=The Selection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Occupy_Handbook=The Occupy Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_Not_Ask_What_Good_We_Do=Do Not Ask What Good We Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Mexico=In Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gates_Ajar=The Gates Ajar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Grace=God's Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paedophilia:_The_Radical_Case=Paedophilia: The Radical Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unfinished_Memoirs=The Unfinished Memoirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seducing_Ingrid_Bergman=Seducing Ingrid Bergman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betelguese,_a_Trip_Through_Hell=Betelguese, a Trip Through Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mind_and_Cosmos=Mind and Cosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empty_City=The Empty City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cockatoos=The Cockatoos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Uneasy_Pieces=Three Uneasy Pieces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Valley_(novel)=Happy Valley (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascent_of_the_A-Word=Ascent of the A-Word
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_My_Type=Just My Type
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two-Bear_Mambo=The Two-Bear Mambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pobby_and_Dingan=Pobby and Dingan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_Jobs_War=The Coming Jobs War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blinding_Knife=The Blinding Knife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helessa_(movie-novel)=Helessa (movie-novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yankee_Pasha_(book)=Yankee Pasha (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garden_of_Evening_Mists=The Garden of Evening Mists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discovery_of_the_Future=The Discovery of the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swimming_Home=Swimming Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wings_for_My_Flight=Wings for My Flight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_History_(novel)=Ancient History (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_and_Men=Women and Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_in_the_San_Francisco_Bay_Area_(book)=Art in the San Francisco Bay Area (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joseph_Anton:_A_Memoir=Joseph Anton: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_the_Sword_(book)=In the Shadow of the Sword (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Roman_Singer=A Roman Singer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson's_Dangerous_Liaisons=Michael Jackson's Dangerous Liaisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Must_Have_a_Stop=Time Must Have a Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Character_Analysis=Character Analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Animals_Were_Harmed_(book)=No Animals Were Harmed (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipping_Girl=Whipping Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umbrella_(novel)=Umbrella (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peripheral=The Peripheral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poorly_Made_in_China=Poorly Made in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Name_Is_Not_Angelica=My Name Is Not Angelica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lighthouse_(Moore_novel)=The Lighthouse (Moore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Creatures=Forbidden Creatures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dangerous_World_of_Butterflies=The Dangerous World of Butterflies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Dark_Water=Edge of Dark Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Is_a_Tattered_Flag=Hope Is a Tattered Flag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_of_the_Damned=Dust of the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threat_Vector_(novel)=Threat Vector (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_of_the_Razor=The God of the Razor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadman's_Road=Deadman's Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacrifice_(Higson_novel)=The Sacrifice (Higson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Sadomasochism=Against Sadomasochism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chime_(novel)=Chime (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genitality_in_the_Theory_and_Therapy_of_Neurosis=Genitality in the Theory and Therapy of Neurosis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shine_(Lauren_Myracle_novel)=Shine (Lauren Myracle novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Medicine=Deadly Medicine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirey_(novel)=Pirey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spooky_Stories_for_a_Dark_and_Stormy_Night=Spooky Stories for a Dark and Stormy Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortality_(book)=Mortality (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_a_Teacher=The Making of a Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caliban's_War=Caliban's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abaddon's_Gate=Abaddon's Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pursuit_of_Honor=Pursuit of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Want_My_MTV:_The_Uncensored_Story_of_the_Music_Video_Revolution=I Want My MTV: The Uncensored Story of the Music Video Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Princess_in_Berlin=A Princess in Berlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheikh's_Castaway=Sheikh's Castaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passionate_Friends:_A_Novel=The Passionate Friends: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragons_in_the_Archives:_The_Best_of_Weis_and_Hickman_Anthology=Dragons in the Archives: The Best of Weis and Hickman Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Linings_Playbook_(novel)=The Silver Linings Playbook (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crossing_(Churchill_novel)=The Crossing (Churchill novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decoded_(book)=Decoded (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosher_Jesus=Kosher Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clean_Tech_Nation=Clean Tech Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilty_Wives=Guilty Wives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realms_of_the_Elves=Realms of the Elves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Christmas_Tree_(novel)=The Christmas Tree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_(Elfgren_and_Strandberg_novel)=Fire (Elfgren and Strandberg novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Son=Second Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America_Again=America Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burhi_Aair_Sadhu=Burhi Aair Sadhu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hind's_Kidnap=Hind's Kidnap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Cartridge=Lookout Cartridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo's_Fire_(book)=Apollo's Fire (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiden_of_Pain=Maiden of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women_in_a_Celtic_Church=Women in a Celtic Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dust_Tracks_on_a_Road=Dust Tracks on a Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plus_(novel)=Plus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Smuggler's_Bible=A Smuggler's Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Chili=Bad Chili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Star_(novel)=Little Star (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Tower=The Haunted Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Folk=Poor Folk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Maiden's_Sheikh=The Ice Maiden's Sheikh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_the_Theory_of_Numbers=History of the Theory of Numbers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Letter_Left_to_Me=The Letter Left to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumble_Tumble=Rumble Tumble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whale_of_a_Tale=A Whale of a Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hunters_(Brotherband)=The Hunters (Brotherband)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angel's_Kiss:_A_Melody_Malone_Mystery=The Angel's Kiss: A Melody Malone Mystery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_3rd_Alternative=The 3rd Alternative
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_Crips=Queer Crips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thousand_Lives=A Thousand Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debjan=Debjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ARM_System-on-Chip_Architecture=ARM System-on-Chip Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginner's_Guide_to_Computers=The Beginner's Guide to Computers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Voyages=First Voyages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Hades=The House of Hades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hate_List=Hate List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Man's_Burden=Black Man's Burden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowhere_but_Up=Nowhere but Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dialogues_of_the_Gods=Dialogues of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_Crazy_Buttocks=Living with Crazy Buttocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Actress_in_the_House=Actress in the House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rain_(novel)=Red Rain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiance_(book)=Radiance (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adhalinaal_Kaadhal_Seiveer=Adhalinaal Kaadhal Seiveer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reflections_(Sufi_literature)=Reflections (Sufi literature)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Stranger's_Sealed_Packet=Mr. Stranger's Sealed Packet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_tables=Blood tables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spying_on_Democracy=Spying on Democracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halo:_Silentium=Halo: Silentium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farther_Away_(book)=Farther Away (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peek-A-Poo=Peek-A-Poo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amped_(novel)=Amped (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_of_Literature=Theory of Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scapegoat:_The_Jews,_Israel,_and_Women's_Liberation=Scapegoat: The Jews, Israel, and Women's Liberation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pornography:_Men_Possessing_Women=Pornography: Men Possessing Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Hating=Woman Hating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Male_Pornography:_An_Issue_of_Sex_Discrimination=Gay Male Pornography: An Issue of Sex Discrimination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indemnity_Only=Indemnity Only
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Over_Chocolate_Mountains=Sunset Over Chocolate Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_of_the_World=Winter of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flirting_With_Fate=Flirting With Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reached_(novel)=Reached (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brihat_Jataka=Brihat Jataka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesbian_Nation=Lesbian Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Threshold=The Last Threshold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poor_Pay_More=The Poor Pay More
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_in_This_Village=Freedom in This Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_H-Bomb_Girl=The H-Bomb Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Both_Flesh_and_Not=Both Flesh and Not
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_World_War_Book=The Third World War Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unwanteds=The Unwanteds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kali_the_Mother_(book)=Kali the Mother (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Web_of_Indian_Life=The Web of Indian Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tragedy_and_Hope=Tragedy and Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Law_of_Love=The Law of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Childhood_of_Jesus=The Childhood of Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sair_Tjerita_Siti_Akbari=Sair Tjerita Siti Akbari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Border,_Breed_nor_Birth=Border, Breed nor Birth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conquest_of_Mind=Conquest of Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Crazy_Beautiful_Life=My Crazy Beautiful Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caller_(novel)=The Caller (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bared_to_You=Bared to You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Breasts_and_Wide_Hips=Big Breasts and Wide Hips
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jucklins=The Jucklins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Jonas=The Book of Jonas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man-Eating_Myth=The Man-Eating Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conscience_of_the_Rich=The Conscience of the Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradle_Tales_of_Hinduism=Cradle Tales of Hinduism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footfalls_of_Indian_History=Footfalls of Indian History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Indian_Study_of_Love_and_Death=An Indian Study of Love and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illustrations_of_the_Nests_and_Eggs_of_Birds_of_Ohio=Illustrations of the Nests and Eggs of Birds of Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_(novel)=Son (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Aboriginal_Port_Folio=The Aboriginal Port Folio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dictionary_of_Disgusting_Facts=The Dictionary of Disgusting Facts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wife_of_Sir_Isaac_Harman=The Wife of Sir Isaac Harman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Blink_of_the_Screen=A Blink of the Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myths_of_the_Hindus_&_Buddhists=Myths of the Hindus & Buddhists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Hurts_(graphic_novel)=Love Hurts (graphic novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veil's_Visit:_a_Taste_of_Hap_and_Leonard=Veil's Visit: a Taste of Hap and Leonard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drowned_Vault=The Drowned Vault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Firebrand=The Firebrand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_Mousie's_Blind_Date=Miss Mousie's Blind Date
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragedy_of_Mister_Morn=The Tragedy of Mister Morn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Maya:_The_Rise_and_Fall_of_a_Rainforest_Civilization=Ancient Maya: The Rise and Fall of a Rainforest Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caravan_to_Lhasa=Caravan to Lhasa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captains_Outrageous=Captains Outrageous
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narcopolis=Narcopolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Religion_and_Dharma=Religion and Dharma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_from_an_Eastern_Home=Studies from an Eastern Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Report_from_Group_17=A Report from Group 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Life=Dear Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swaraj_(book)=Swaraj (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archaeology_of_Death_and_Burial=The Archaeology of Death and Burial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_God_Who_Hates=A God Who Hates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanilla_Ride=Vanilla Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Red=Devil Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyenas:_a_Hap_and_Leonard_Novella=Hyenas: a Hap and Leonard Novella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xman=Xman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluenose_Ghosts=Bluenose Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Gritstone_Climbs=Some Gritstone Climbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartan_Gold=Spartan Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Can_Report_Them=We Can Report Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_the_Desert=Death in the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1982_(book)=1982 (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_New_Deal=The New New Deal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detour_(Brodsky_novel)=Detour (Brodsky novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Alex_Cross=Kill Alex Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blackhouse=The Blackhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Englishman_Looks_at_the_World=An Englishman Looks at the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crewel_(novel)=Crewel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Virology=Fields Virology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donkey_Punch_(novel)=Donkey Punch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzzy_Ergo_Sum=Fuzzy Ergo Sum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perceiving_God=Perceiving God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_William_Ashe=The Marriage of William Ashe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead:_The_Road_to_Woodbury=The Walking Dead: The Road to Woodbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/***_(novel)=*** (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Troubled_Empire=The Troubled Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Informationist=The Informationist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barddas=Barddas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iolo_Manuscripts=Iolo Manuscripts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Giant,_O'Brien=The Giant, O'Brien
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Paul_in_Britain=Saint Paul in Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Light_(Sunil_Ganguly_novel)=First Light (Sunil Ganguly novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_(novel)=Sandy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Structure_of_Science=The Structure of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Principles_of_the_Theory_of_Probability=Principles of the Theory of Probability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Those_Days_(novel)=Those Days (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyad_(novel)=Dyad (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wondrous_Beginnings=Wondrous Beginnings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Essay_on_the_Nature_and_Immutability_of_Truth=An Essay on the Nature and Immutability of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Republican_Brain=The Republican Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Comprehensive_Grammar_of_the_English_Language=A Comprehensive Grammar of the English Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thunder_Rising=Thunder Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unchained_and_Unhinged=Unchained and Unhinged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_Decision=Kill Decision
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Joe_R._Lansdale=The Best of Joe R. Lansdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MIMS_Ireland=MIMS Ireland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wine_Grapes=Wine Grapes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promptorium_parvulorum=Promptorium parvulorum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crown_Imperilled=A Crown Imperilled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manusher_Manchitra=Manusher Manchitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Blossom=Black Blossom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Lights=The Book of Lights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bealby=Bealby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Landlady_(Fyodor_Dostoyevsky)=The Landlady (Fyodor Dostoyevsky)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doubtful_Guest=The Doubtful Guest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Conversion_of_Chaplain_Cohen=The Conversion of Chaplain Cohen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleb_West_(novel)=Caleb West (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1,227_QI_Facts_to_Blow_Your_Socks_Off=1,227 QI Facts to Blow Your Socks Off
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Human_Left=Nothing Human Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life's_Morning=A Life's Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demos_(novel)=Demos (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem:_The_Biography=Jerusalem: The Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unclassed=The Unclassed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Murder=Act of Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlesystem_Skirmishes=Battlesystem Skirmishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Affliction_(Hamilton_novel)=Affliction (Hamilton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Way_Forward=One Way Forward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graveminder=Graveminder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Wood_(novel)=Dead Wood (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Wouldn't_Stand_Up=The Man Who Wouldn't Stand Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_Rome:_The_Making_of_the_World's_Greatest_Empire=The Rise of Rome: The Making of the World's Greatest Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty-nine_Reasons_Why_I_Am_a_Vegetarian=Thirty-nine Reasons Why I Am a Vegetarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Guns,_Public_Health=Private Guns, Public Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moloch:_or,_This_Gentile_World=Moloch: or, This Gentile World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frege:_Philosophy_of_Language=Frege: Philosophy of Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frege:_Philosophy_of_Mathematics=Frege: Philosophy of Mathematics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_Old_and_New=Stories Old and New
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel's_Inferno=Gabriel's Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirror_Earth=Mirror Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Now_All_Roads_Lead_to_France=Now All Roads Lead to France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaladeepika=Phaladeepika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guidelines_for_Assessment_and_Instruction_in_Statistics_Education=Guidelines for Assessment and Instruction in Statistics Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christology:_A_Biblical,_Historical,_and_Systematic_Study_of_Jesus=Christology: A Biblical, Historical, and Systematic Study of Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellbound:_The_Blood_War=Hellbound: The Blood War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_Tyrant=I, Tyrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defilers_and_Preservers:_The_Wizards_of_Athas=Defilers and Preservers: The Wizards of Athas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volo's_Guide_to_the_Dalelands=Volo's Guide to the Dalelands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwin_Mullhouse=Edwin Mullhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Dragons=Sky Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches_of_East_End=Witches of East End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus:_A_Portrait=Jesus: A Portrait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animals_Are_Like_That=Animals Are Like That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarvartha_Chintamani=Sarvartha Chintamani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora's_Very_Windy_Day=Flora's Very Windy Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiris_Ko_Phool=Shiris Ko Phool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Channel_(book)=Cross Channel (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_(book)=The Lord (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Rid_of_Bradley=Getting Rid of Bradley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspects_of_Scientific_Explanation_and_other_Essays_in_the_Philosophy_of_Science=Aspects of Scientific Explanation and other Essays in the Philosophy of Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_of_Natural_Science=Philosophy of Natural Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Music_Works=How Music Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacred_Mushroom_and_the_Cross=The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waging_Heavy_Peace=Waging Heavy Peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Sea_Scrolls_and_the_Christian_Myth=The Dead Sea Scrolls and the Christian Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boon_(novel)=Boon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_British_Railway_series=The British Railway series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Vermilion_Fish=Book of Vermilion Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermeneutic_Communism=Hermeneutic Communism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_Thumb's_Picture_Alphabet=Tom Thumb's Picture Alphabet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Good_and_Evil=The Theory of Good and Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_for_the_Thought_That_We_Hate=Freedom for the Thought That We Hate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectropia=Spectropia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voices_of_war=Voices of war
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silent_No_More:_Victim_1's_Fight_for_Justice_Against_Jerry_Sandusky=Silent No More: Victim 1's Fight for Justice Against Jerry Sandusky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Theatre_of_Dutch_Painters=The Great Theatre of Dutch Painters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Children=Beautiful Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Strange_Room=In a Strange Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild:_From_Lost_to_Found_on_the_Pacific_Crest_Trail=Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_of_the_Ubume=Summer of the Ubume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundations_of_the_Science_of_Knowledge=Foundations of the Science of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jesus_I_Never_Knew=The Jesus I Never Knew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Earth,_Thrown_to_the_Sky=All the Earth, Thrown to the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miss_MacIntosh,_My_Darling=Miss MacIntosh, My Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_the_Invisible_King=God the Invisible King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_of_Love_(novel)=Act of Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Commitment_Engine=The Commitment Engine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cat_(novel)=The Cat (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Lover,_New_Lover=Young Lover, New Lover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Social_and_Political_Thought_of_Karl_Marx=The Social and Political Thought of Karl Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_of_the_Lance=Tales of the Lance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulls_Bears_and_the_Ballot_Box=Bulls Bears and the Ballot Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Started_Early,_Took_My_Dog_(novel)=Started Early, Took My Dog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_In:_The_Education_of_General_David_Petraeus=All In: The Education of General David Petraeus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil_and_His_Boy=The Devil and His Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_True_Crime=Masters of True Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Most_of_Me=Most of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Art=Hot Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Chimps_of_Fauna_Sanctuary=The Chimps of Fauna Sanctuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uni_in_the_USA=Uni in the USA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_the_Lost=Letters from the Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plague_of_Spells=Plague of Spells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Torment=City of Torment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Theory_of_Capitalist_Development=The Theory of Capitalist Development
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_after_Sraffa=Marx after Sraffa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Concept_of_Nature_in_Marx=The Concept of Nature in Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_of_Some_Wanderings_with_the_Swami_Vivekananda=Notes of Some Wanderings with the Swami Vivekananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emerald_Scepter=The Emerald Scepter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Select_essays_of_Sister_Nivedita=Select essays of Sister Nivedita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lake_of_Dead_Languages=The Lake of Dead Languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lawgiver=The Lawgiver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_kill_(novel)=I kill (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Necessity=The Big Necessity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ripley_Bogle=Ripley Bogle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeking_Gaddafi=Seeking Gaddafi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Ye_Breed=The Best Ye Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Red_Road=Blood Red Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Solitude=Adventures in Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jew_and_Improved=Jew and Improved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Capable_Life=A Very Capable Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_in_the_mid-twentieth_century=Marx in the mid-twentieth century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeland:_Journeys_into_the_Soul_of_Canada=Lakeland: Journeys into the Soul of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smiling_Bears=Smiling Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burning_Down_the_House:_Fighting_Fires_and_Losing_Myself=Burning Down the House: Fighting Fires and Losing Myself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost:_A_Memoir=Lost: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vast_(novel)=Vast (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Riverbones=The Riverbones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darien_Gap=The Darien Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underdogs_(anthology)=Underdogs (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Treasure=Snow Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stardust_(Serafin_book)=Stardust (Serafin book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Discovery_of_Witches=A Discovery of Witches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Annotated_Hobbit=The Annotated Hobbit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baptism_of_Fire:_The_Second_Battle_of_Ypres_and_the_Forging_of_Canada,_April_1915=Baptism of Fire: The Second Battle of Ypres and the Forging of Canada, April 1915
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Kiss:_Stephen_Harper's_Blind_Date_with_Quebec=French Kiss: Stephen Harper's Blind Date with Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Wall=The Red Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansagari=Mansagari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adaptive_Coloration_in_Animals=Adaptive Coloration in Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoity_Toity_(novel)=Hoity Toity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Causeway:_A_Passage_from_Innocence=Causeway: A Passage from Innocence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whisper_of_Waves=Whisper of Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight's_Mask=Midnight's Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_the_Mountains_Echoed=And the Mountains Echoed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Miseducation_of_Cameron_Post=The Miseducation of Cameron Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mastery_(book)=Mastery (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Leaders_Lie=Why Leaders Lie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhavartha_Ratnakara=Bhavartha Ratnakara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jataka_Tattva=Jataka Tattva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moon_of_Israel_(novel)=Moon of Israel (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Could_That_Be_at_This_Hour%3F=Who Could That Be at This Hour?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bog_People=The Bog People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Bastard=Beautiful Bastard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Inbari_novel)=Home (Inbari novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jataka_Bharanam=Jataka Bharanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_and_the_Future=War and the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_in_the_West=Dead in the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boar_(novel)=The Boar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginger:_The_Life_and_Death_of_Albert_Goodwin=Ginger: The Life and Death of Albert Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_the_Latin_Woman=The Myth of the Latin Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewing_a_Friendship=Sewing a Friendship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx's_Theory_of_Alienation_(book)=Marx's Theory of Alienation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galactic_Derelict=Galactic Derelict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jataka_Parijata=Jataka Parijata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Crickley_Hall=The Secret of Crickley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defiant_Agents=The Defiant Agents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jatakalankara=Jatakalankara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_Medical_Advice:_A_True_Story=Against Medical Advice: A True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zen_Gun=The Zen Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Knight_(novel)=The Blue Knight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kocharethi=Kocharethi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_the_Neolithic_Mind=Inside the Neolithic Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ignorance_of_Blood=The Ignorance of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cambridge_Companion_to_Marx=The Cambridge Companion to Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nitassinan:_The_Innu_Struggle_to_Reclaim_Their_Homeland=Nitassinan: The Innu Struggle to Reclaim Their Homeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/ArchEnemy=ArchEnemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laghu_Parashari=Laghu Parashari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Lies_(for_my_mother)=White Lies (for my mother)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Snow_in_Havana=The Only Snow in Havana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Colours_of_Animals=The Colours of Animals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus_of_Nazareth:_The_Infancy_Narratives=Jesus of Nazareth: The Infancy Narratives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dark_Night's_Work=A Dark Night's Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_and_the_Debt_Trap=Capital and the Debt Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Constructive_Survey_of_Upanishadic_Philosophy=A Constructive Survey of Upanishadic Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_in_July_(novel)=Cold in July (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Kennedy=Killing Kennedy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx's_Concept_of_Man=Marx's Concept of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharing_a_Robin's_Life=Sharing a Robin's Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guns_of_Normandy=The Guns of Normandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabula_Rasa_(novel)=Tabula Rasa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedantasara_(of_Sadananda)=Vedantasara (of Sadananda)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jevons_Block=Jevons Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Out_of_Time=Key Out of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fiery_Heart=The Fiery Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panchadasi=Panchadasi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Bravades=Les Bravades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35_Sonnets=35 Sonnets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Undying_Fire_(Wells_novel)=The Undying Fire (Wells novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Combat_Fleets_of_the_World=Combat Fleets of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Back_to_Me=Coming Back to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirl_Away=Whirl Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Hegelians_and_Karl_Marx=The Young Hegelians and Karl Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaimini_Sutras_(Hindu_astrology)=Jaimini Sutras (Hindu astrology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McAuslan_in_the_Rough=McAuslan in the Rough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sheikh_and_the_Dustbin=The Sheikh and the Dustbin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reavers=The Reavers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Steel_Bonnets=The Steel Bonnets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hollywood_History_of_the_World=The Hollywood History of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartered_Safe_Out_Here=Quartered Safe Out Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Light's_on_at_Signpost=The Light's on at Signpost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Candlemass_Road=The Candlemass Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Ajax=Black Ajax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timely_Death=Timely Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History,_Labour,_and_Freedom=History, Labour, and Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concealing-Coloration_in_the_Animal_Kingdom=Concealing-Coloration in the Animal Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Certain_Slant_of_Light_(novel)=A Certain Slant of Light (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/99_Francs=99 Francs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eminent_Historians=Eminent Historians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Hollow_(novel)=Dark Hollow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tajika_Neelakanthi=Tajika Neelakanthi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Roads_(novel)=Cross Roads (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America-Lite=America-Lite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._King=Mrs. King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hora_Sara=Hora Sara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin_and_Philosophy_and_Other_Essays=Lenin and Philosophy and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essays_in_Self-criticism=Essays in Self-criticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romancing_Mary_Jane=Romancing Mary Jane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hora_Ratna=Hora Ratna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dasadhyayi=Dasadhyayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elminster's_Ecologies_Appendix_II:_The_High_Moor_/_The_Serpent_Hills=Elminster's Ecologies Appendix II: The High Moor / The Serpent Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Country_Sites=Country Sites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undermountain:_The_Lost_Level=Undermountain: The Lost Level
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garga_Hora=Garga Hora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Belles-de-nuit_ou_Les_Anges_de_la_famille=Les Belles-de-nuit ou Les Anges de la famille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabindra_Chitravali=Rabindra Chitravali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolling_Home:_A_Cross_Canada_Railroad_Memoir=Rolling Home: A Cross Canada Railroad Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Island=The Last Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Blue_(book)=Into the Blue (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I'll_Tell_You_a_Secret=I'll Tell You a Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_(book)=After (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antifragile=Antifragile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina's_Closet=Regina's Closet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freezer_Burn_(novel)=Freezer Burn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgins_(novel)=Virgins (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Book_of_Running=The Complete Book of Running
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx:_His_Life_and_Environment=Karl Marx: His Life and Environment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasna_Marga=Prasna Marga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puberty_Blues_(novel)=Puberty Blues (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Blow_(novel)=The Big Blow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Knew_Mr._Knight_(novel)=They Knew Mr. Knight (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Running_on_the_Cracks=Running on the Cracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arab_Lobby:_The_Invisible_Alliance_That_Undermines_America's_Interests_in_the_Middle_East=The Arab Lobby: The Invisible Alliance That Undermines America's Interests in the Middle East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_the_Ball_(play)=After the Ball (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulmates_(play)=Soulmates (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Essay_on_Marxian_Economics=An Essay on Marxian Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Delicate_Truth=A Delicate Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watching_the_English=Watching the English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_in_the_Labour_Theory_of_Value=Studies in the Labour Theory of Value
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Navigation_(novel)=Celestial Navigation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mao:_A_Reinterpretation=Mao: A Reinterpretation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beginner's_Goodbye=The Beginner's Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lessons_on_the_Analytic_of_the_Sublime=Lessons on the Analytic of the Sublime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birthrights=Birthrights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skanda_Hora=Skanda Hora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Ain't_Nothing_But_Sex_Misspelled=Love Ain't Nothing But Sex Misspelled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Attitudes_Toward_Death_from_the_Middle_Ages_to_the_Present=Western Attitudes Toward Death from the Middle Ages to the Present
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosophy_of_'As_if'=The Philosophy of 'As if'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prasna_Tantra=Prasna Tantra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/There_Ain't_No_Justice_(novel)=There Ain't No Justice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Development_of_the_Monist_View_of_History=The Development of the Monist View of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pippi_Goes_on_Board_(book)=Pippi Goes on Board (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NightWatch:_A_Practical_Guide_to_Viewing_the_Universe=NightWatch: A Practical Guide to Viewing the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Fire:_A_Teen_Wolf_Novel=On Fire: A Teen Wolf Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Global_Revolution=The First Global Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nietzsche's_Kisses=Nietzsche's Kisses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shift_(novel)=Shift (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Degrees_of_Knowledge=The Degrees of Knowledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Person_and_the_Common_Good=The Person and the Common Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_and_Scholasticism=Art and Scholasticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Silence=The White Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_Nation=Custom Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypherpunks_(book)=Cypherpunks (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_Bees=The Death of Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx's_Theory_of_Revolution=Karl Marx's Theory of Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Redemption_(novel)=Beautiful Redemption (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/By_Bizarre_Hands_Rides_Again=By Bizarre Hands Rides Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Red_Horse=Blood Red Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stars_of_David:_Prominent_Jews_Talk_About_Being_Jewish=Stars of David: Prominent Jews Talk About Being Jewish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diamond_Grill=Diamond Grill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Ordinary_Time=No Ordinary Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Cooper's_Town=William Cooper's Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radicalism_of_the_American_Revolution=The Radicalism of the American Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fate_of_Liberty=The Fate of Liberty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calendar_of_Regrets=Calendar of Regrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_the_Philosophy_of_Religion=An Introduction to the Philosophy of Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voyagers_to_the_West:_A_Passage_in_the_Peopling_of_America_on_the_Eve_of_the_Revolution=Voyagers to the West: A Passage in the Peopling of America on the Eve of the Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/...The_Heavens_and_the_Earth:_A_Political_History_of_the_Space_Age=...The Heavens and the Earth: A Political History of the Space Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Chesnut's_Civil_War=Mary Chesnut's Civil War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Been_in_the_Storm_So_Long=Been in the Storm So Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_in_Flames=Head in Flames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_in_Grass_Castles=Kings in Grass Castles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anxious_Pleasures=Anxious Pleasures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_Cinema_(novel)=Pirate Cinema (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dred_Scott_Case:_Its_Significance_in_American_Law_and_Politics=The Dred Scott Case: Its Significance in American Law and Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rapture_of_the_Nerds=The Rapture of the Nerds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Visible_Hand:_The_Managerial_Revolution_in_American_Business=The Visible Hand: The Managerial Revolution in American Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamy_of_Santa_Fe=Lamy of Santa Fe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_and_His_Time=Jefferson and His Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Americans:_The_Democratic_Experience=The Americans: The Democratic Experience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/10:01=10:01
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_Paradox=People of Paradox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neither_Black_nor_White=Neither Black nor White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roosevelt:_The_Soldier_of_Freedom=Roosevelt: The Soldier of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Present_at_the_Creation:_My_Years_in_the_State_Department=Present at the Creation: My Years in the State Department
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Television/A_Challenge_to_the_Psychoanalytic_Establishment=Television/A Challenge to the Psychoanalytic Establishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RIBA_Product_Selector=RIBA Product Selector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_from_Aberdeen=Nine from Aberdeen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuan_Direktur=Tuan Direktur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Slipping-Down_Life_(novel)=A Slipping-Down Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half-Blood_Blues=Half-Blood Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splinter_(novel)=Splinter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tin_Can_Tree=The Tin Can Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Quiet_Drink=A Quiet Drink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan's_Passing=Morgan's Passing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye_Goliath=Goodbye Goliath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diccionari_General_de_la_Llengua_Catalana=Diccionari General de la Llengua Catalana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora's_Whole_Realms_Catalog=Aurora's Whole Realms Catalog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astromundi_Cluster=The Astromundi Cluster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Glory_of_Rome=The Glory of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth,_Air,_Fire,_and_Water=Earth, Air, Fire, and Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leaves_from_the_Inn_of_the_Last_Home=Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phaidon_Design_Classics=Phaidon Design Classics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_That=I Am That
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wettermark=Wettermark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woes_of_the_True_Policeman=Woes of the True Policeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keesha's_House=Keesha's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubrick_the_Dog=Kubrick the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_boccaperta=A boccaperta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspired_Talks=Inspired Talks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Feminist_Thought=Black Feminist Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilting_our_plates_to_catch_the_light=Tilting our plates to catch the light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unmarked_treasure=Unmarked treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_me_tell_you_something_about_that_night=Let me tell you something about that night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Stops_Out=All Stops Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Sense_of_Marx=Making Sense of Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Formation_of_the_Economic_Thought_of_Karl_Marx=The Formation of the Economic Thought of Karl Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanketa_Nidhi=Sanketa Nidhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Arthur=The Fall of Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/While_I'm_Dead_Feed_the_Dog=While I'm Dead Feed the Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubah=Kubah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny's_in_the_Basement=Johnny's in the Basement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_Karl_Marx=An Introduction to Karl Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather_Maiden=Leather Maiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx:_The_Story_of_His_Life=Karl Marx: The Story of His Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paradise_War=The Paradise War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_Retro_Pulp_Tales=Son of Retro Pulp Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quest:_Energy,_Security,_and_the_Remaking_of_the_Modern_World=The Quest: Energy, Security, and the Remaking of the Modern World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midwinter_(novel)=Midwinter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life_and_Philosophy_of_Swami_Vivekananda=Life and Philosophy of Swami Vivekananda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swami_Vivekananda:_Messiah_of_Resurgent_India=Swami Vivekananda: Messiah of Resurgent India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Machine=Fast Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lectures_from_Colombo_to_Almora=Lectures from Colombo to Almora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Lucky_Pierre_(novel)=The Adventures of Lucky Pierre (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Infinite_Summer=An Infinite Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earthly_Possessions_(novel)=Earthly Possessions (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter's_Key=Peter's Key
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_General_Theory_of_Exploitation_and_Class=A General Theory of Exploitation and Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism_and_the_Oppression_of_Women=Marxism and the Oppression of Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shining_Girls=The Shining Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justice:_What's_the_Right_Thing_to_Do%3F=Justice: What's the Right Thing to Do?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nexus_(Ramez_Naam_novel)=Nexus (Ramez Naam novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism_and_Morality=Marxism and Morality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analyzing_Marx=Analyzing Marx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gone_Girl_(novel)=Gone Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx's_Theory_of_Ideology=Marx's Theory of Ideology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marxism:_An_Historical_and_Critical_Study=Marxism: An Historical and Critical Study
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mick_Harte_Was_Here=Mick Harte Was Here
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx:_His_Life_and_Thought=Karl Marx: His Life and Thought
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Penumbra's_24-Hour_Bookstore=Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Bed=The Bone Bed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persian_Fire=Persian Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campaign_(book)=Campaign (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bard's_Oath=Bard's Oath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cleanest_Race=The Cleanest Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Monkey_in_Winter=A Monkey in Winter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Every_You,_Every_Me=Every You, Every Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walls_of_Delhi=The Walls of Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercy_Kill_(novel)=Mercy Kill (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foucault_(book)=Foucault (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scroogenomics=Scroogenomics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls_Forever_Brave_and_True=Girls Forever Brave and True
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yama:_The_Pit=Yama: The Pit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gift_Days=Gift Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiny_Beautiful_Things=Tiny Beautiful Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can_Say_That_Again=You Can Say That Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extra_Virginity=Extra Virginity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Physics=University Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_Art=The Invention of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remembrance_Rock=Remembrance Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torch_(book)=Torch (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-Opp=High-Opp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon_(novel)=The Demon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_of_Darkness_(book)=Angel of Darkness (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontypool_Changes_Everything=Pontypool Changes Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awful_Splendour:_A_Fire_History_of_Canada=Awful Splendour: A Fire History of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pakistan:_A_Personal_History=Pakistan: A Personal History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pact_(2002_book)=The Pact (2002 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington:_A_Life=Washington: A Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hegel_to_Nietzsche=From Hegel to Nietzsche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_and_Modern_Economics=Marx and Modern Economics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_the_Stars_Look_Lonesome=Even the Stars Look Lonesome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariposa_(novel)=Mariposa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Days_of_the_Jerusalem_of_Lithuania=The Last Days of the Jerusalem of Lithuania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Sherlock_Holmes:_Fire_Storm=Young Sherlock Holmes: Fire Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billionaire_Boy=Billionaire Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_(Judd_novel)=Legacy (Judd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serial_Killers:_The_Method_and_Madness_of_Monsters=Serial Killers: The Method and Madness of Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Act_One_(book)=Act One (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood_Rat_Race=Hollywood Rat Race
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_(Morrison_novel)=Home (Morrison novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refugee_Boy=Refugee Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Gets_Even=Mr. Monk Gets Even
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Political_Fable=A Political Fable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Wolf_(Jodi_Picoult_novel)=Lone Wolf (Jodi Picoult novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tombs_(novel)=The Tombs (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalau_Tak_Untung=Kalau Tak Untung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Helps_Himself=Mr. Monk Helps Himself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherar_Kottai=Cherar Kottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joe_Ledger_Series=Joe Ledger Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Days_of_Blood_and_Starlight=Days of Blood and Starlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_of_Night=Shadow of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Fathers,_Strong_Daughters=Strong Fathers, Strong Daughters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emerald_Atlas=The Emerald Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Moment_in_Time_(novel)=A Moment in Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pagan_Place_(novel)=A Pagan Place (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Study_on_Kamrupi=A Study on Kamrupi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Islanders_(Christopher_Priest_novel)=The Islanders (Christopher Priest novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Modern_Chronicle=A Modern Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Aquinas_Dictionary=Thomas Aquinas Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Taught_My_Grandmother_to_Read=How I Taught My Grandmother to Read
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rajakesari=Rajakesari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Going_Clear=Going Clear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selections_from_the_Writings_of_Kierkegaard=Selections from the Writings of Kierkegaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_Life_of_Kierkegaard=A Short Life of Kierkegaard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Traveller_In_War-Time=A Traveller In War-Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vagabond_(novel)=Vagabond (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_Games=Private Games
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_I_Am_(book)=Who I Am (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_of_Zao=The Wizard of Zao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reconceptualizing_India_Studies=Reconceptualizing India Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heathen_in_his_Blindness...=The Heathen in his Blindness...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_North_Road_(book)=Great North Road (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Sense_and_Soul=The Marriage of Sense and Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Dog_Fell_from_the_Sky=White Dog Fell from the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_of_Night=Dawn of Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Machine=Gun Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Air_Seller=The Air Seller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Petroleum_Dictionary=The Petroleum Dictionary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troublemaker:_Let's_Do_What_It_Takes_to_Make_America_Great_Again=Troublemaker: Let's Do What It Takes to Make America Great Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_British_Birds=A History of British Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Unemployed_Man=The Adventures of Unemployed Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardens_of_the_Sun=Gardens of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piter_(novel)=Piter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ack-Ack_Macaque=Ack-Ack Macaque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicago_Poems=Chicago Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digital_Retro=Digital Retro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artifact_of_Evil=Artifact of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Emily=Being Emily
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faultline_49=Faultline 49
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(Dan_Brown_novel)=Inferno (Dan Brown novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maggie's_Way=Maggie's Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Other_Worlds:_Notions_of_Self_and_Emotion_among_the_Lohorung_Rai=Other Worlds: Notions of Self and Emotion among the Lohorung Rai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Destiny_of_Nathalie_'X'=The Destiny of Nathalie 'X'
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craposyncrasies=Craposyncrasies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune's_Brood=Neptune's Brood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_the_Minotaurs=Land of the Minotaurs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpion_Soup=Scorpion Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stamp_Collector=The Stamp Collector
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eerie_Silence=The Eerie Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_at_Sea:_The_Jon_Ronson_Mysteries=Lost at Sea: The Jon Ronson Mysteries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Girls_(non-fiction_book)=Lost Girls (non-fiction book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experiment_in_Autobiography=Experiment in Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immer_derselbe_Schnee_und_immer_derselbe_Onkel=Immer derselbe Schnee und immer derselbe Onkel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_of_Babble=The Tower of Babble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ABC_of_Communism=The ABC of Communism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lullaby_(Spenser_novel)=Lullaby (Spenser novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_(del_Toro_and_Hogan_novel)=The Fall (del Toro and Hogan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studies_on_Marx_and_Hegel=Studies on Marx and Hegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_They_Create=Where They Create
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Suit=The Beautiful Suit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sharks_(novel)=The Sharks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beetle_(novel)=The Beetle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leepike_Ridge=Leepike Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Eternal=The Night Eternal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingdom_(novel)=The Kingdom (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_British_Birds_(1843)=A History of British Birds (1843)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_Apple=Inside Apple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Beloved_World=My Beloved World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Night=The Great Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contes_cruels_(Mirbeau)=Contes cruels (Mirbeau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Clever_Kings=The Three Clever Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_of_the_Venezuelan_Guayana=Flora of the Venezuelan Guayana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fresh_Off_the_Boat:_A_Memoir=Fresh Off the Boat: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janis_and_Saint_Christopher=Janis and Saint Christopher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shallows=The Shallows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Round_Table_(1817_book)=The Round Table (1817 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Summer=Love and Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kierkegaardian_Studies=Kierkegaardian Studies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_(Holland_book)=Millennium (Holland book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_(book)=Zoo (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylie_/_Fashion=Kylie / Fashion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Right_Fight=The Right Fight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thibaults=The Thibaults
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preludes_(Dragonlance_series)=Preludes (Dragonlance series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komarr=Komarr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Fates=Two Fates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Create_a_Mind=How to Create a Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Essay_on_Liberation=An Essay on Liberation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Capitalism:_Economic_Democracy_in_Action=After Capitalism: Economic Democracy in Action
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Thousand_Roses=Ten Thousand Roses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crypt_of_the_Shadowking=Crypt of the Shadowking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let's_Explore_Diabetes_with_Owls=Let's Explore Diabetes with Owls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosshalde=Rosshalde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bit_On_the_Side=A Bit On the Side
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Animal_Coloration_(book)=Animal Coloration (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Daffodilia=The Lady Daffodilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Rule=The First Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad,_Bad_Bunny_Trouble=Bad, Bad Bunny Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensible_Sensuality=Sensible Sensuality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Deaths_(drama)=Three Deaths (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watch_(novel)=Watch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_(novel)=Wonder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kant_and_the_Problem_of_Metaphysics=Kant and the Problem of Metaphysics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Twelve_Tribes_of_Hattie=The Twelve Tribes of Hattie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_of_the_Draw_(Xanth_novel)=Luck of the Draw (Xanth novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intelligent_Governance_for_the_21st_Century=Intelligent Governance for the 21st Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impulse_(Steven_Gould_novel)=Impulse (Steven Gould novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revolution_in_the_Valley=Revolution in the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_Until_Yesterday=The World Until Yesterday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motivation,_Agency,_and_Public_Policy=Motivation, Agency, and Public Policy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Invisible_Hand=The Other Invisible Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Genesis_Machine=The Genesis Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackass_Investing=Jackass Investing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somebody_Else's_Prince=Somebody Else's Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faces_of_Sunset_Boulevard=Faces of Sunset Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_ribbon_of_poems=A ribbon of poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor's_Needle=The Tailor's Needle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_of_Ashes=Bridge of Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prodigy_(Marie_Lu_novel)=Prodigy (Marie Lu novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cloud_of_Sparrows=Cloud of Sparrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smash_(novel)=Smash (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orchids,_a_collection_of_prose_and_poetry=Orchids, a collection of prose and poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereward_the_Wake_(novel)=Hereward the Wake (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kite_That_Went_to_the_Moon=The Kite That Went to the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hand_That_First_Held_Mine=The Hand That First Held Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schimmen_van_schoonheid=Schimmen van schoonheid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_and_Stories_(by_JRR_Tolkien)=Poems and Stories (by JRR Tolkien)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Policeman=The Last Policeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Aim_(novella)=Dead Aim (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_and_the_Ice-gods=Allan and the Ice-gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Cross,_Run=Alex Cross, Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solacers=Solacers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_and_Only_Ivan=The One and Only Ivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rip_It_Up_and_Start_Again=Rip It Up and Start Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heat_Wave_(novel)=Heat Wave (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Heat=Deadly Heat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Eunuch_of_China=The Last Eunuch of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palo_Alto_(book)=Palo Alto (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Funny=I Funny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Innocence_(Hamilton_book)=The Age of Innocence (Hamilton book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleph_(novel)=Aleph (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venetian_Betrayal=The Venetian Betrayal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_World=The Dark World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footsteps_of_Fate=Footsteps of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_the_Dawn_(book)=Before the Dawn (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radiant_Identities=Radiant Identities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Avoid_Huge_Ships=How to Avoid Huge Ships
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karl_Marx's_Theory_of_History:_A_Defence=Karl Marx's Theory of History: A Defence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Extraordinary_Life_of_The_Last_Emperor_of_China=The Extraordinary Life of The Last Emperor of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_in_Summer=Death in Summer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei_(novel)=Taipei (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_of_Love:_A_Partial_Summing-Up=Philosophy of Love: A Partial Summing-Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contemporary_Religious_Satanism=Contemporary Religious Satanism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freesouls=Freesouls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallelujah!_The_Welcome_Table=Hallelujah! The Welcome Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator:_Street_Fighter=Gladiator: Street Fighter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gladiator:_Son_of_Spartacus=Gladiator: Son of Spartacus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heretic_(novel)=Heretic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1356_(novel)=1356 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mrs._Eckdorf_in_O'Neill's_Hotel=Mrs. Eckdorf in O'Neill's Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakhine_Razawin_Thit=Rakhine Razawin Thit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizzimadetha_Ayedawbon=Mizzimadetha Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhanyawaddy_Ayedawbon=Dhanyawaddy Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razadarit_Ayedawbon=Razadarit Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawtugi_Yazawin=Pawtugi Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myeik_Yazawin=Myeik Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawei_Yazawin=Dawei Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinme_Yazawin=Zinme Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kengtung_Yazawin=Kengtung Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsenwi_Yazawin=Hsenwi Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsipaw_Yazawin=Hsipaw Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mong_Yawng_Yazawin=Mong Yawng Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Yazawin=Pagan Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagan_Yazawin_Thit=Pagan Yazawin Thit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inwa_Yazawin=Inwa Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyay_Yazawin=Pyay Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toungoo_Yazawin=Toungoo Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myauk_Nan_Kyaung_Yazawin=Myauk Nan Kyaung Yazawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballads_of_Petrica_Kerempuh=Ballads of Petrica Kerempuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanthawaddy_Hsinbyushin_Ayedawbon=Hanthawaddy Hsinbyushin Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyaungyan_Mintaya_Ayedawbon=Nyaungyan Mintaya Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hsinbyushin_Ayedawbon=Hsinbyushin Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bob_the_Gambler_(novel)=Bob the Gambler (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Centurions_(Hunter_novel)=The Centurions (Hunter novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/As_Sure_as_the_Dawn=As Sure as the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Just_This_Once=Just This Once
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sketches_of_Rome=Sketches of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Rhiannon=The Sword of Rhiannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arms_of_Nemesis=Arms of Nemesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catilina's_Riddle=Catilina's Riddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Venus_Throw=The Venus Throw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Murder_on_the_Appian_Way=A Murder on the Appian Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_the_Vestals=The House of the Vestals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_(Roma_Sub_Rosa)=Rubicon (Roma Sub Rosa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Seen_in_Massilia=Last Seen in Massilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mist_of_Prophecies=A Mist of Prophecies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Judgment_of_Caesar=The Judgment of Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gladiator_Dies_Only_Once=A Gladiator Dies Only Once
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Life_of_Mary_Baker_G._Eddy_and_the_History_of_Christian_Science=The Life of Mary Baker G. Eddy and the History of Christian Science
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triumph_of_Caesar=The Triumph of Caesar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Wonders_(Roma_Sub_Rosa)=The Seven Wonders (Roma Sub Rosa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mirror_and_the_Light=The Mirror and the Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bones_of_Avalon=The Bones of Avalon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_Too_Short=A Life Too Short
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Encyclopedia_of_Uzbekistan=National Encyclopedia of Uzbekistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Man's_Land=Dead Man's Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaungpaya_Ayedawbon=Alaungpaya Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaung_Mintayagyi_Ayedawbon=Alaung Mintayagyi Ayedawbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inzauk_Razawin=Inzauk Razawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razawin_Linka=Razawin Linka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakhine_Razawin_Haung=Rakhine Razawin Haung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maha_Razawin=Maha Razawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maha_Razawin_(Saya_Me)=Maha Razawin (Saya Me)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slapat_Rajawan=Slapat Rajawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Identity_Matrix=The Identity Matrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lik_Amin_Asah=Lik Amin Asah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavampati_(chronicle)=Gavampati (chronicle)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nidana_Arambhakatha=Nidana Arambhakatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pak_Lat_Chronicles=Pak Lat Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakhine_Razawin=Rakhine Razawin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Translation_Changes_Everything=Translation Changes Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinakalamali=Jinakalamali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pity_of_It_All=The Pity of It All
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire:_A_Queer_Film_Classic=Fire: A Queer Film Classic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin:_The_Life_of_a_Tormented_Evolutionist=Darwin: The Life of a Tormented Evolutionist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalyani_Inscriptions=Kalyani Inscriptions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecstasy:_A_Study_of_Happiness=Ecstasy: A Study of Happiness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nights_of_the_Pufflings=Nights of the Pufflings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trauma_(novel)=Trauma (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gift:_Imagination_and_the_Erotic_Life_of_Property=The Gift: Imagination and the Erotic Life of Property
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boneland=Boneland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Void_Captain's_Tale=The Void Captain's Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mornings_on_Horseback=Mornings on Horseback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Doing=The Art of Doing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Syndic=The Syndic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Mighty_Army=Like a Mighty Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williswinde=Williswinde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastures_of_the_Blue_Crane=Pastures of the Blue Crane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_in_Shadow=Wolf in Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Spring=The Year of Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shwezigon_Pagoda_Bell_Inscription=Shwezigon Pagoda Bell Inscription
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_walk_along_the_Ganges=A walk along the Ganges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Seed_(novel)=Dragon Seed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Still_Time_(book)=Still Time (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Without_Dignity=Death Without Dignity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadowgate_(novel)=Shadowgate (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterman_Ready,_or_the_Wreck_of_the_Pacific=Masterman Ready, or the Wreck of the Pacific
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Human=Team Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaspard_de_la_Nuit_(book)=Gaspard de la Nuit (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guns_(essay)=Guns (essay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend,_Not_Break=Bend, Not Break
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NOS4A2=NOS4A2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Father_of_the_Bride_(novel)=Father of the Bride (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vedanta_Philosophy:_An_address_before_the_Graduate_Philosophical_Society=Vedanta Philosophy: An address before the Graduate Philosophical Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_New_Rules=The New New Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Worlds_(drama)=Two Worlds (drama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishi_no_Ketsumyaku=Ishi no Ketsumyaku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bane_of_Yoto=The Bane of Yoto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wernigerode_Armorial=Wernigerode Armorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidon's_Arrow=Poseidon's Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Engines_of_God=The Engines of God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloodfire_Quest=Bloodfire Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrusion_(novel)=Intrusion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_God_Strolling_in_the_Cool_of_the_Evening=A God Strolling in the Cool of the Evening
http://dbpedia.org/resource/(un)arranged_marriage=(un)arranged marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Geological_Concept_of_Mountains_in_the_Qur'an=The Geological Concept of Mountains in the Qur'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Argentina_(poem)=La Argentina (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astronautilia=Astronautilia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_It_Forward_(novel)=Pay It Forward (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Way_Up_High=Way Up High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Born_to_Use_Mics:_Reading_Nas's_Illmatic=Born to Use Mics: Reading Nas's Illmatic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seizure_(Reichs_novel)=Seizure (Reichs novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_Steam=Raising Steam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Words_of_Radiance=Words of Radiance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Damian_Spinelli=The Secret Life of Damian Spinelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Shot_at_History=A Shot at History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stay_Hungry_Stay_Foolish=Stay Hungry Stay Foolish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gurkha's_Daughter=The Gurkha's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_of_Cricket=The Business of Cricket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boenga_Roos_dari_Tjikembang_(novel)=Boenga Roos dari Tjikembang (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wounds_of_Armenia=Wounds of Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Mitchell:_Back_Story=David Mitchell: Back Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fatalism_and_Development:_Nepal's_Struggle_for_Modernization=Fatalism and Development: Nepal's Struggle for Modernization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far-Fetched_Facts=Far-Fetched Facts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sparrow_Falls=A Sparrow Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misty_Dawn:_Portrait_of_a_Muse=Misty Dawn: Portrait of a Muse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_People's_History_of_the_United_States=A People's History of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ethnic_Cleansing_of_Palestine=The Ethnic Cleansing of Palestine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_from_the_Tree=Far from the Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diamond_Hunters=The Diamond Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_the_Tiger_(novel)=The Eye of the Tiger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungry_as_the_Sea=Hungry as the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Justice=Wild Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sunbird=The Sunbird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Shore=The Burning Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Falcon_Flies=A Falcon Flies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Men=Men of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angels_Weep=The Angels Weep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leopard_Hunts_in_Darkness=The Leopard Hunts in Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_to_Die_(novel)=A Time to Die (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_of_the_Sword=Power of the Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Fox=Golden Fox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Song=Elephant Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rage_(Wilbur_Smith_novel)=Rage (Wilbur Smith novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsoon_(novel)=Monsoon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birds_of_Prey_(Wilbur_Smith_novel)=Birds of Prey (Wilbur Smith novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Horizon_(novel)=Blue Horizon (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triumph_of_the_Sun=The Triumph of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Were_Here_(novel)=We Were Here (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Mouth_of_the_Whale=In the Mouth of the Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Key_to_the_Golden_Firebird=The Key to the Golden Firebird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doktor_Faust_und_Mephisto=Doktor Faust und Mephisto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Princess_(Celeste_and_Carmel_Buckingham_book)=The Lost Princess (Celeste and Carmel Buckingham book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_God_Writes_Your_Love_Story=When God Writes Your Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malajoe_Batawi=Malajoe Batawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Tycoon:_The_Epic_Life_of_Cornelius_Vanderbilt=The First Tycoon: The Epic Life of Cornelius Vanderbilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_of_Secrets=Family of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_jesuita=El jesuita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Year_of_Prophesying=A Year of Prophesying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magic_(book)=The Magic (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rookie_(novel)=The Rookie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gate_Thief=The Gate Thief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subject_Seven=Subject Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredibly_Alice=Incredibly Alice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_We_Love_Dogs,_Eat_Pigs,_and_Wear_Cows=Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Work_Diva=Work Diva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ute_av_verden=Ute av verden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_C_(novel)=Middle C (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del-Del=Del-Del
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_of_the_Prostate_Snatchers=Invasion of the Prostate Snatchers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Sins:_The_Tyrant_Ascending=The Seven Sins: The Tyrant Ascending
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Jihad=Red Jihad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Five_Love_Languages=The Five Love Languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_of_Manhattan=Gods of Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_of_a_King=Return of a King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhog_and_Other_Stories=Bhog and Other Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_I_was_Puerto_Rican=When I was Puerto Rican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_Heaven_and_Earth=On Heaven and Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golovlyov_Family=The Golovlyov Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guinea_Pig_Diaries=The Guinea Pig Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Chastity_Sexy=Making Chastity Sexy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Code_(novel)=Code (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Database_System_Concepts=Database System Concepts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Your_Marriage_Before_It_Starts=Saving Your Marriage Before It Starts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Girl:_Say_Hello_to_Courtship=Boy Meets Girl: Say Hello to Courtship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchup_Clouds=Ketchup Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupac:_A_Thug_Life=Tupac: A Thug Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Doves_and_Pythons=Some Doves and Pythons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlet_(novel)=Scarlet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1808:_The_Flight_of_the_Emperor=1808: The Flight of the Emperor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sox_Rule=Red Sox Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trojan_Dog=The Trojan Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Tower_(Johnston_novel)=The White Tower (Johnston novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eden_(Johnston_novel)=Eden (Johnston novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_2035=Metro 2035
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courrier_sud_(novel)=Courrier sud (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Victor_and_King_Charles=King Victor and King Charles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deemster=The Deemster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheila_Rae,_the_Brave=Sheila Rae, the Brave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods'_Man=Gods' Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Populazzi=Populazzi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Goldfinch_(novel)=The Goldfinch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Appetite_for_Wonder=An Appetite for Wonder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skin_Game_(The_Dresden_Files)=Skin Game (The Dresden Files)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela:_A_Biography_(1999)=Nelson Mandela: A Biography (1999)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Universe_in_a_Single_Atom=The Universe in a Single Atom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Works_of_Billy_the_Kid:_Left-Handed_Poems=The Collected Works of Billy the Kid: Left-Handed Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Jericho_(book)=The Battle of Jericho (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Significance_of_Monuments=The Significance of Monuments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Russian_princess=Memoirs of a Russian princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Checklist_Manifesto=The Checklist Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jungle_(Cussler_novel)=The Jungle (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_a_Town=The History of a Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_(poem)=Princess (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Einstein_Wrote_Back=Einstein Wrote Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reinventing_Gravity=Reinventing Gravity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Land_of_Lost_Content=The Land of Lost Content
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedigree_(novel)=Pedigree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_The_Plague=After The Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Botticelli_Secret=The Botticelli Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bone_Quill=Bone Quill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_Distant_Worlds_and_Times=Through Distant Worlds and Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Kooning:_An_American_Master=De Kooning: An American Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mammoth_Book_of_Mindblowing_SF=The Mammoth Book of Mindblowing SF
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceptera=Acceptera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Cross_(wordless_novel)=Southern Cross (wordless novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Far_Reaches=The Far Reaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passionate_Journey=Passionate Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/25_Images_of_a_Man's_Passion=25 Images of a Man's Passion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_Who_Died_a_Lot=The Woman Who Died a Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Maverick_Heart=A Maverick Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer_(Maykov_poem)=The Wanderer (Maykov poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Idea_(wordless_novel)=The Idea (wordless novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mare's_Nest=The Mare's Nest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secrets_at_Sea=Secrets at Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sucker's_Portfolio=Sucker's Portfolio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumb_Borne=Crumb Borne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Story:_A_Novel=True Story: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Icon:_Alan_Mulally_and_the_Fight_to_Save_Ford_Motor_Company=American Icon: Alan Mulally and the Fight to Save Ford Motor Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Argument=The God Argument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Thinking_Clearly=The Art of Thinking Clearly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Automate_This=Automate This
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopaedia_of_the_Social_Sciences=Encyclopaedia of the Social Sciences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yo-Yo_Boing!=Yo-Yo Boing!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_Things=The Lives of Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_in_the_Age_of_Science%3F=God in the Age of Science?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Being_Different=Being Different
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_France_juive=La France juive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Myth_of_Persecution=The Myth of Persecution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anya's_Ghost=Anya's Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Division=The Human Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington's_Socks=George Washington's Socks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_and_the_French_Kiss=Anna and the French Kiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Season_of_Stones=A Season of Stones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangsta_Granny=Gangsta Granny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Afire=Earth Afire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchill:_The_End_of_Glory=Churchill: The End of Glory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oath:_The_Obama_White_House_and_the_Supreme_Court=The Oath: The Obama White House and the Supreme Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Care_and_Handling_of_Roses_with_Thorns=The Care and Handling of Roses with Thorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Meets_Girl_(novel)=Boy Meets Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Hour_(novel)=Zero Hour (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstage_Passes_and_Backstabbing_Bastards=Backstage Passes and Backstabbing Bastards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charley_Skedaddle=Charley Skedaddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kicked_Out_(book)=Kicked Out (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny's_Journey=Destiny's Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_puinhopen_van_acht_jaar_Paars=De puinhopen van acht jaar Paars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_and_Alexander=Tatiana and Alexander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dehumanization_of_Art_and_Other_Essays_on_Art,_Culture,_and_Literature=The Dehumanization of Art and Other Essays on Art, Culture, and Literature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maire_of_Bristowe_is_Kalendar=The Maire of Bristowe is Kalendar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_(Boyd_novel)=Solo (Boyd novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor's_New_Drugs=The Emperor's New Drugs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_(memoir)=Growing Up (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neurosis_and_Human_Growth=Neurosis and Human Growth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_of_the_Bailey_(novel)=Rumpole of the Bailey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trials_of_Rumpole=The Trials of Rumpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_v_Rumpole=Regina v Rumpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_and_the_Golden_Thread=Rumpole and the Golden Thread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole's_Last_Case=Rumpole's Last Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_and_the_Age_of_Miracles=Rumpole and the Age of Miracles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_a_La_Carte=Rumpole a La Carte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_On_Trial=Rumpole On Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole's_Return=Rumpole's Return
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_and_the_Angel_of_Death=Rumpole and the Angel of Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_and_the_Penge_Bungalow_Murders=Rumpole and the Penge Bungalow Murders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumpole_Rests_His_Case=Rumpole Rests His Case
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greeks=The Greeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ritual_and_Domestic_Life_in_Prehistoric_Europe=Ritual and Domestic Life in Prehistoric Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Against_the_Current:_Essays_in_the_History_of_Ideas=Against the Current: Essays in the History of Ideas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Carl_Sandburg=The World of Carl Sandburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Security_and_Nuclear_Diplomacy=National Security and Nuclear Diplomacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_from_the_Devil=Letters from the Devil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inside_U.S.A._(book)=Inside U.S.A. (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diviners_(Libba_Bray_novel)=The Diviners (Libba Bray novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virus_(novel)=Virus (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_Coates:_Killer=Jimmy Coates: Killer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Assassins'_Gate:_America_in_Iraq=The Assassins' Gate: America in Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Short_History_of_Christianity=A Short History of Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Jump=The Big Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Radical_Tory:_Garfield_Barwick's_Reflections_and_Recollections=A Radical Tory: Garfield Barwick's Reflections and Recollections
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_the_Consumer_Movement=Encyclopedia of the Consumer Movement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stars_in_their_Courses=The Stars in their Courses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx_the_First=Marx the First
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Living_Cosmos=The Living Cosmos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler:_A_Study_in_Tyranny=Hitler: A Study in Tyranny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Gargoyle=Song of the Gargoyle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plant_Teacher=Plant Teacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Fears_Death=Who Fears Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Secret_History_of_Pandora's_Box=A Secret History of Pandora's Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miri_Jiyori=Miri Jiyori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jungle_West_11=Jungle West 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Himalaya:_Mountains_of_Life=Himalaya: Mountains of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grooming,_Gossip_and_the_Evolution_of_Language=Grooming, Gossip and the Evolution of Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike,_Mike,_Slackers,_&_Dykes=Spike, Mike, Slackers, & Dykes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idols_to_Die=Idols to Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baseball_as_a_Road_to_God=Baseball as a Road to God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Top_of_the_Morning_(book)=Top of the Morning (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorless_Tsukuru_Tazaki_and_His_Years_of_Pilgrimage=Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Christianity=Encyclopedia of Christianity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfect_Chemistry=Perfect Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Pearls:_Revealing_Eden=Save the Pearls: Revealing Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dalek_Generation=The Dalek Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Such_A_Pretty_Girl=Such A Pretty Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death_of_the_Gods=The Death of the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakespeare_and_the_Goddess_of_Complete_Being=Shakespeare and the Goddess of Complete Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lottery_(Beth_Goobie)=The Lottery (Beth Goobie)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sycamore_Row=Sycamore Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Adams_&_the_Cardinals:_A_View_of_Other_Windows=Ryan Adams & the Cardinals: A View of Other Windows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/77_Shadow_Street=77 Shadow Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Curse=Dark Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Guardian_(Dark_Series)=Dark Guardian (Dark Series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Amazing_Thing=One Amazing Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Destiny=Dark Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Celebration=Dark Celebration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Possession=Dark Possession
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Complete_Convenient=Complete Convenient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Population_Control:_Real_Costs,_Illusory_Benefits=Population Control: Real Costs, Illusory Benefits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immediate_Family_(book)=Immediate Family (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Twelve:_Portraits_of_Young_Women=At Twelve: Portraits of Young Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remains_of_Elmet=Remains of Elmet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_How_You_Lose_Her=This Is How You Lose Her
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syair_Abdul_Muluk=Syair Abdul Muluk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sophie_and_the_Rising_Sun=Sophie and the Rising Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Blettsworthy_on_Rampole_Island=Mr. Blettsworthy on Rampole Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autocracy_of_Mr._Parham=The Autocracy of Mr. Parham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soul_of_Baseball=The Soul of Baseball
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thompson_Travel_Agency=The Thompson Travel Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Landing_(novel)=Hard Landing (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captive_Audience=Captive Audience
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vey:_Rise_of_the_Elgen=Michael Vey: Rise of the Elgen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkfever=Darkfever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_of_Promise:_An_Economic_History_of_the_United_States=Land of Promise: An Economic History of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Lottery=German Lottery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_It_Began=How It Began
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Net_Locality=Net Locality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pop-up_maps=Pop-up maps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Downing_Street_Years=The Downing Street Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Professor_Risley_and_the_Imperial_Japanese_Troupe=Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Path_to_Power_(Margaret_Thatcher)=The Path to Power (Margaret Thatcher)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Order_of_Odd-Fish=The Order of Odd-Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulp:_Adventures_on_the_Alimentary_Canal=Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gothic_Earth_Gazetteer=The Gothic Earth Gazetteer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simple_Choices=Simple Choices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persona:_A_Biography_of_Yukio_Mishima=Persona: A Biography of Yukio Mishima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Neighborhood:_What_We_Lost_in_the_Great_Suburban_Migration:_1966-1999=The Old Neighborhood: What We Lost in the Great Suburban Migration: 1966-1999
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Art_and_the_Prehistory_of_Atlantic_Europe=Rock Art and the Prehistory of Atlantic Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discipline_of_Market_Leaders=The Discipline of Market Leaders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_and_Autumn_Annals_of_the_Ten_Kingdoms=Spring and Autumn Annals of the Ten Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Imagined_by_Chance=Girl Imagined by Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonguing_the_Zeitgeist=Tonguing the Zeitgeist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imperialism,_the_Highest_Stage_of_Capitalism=Imperialism, the Highest Stage of Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heirs_of_Hammerfell=The Heirs of Hammerfell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Screaming_Staircase=The Screaming Staircase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Count:_Glory,_Revolution,_Betrayal,_and_the_Real_Count_of_Monte_Cristo=The Black Count: Glory, Revolution, Betrayal, and the Real Count of Monte Cristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fight_(book)=The Fight (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_Yet:_A_Memoir_of_Living_and_Almost_Dying=Not Yet: A Memoir of Living and Almost Dying
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theology_from_the_Womb_of_Asia=Theology from the Womb of Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drowning_Girl=The Drowning Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loranga,_Masarin_och_Dartanjang=Loranga, Masarin och Dartanjang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oasis_(novel)=The Oasis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_World_Shook=When the World Shook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Hour_(novel)=11th Hour (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Happened_to_Burger's_Daughter_or_How_South_African_Censorship_Works=What Happened to Burger's Daughter or How South African Censorship Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NW_(novel)=NW (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invasion_(Harry_novel)=Invasion (Harry novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Architectures_of_Possibility=Architectures of Possibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crack_Capitalism=Crack Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talking_About_Life=Talking About Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hastur_Lord=Hastur Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Work,_Wealth_and_Happiness_of_Mankind=The Work, Wealth and Happiness of Mankind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Godfather_Effect=The Godfather Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ambassador_(West_novel)=The Ambassador (West novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_the_Brunists=The Origin of the Brunists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shadow_Matrix=The Shadow Matrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lean_In=Lean In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaka_Vidura=Kaka Vidura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syair_Siti_Zubaidah_Perang_Cina=Syair Siti Zubaidah Perang Cina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Sniper=American Sniper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Sea:_A_Human_History_of_the_Mediterranean=The Great Sea: A Human History of the Mediterranean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asimat_Jar_Heral_Seema=Asimat Jar Heral Seema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mom_&_Me_&_Mom=Mom & Me & Mom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Silver_Dream=The Silver Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paintings_of_Abanindranath_Tagore=Paintings of Abanindranath Tagore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letter_to_My_Daughter=Letter to My Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traitor's_Sun=Traitor's Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Day_of_Summer_(book)=The Last Day of Summer (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Harvest:_Paintings_of_Rabindranath_Tagore_(book)=The Last Harvest: Paintings of Rabindranath Tagore (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstar_(novel)=Blackstar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Helping_Hurts=When Helping Hurts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_Me_Be_a_Woman=Let Me Be a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khrushchev:_The_Man_and_His_Era=Khrushchev: The Man and His Era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belief_or_Nonbelief%3F=Belief or Nonbelief?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Like_a_Virgin_(book)=Like a Virgin (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_SF:_1968=Best SF: 1968
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juliet_(novel)=Juliet (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_by_Night=Live by Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Blue_Event_Horizon=Beyond the Blue Event Horizon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murder_at_Mt._Fuji=Murder at Mt. Fuji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramachandran:_A_Retrospective=Ramachandran: A Retrospective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcane_Power=Arcane Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Power=Divine Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_and_Memory_in_Early_Medieval_Britain=Death and Memory in Early Medieval Britain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man's_Nightingale=No Man's Nightingale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Boone:_The_Activist=Theodore Boone: The Activist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shashi_Bhusana_Charitam=Shashi Bhusana Charitam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bulpington_of_Blup=The Bulpington of Blup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwork_Prince=Clockwork Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitte_1=Mitte 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biochemical_Predestination=Biochemical Predestination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandiyadevan_Senai_thalaivan=Vandiyadevan Senai thalaivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diana_in_Search_of_Herself=Diana in Search of Herself
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_Leonardo_da_Vinci=The Romance of Leonardo da Vinci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eight_Fantasms_and_Magics=Eight Fantasms and Magics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parzatumar=Parzatumar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Master_(book)=My Master (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Here_and_Now:_Letters,_2008-2011=Here and Now: Letters, 2008-2011
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Story_(Kamala_Das_book)=My Story (Kamala Das book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breaking_India=Breaking India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naalukettu_(novel)=Naalukettu (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Journey:_My_Life_on_the_Field,_In_the_Air,_and_On_the_Air=An American Journey: My Life on the Field, In the Air, and On the Air
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_Mountain=Smoke Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Wilderness=The Last Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caught_(novel)=Caught (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TransAtlantic_(novel)=TransAtlantic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Purity_Myth=The Purity Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Slavery,_American_Freedom=American Slavery, American Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormayude_Arakal=Ormayude Arakal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maranathinte_Nizhalil=Maranathinte Nizhalil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheviyorkkuka!_Anthimakahalam=Cheviyorkkuka! Anthimakahalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike_Oldfield:_A_Life_Dedicated_to_Music=Mike Oldfield: A Life Dedicated to Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Imam's_Army=The Imam's Army
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skyship_Academy:_The_Pearl_Wars=Skyship Academy: The Pearl Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky_Is_Everywhere=The Sky Is Everywhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_of_Me_(novel)=The Best of Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apathy_and_Other_Small_Victories=Apathy and Other Small Victories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arresting_God_in_Kathmandu=Arresting God in Kathmandu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punk:_Chaos_to_Couture=Punk: Chaos to Couture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Country_Doctor_(novel)=A Country Doctor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotten:_No_Irish,_No_Blacks,_No_Dogs=Rotten: No Irish, No Blacks, No Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mediocre_But_Arrogant=Mediocre But Arrogant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/%22W%22_Is_for_Wasted="W" Is for Wasted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_the_English_Working_Class=The Making of the English Working Class
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Bohane=City of Bohane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Team_Rodent=Team Rodent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ape_Man's_Brother=The Ape Man's Brother
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Friday_(Patterson_novel)=Black Friday (Patterson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colette_Baudoche=Colette Baudoche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doomsday_Machine_(book)=The Doomsday Machine (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bioscope_Man=The Bioscope Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Victory_Season=The Victory Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sacred_Hill=The Sacred Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nova_1=Nova 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Quarry_(Iain_Banks_novel)=The Quarry (Iain Banks novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manju_(novel)=Manju (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1968:_Die_Kinder_der_Diktatur=1968: Die Kinder der Diktatur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homo_Sapiens_Berliner_Art=Homo Sapiens Berliner Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Coat=The Black Coat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Harayeko_Manchhe=China Harayeko Manchhe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Nibelungenlied:_Ein_Heldenepos_in_39_Abenteuern=Das Nibelungenlied: Ein Heldenepos in 39 Abenteuern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Venice_Beach=The Prince of Venice Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silicon_Snake_Oil=Silicon Snake Oil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Battle_(Harding)=The Last Battle (Harding)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuck:_Word_Taboo_and_Protecting_Our_First_Amendment_Liberties=Fuck: Word Taboo and Protecting Our First Amendment Liberties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freefall:_America,_Free_Markets,_and_the_Sinking_of_the_World_Economy=Freefall: America, Free Markets, and the Sinking of the World Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nothing_Like_a_Dame=Nothing Like a Dame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_Atlas_of_China=Language Atlas of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acid_Dreams_(book)=Acid Dreams (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Reform_in_Developing_Countries=Land Reform in Developing Countries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dancer_(novel)=Dancer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gallery_of_Children=A Gallery of Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Introduction_to_Animals_and_Political_Theory=An Introduction to Animals and Political Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Offering_(novel)=Burnt Offering (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dexter's_Final_Cut=Dexter's Final Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naree=Naree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sie_Po_Giok=Sie Po Giok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Over_Mars=Shadow Over Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Centauri_or_Die!=Alpha Centauri or Die!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Royal_Ranger=The Royal Ranger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unexplained_Fevers=Unexplained Fevers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stitches_(book)=Stitches (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Does=Love Does
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_of_the_Unicorn:_Dorothy_Stratten_1960-1980=The Killing of the Unicorn: Dorothy Stratten 1960-1980
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieces_of_Time=Pieces of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tjerita_Si_Tjonat=Tjerita Si Tjonat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leftovers_(novel)=The Leftovers (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_We_Could_Tell_(novel)=Stories We Could Tell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred-Foot_Journey=The Hundred-Foot Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Business_as_Usual=The End of Business as Usual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Art_for_Obama=Art for Obama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Insider_(Rao_novel)=The Insider (Rao novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calculated_Risk_(novel)=Calculated Risk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Cuan_Dubh_Drilseach=Air Cuan Dubh Drilseach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stretch_(novel)=The Stretch (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whisper=The Whisper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracking_the_Chupacabra=Tracking the Chupacabra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doomed_(novel)=Doomed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Dog_(novel)=Black Dog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Queen_of_the_Tearling=The Queen of the Tearling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollow_City_(novel)=Hollow City (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engage!=Engage!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_Begins_and_Ends_at_the_Kentucky_Club=Everything Begins and Ends at the Kentucky Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elementary_Principles_in_Statistical_Mechanics=Elementary Principles in Statistical Mechanics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dinner=After Dinner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aftershocks_(play)=Aftershocks (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_No_More_Shall_We_Part=And No More Shall We Part
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angela's_Kitchen=Angela's Kitchen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_is_Near_And_It's_Going_To_Be_Awesome=The End is Near And It's Going To Be Awesome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rough_Guide_to_True_Crime=The Rough Guide to True Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raven_Black=Raven Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Short_Cut=The Long Short Cut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghosts_of_the_Heaviside_Layer,_and_Other_Fantasms=The Ghosts of the Heaviside Layer, and Other Fantasms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babyteeth_(play)=Babyteeth (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barassi_(play)=Barassi (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Words=Beautiful Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soulacoaster:_The_Diary_of_Me=Soulacoaster: The Diary of Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oh_Pray_My_Wings_Are_Gonna_Fit_Me_Well=Oh Pray My Wings Are Gonna Fit Me Well
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaker,_Why_Don't_You_Sing%3F=Shaker, Why Don't You Sing?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_Dutch_painters_and_paintresses=The Lives of Dutch painters and paintresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pak_Sar_Jamin_Sad_Bad=Pak Sar Jamin Sad Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_of_Bones=Empire of Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kill_Order=The Kill Order
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Something_Like_an_Autobiography=Something Like an Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russian_Roulette_(novel)=Russian Roulette (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alton_Gift=The Alton Gift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile's_Song=Exile's Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lives_of_the_Necromancers=Lives of the Necromancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegiant_(novel)=Allegiant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Propinquity_(novel)=Propinquity (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Beginnings=Magical Beginnings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrible_Beginnings=Horrible Beginnings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Condition_of_the_Working_Class_in_England=The Condition of the Working Class in England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Fish_Two_Fish_Red_Fish_Blue_Fish=One Fish Two Fish Red Fish Blue Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_(book)=Saint (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Forest=Lady of the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Targeted_Killings:_Law_and_Morality_in_an_Asymmetrical_World=Targeted Killings: Law and Morality in an Asymmetrical World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Glen=Lady of the Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedlam_(Brookmyre_novel)=Bedlam (Brookmyre novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Absalom=Losing Absalom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_Two_Waves=Between Two Waves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blabbermouth_(play)=Blabbermouth (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Box_149=Black Box 149
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Sequin_Dress=The Black Sequin Dress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_My_Heart_(novel)=Cross My Heart (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opposing_Shore=The Opposing Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Edge=Bleeding Edge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bondman_(novel)=The Bondman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head_Smash=Head Smash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Giant_is_Dancing=The Blind Giant is Dancing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bombshells_(play)=Bombshells (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chocolates_for_Breakfast=Chocolates for Breakfast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boss_of_the_Pool=Boss of the Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_Malaysia=The Making of Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_Black=How to Be Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bougainville_Photoplay_Project=The Bougainville Photoplay Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Despite_the_Falling_Snow=Despite the Falling Snow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvest_of_Time=Harvest of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smarakasilakal=Smarakasilakal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warriors:_Omen_of_the_Stars=Warriors: Omen of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trapped_in_the_Saturday_Matinee=Trapped in the Saturday Matinee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_Retribution=Transformers: Retribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewire:_Digital_Cosmopolitans_in_the_Age_of_Connection=Rewire: Digital Cosmopolitans in the Age of Connection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_and_Death_in_Bali=Love and Death in Bali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Season_Ticket:_A_Baseball_Companion=Season Ticket: A Baseball Companion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunei_and_Malaysia=Brunei and Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everfound_(novel)=Everfound (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ara_Nazhika_Neram=Ara Nazhika Neram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyanyi_Sunyi=Nyanyi Sunyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Richten's_Guide_to_the_Created=Van Richten's Guide to the Created
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Quest=First Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Player's_Guide_to_the_Forgotten_Realms_Campaign=Player's Guide to the Forgotten Realms Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Will_and_the_Way=The Will and the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Book_of_Villains=The Complete Book of Villains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Druid's_Handbook=The Complete Druid's Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fighter's_Player_Pack=Fighter's Player Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thief's_Player_Pack=Thief's Player Pack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masque_of_the_Red_Death_and_Other_Tales=Masque of the Red Death and Other Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Steel_(boxed_set)=Red Steel (boxed set)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karameikos:_Kingdom_of_Adventure=Karameikos: Kingdom of Adventure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogues_in_Lankhmar=Rogues in Lankhmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Book_of_Necromancers=The Complete Book of Necromancers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism_Without_Embellishment=Judaism Without Embellishment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnisakshi_(novel)=Agnisakshi (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arohanam=Arohanam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurusagaram=Gurusagaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dugout_to_Foxhole=Dugout to Foxhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muhammad:_His_Life_Based_on_the_Earliest_Sources=Muhammad: His Life Based on the Earliest Sources
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Muslim_100=The Muslim 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Bangladeshi_Who's_Who=British Bangladeshi Who's Who
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Bangladeshi_Power_&_Inspiration_100=British Bangladeshi Power & Inspiration 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muslim_Power_100=Muslim Power 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_500_Most_Influential_Muslims=The 500 Most Influential Muslims
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovesong_(novel)=Lovesong (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autumn_Laing=Autumn Laing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Mischief=God's Mischief
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Awakening_Land_trilogy=The Awakening Land trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cities_of_Salt=Cities of Salt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Imperative_Duty=An Imperative Duty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayar=Kayar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thottiyude_Makan=Thottiyude Makan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Deep_Six_(novel)=The Deep Six (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creating_Greater_Malaysia=Creating Greater Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesavan's_Lamentations=Kesavan's Lamentations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pravasam=Pravasam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HistoryMapped=HistoryMapped
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dionysian-Dithyrambs=Dionysian-Dithyrambs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barsa_(novel)=Barsa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idylls_from_Messina=Idylls from Messina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ocean_at_the_End_of_the_Lane=The Ocean at the End of the Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(novel)=Smoke (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baptism_of_Fire_(novel)=Baptism of Fire (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_the_Rivers=The Lady of the Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnes_(novel)=Agnes (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Political_Thought_of_Tarique_Rahman=The Political Thought of Tarique Rahman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holodomor:_The_Unknown_Ukrainian_Tragedy_(1932-1933)=Holodomor: The Unknown Ukrainian Tragedy (1932-1933)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everfree=Everfree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophy_in_90_Minutes_series=Philosophy in 90 Minutes series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Garden:_Armenia_and_Azerbaijan_Through_Peace_and_War=Black Garden: Armenia and Azerbaijan Through Peace and War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Underpants_and_the_Tyrannical_Retaliation_of_the_Turbo_Toilet_2000=Captain Underpants and the Tyrannical Retaliation of the Turbo Toilet 2000
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Does_the_World_Exist%3F=Why Does the World Exist?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatham_Mound=Tatham Mound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eat_to_Live=Eat to Live
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taranauts=Taranauts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_in_the_Grove=Devil in the Grove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That's_Not_Funny,_That's_Sick_(book)=That's Not Funny, That's Sick (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck:_A_Memoir=Buck: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon_under_the_Microscope=The Demon under the Microscope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hit_(Baldacci_novel)=The Hit (Baldacci novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innocent_(Baldacci_novel)=The Innocent (Baldacci novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Waste_Makers=The Waste Makers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_Behavior=Flight Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Clare=Villa Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Safety_Matches=The Safety Matches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makes_Me_Wanna_Holler=Makes Me Wanna Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What's_Going_On_(book)=What's Going On (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Them:_A_Novel=Them: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caspian_Rain=Caspian Rain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars_and_History=Star Wars and History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Under_Fire=Rose Under Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo's_Calling=The Cuckoo's Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Signal_and_the_Noise=The Signal and the Noise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ways_That_Are_Dark=Ways That Are Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prelude_to_a_Million_Years=Prelude to a Million Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Pilgrimage=Wild Pilgrimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman's_Drum=Madman's Drum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_(wordless_novel)=Vertigo (wordless novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Compound_(book)=The Compound (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Restatement_of_the_English_Law_of_Unjust_Enrichment=A Restatement of the English Law of Unjust Enrichment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sibley_Guide_to_Bird_Life_and_Behavior=The Sibley Guide to Bird Life and Behavior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_of_the_Black-Haired_Girl=Death of the Black-Haired Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manuscript_Found_in_Accra=Manuscript Found in Accra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magical_Moment_TweetBook=The Magical Moment TweetBook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_(Sansom_novel)=Dominion (Sansom novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_vereda_del_destino=La vereda del destino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almas_de_vagar=Almas de vagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lo_no_dicho=Lo no dicho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dances_with_Wolves_(novel)=Dances with Wolves (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Even_Though_I_Don't_Miss_You=Even Though I Don't Miss You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flyy_Girl=Flyy Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islam_at_the_Crossroads=Islam at the Crossroads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Mecca_(book)=The Road to Mecca (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Transhumanist_Wager=The Transhumanist Wager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Wars:_The_Old_Republic:_Annihilation=Star Wars: The Old Republic: Annihilation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prince_of_Providence=The Prince of Providence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_Overboard=Boy Overboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Principles_of_State_and_Government_in_Islam=The Principles of State and Government in Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U2_by_U2=U2 by U2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahih_Al-Bukhari:_The_Early_Years_of_Islam=Sahih Al-Bukhari: The Early Years of Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mad_About_Physics=Mad About Physics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champions_of_the_Mists=Champions of the Mists
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guide_to_Hell=Guide to Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drizzt_Do'Urden's_Guide_to_the_Underdark=Drizzt Do'Urden's Guide to the Underdark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dungeons_&_Dragons_Adventure_Game=Dungeons & Dragons Adventure Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastion_of_Faith=Bastion of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest's_Spell_Compendium=Priest's Spell Compendium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_Presents:_Races_and_Classes=Wizards Presents: Races and Classes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moonlight_on_the_Avenue_of_Faith=Moonlight on the Avenue of Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunday's_Silence=Sunday's Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butcher_of_Amritsar=The Butcher of Amritsar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cry_of_the_Peacock_(novel)=Cry of the Peacock (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Davao=Escape from Davao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lie_of_Reinvention=A Lie of Reinvention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darling_(novel)=The Darling (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark's_War=Stark's War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traveling_in_Sin=Traveling in Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Pilgrim=I Am Pilgrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Account_of_Corsica=An Account of Corsica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquor_(novel_series)=Liquor (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Star_Billionaire=Five Star Billionaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kills_(Richard_House_novel)=The Kills (Richard House novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Shall_Not_Be_Moved_(poetry)=I Shall Not Be Moved (poetry)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nucle_Saga_I=The Nucle Saga I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Thongor=Young Thongor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oxford_Companion_to_Beer=The Oxford Companion to Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lightning_of_August=The Lightning of August
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Midnight_Zoo=The Midnight Zoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Masterpieces_of_Science_Fiction=Modern Masterpieces of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masterpieces_of_Science_Fiction=Masterpieces of Science Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Collected_Poems_of_Maya_Angelou=The Complete Collected Poems of Maya Angelou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleeding_Shadows=Bleeding Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marx's_Revenge=Marx's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Longest_Ride=The Longest Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Impossible_Monsters=Impossible Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Wrong_Places_(book)=All the Wrong Places (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Start_a_Business_in_Taiwan=How to Start a Business in Taiwan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_ortu_et_progressu_morum=De ortu et progressu morum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibliotheca_Anatomica=Bibliotheca Anatomica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Catcher_Was_a_Spy=The Catcher Was a Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Benny_(novel)=Her Benny (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo_Said_She_Was_Quirky=Mo Said She Was Quirky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Etymologicon=The Etymologicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Mercedes=Mr. Mercedes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_War_of_Shadows=A War of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bano_(novel)=Bano (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pervenci=Pervenci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Reborn=Time Reborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Pakistani_Safarnama=Mera Pakistani Safarnama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Presence_of_Mine_Enemies:_1965-1973_-_A_Prisoner_of_War=In the Presence of Mine Enemies: 1965-1973 - A Prisoner of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_in_Time=Tales in Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Invention_of_the_Jewish_People=The Invention of the Jewish People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Monkey_(novel)=Bad Monkey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MaddAddam=MaddAddam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Production_of_Hindu-Muslim_Violence_in_Contemporary_India=The Production of Hindu-Muslim Violence in Contemporary India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zealot:_The_Life_and_Times_of_Jesus_of_Nazareth=Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Docherty_(novel)=Docherty (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sky:_The_Art_of_Final_Fantasy=The Sky: The Art of Final Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_or_Dead_(novel)=Red or Dead (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thicket_(novel)=The Thicket (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tales_in_Space=Tales in Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bane_Chronicles=The Bane Chronicles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Citizen_(novel)=First Citizen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sea_is_Full_of_Stars=The Sea is Full of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_of_the_Well_of_Souls=Ghost of the Well of Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Keeper=The Time Keeper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enemies_at_Home=Enemies at Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gog_(novel)=Gog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collective_Unconscience_of_Odd_Bodkins=The Collective Unconscience of Odd Bodkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Edge_of_Tomorrow_(1958_book)=The Edge of Tomorrow (1958 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty,_Disrupted=Beauty, Disrupted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Animal_in_You=The Animal in You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Children_of_Dynmouth=The Children of Dynmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Persian_Sphinx=The Persian Sphinx
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Papers_of_Tony_Veitch=The Papers of Tony Veitch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Loyalties=Strange Loyalties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shades_of_Grey:_Glasgow_1956-86=Shades of Grey: Glasgow 1956-86
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleriel,_or_A_Voyage_to_Other_Worlds=Aleriel, or A Voyage to Other Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baby_Driver=Baby Driver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trainsong=Trainsong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oeroeg=Oeroeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Life_(book)=Metropolitan Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Studies_(book)=Social Studies (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aristotle_and_Dante_Discover_the_Secrets_of_the_Universe=Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Secrets_(Columbus_and_Vizzini_novel)=House of Secrets (Columbus and Vizzini novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fran_Lebowitz_Reader=The Fran Lebowitz Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Chas_and_Lisa_Sue_Meet_the_Pandas=Mr. Chas and Lisa Sue Meet the Pandas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Explorers_of_the_Body=Explorers of the Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rule_Britannia_(novel)=Rule Britannia (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exterior_Signs_of_Wealth=Exterior Signs of Wealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progress_(book)=Progress (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mountain_Lion=The Mountain Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Industrial_Revolution:_How_Lateral_Power_is_Transforming_Energy,_the_Economy,_and_the_World=The Third Industrial Revolution: How Lateral Power is Transforming Energy, the Economy, and the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homo_Handbook=The Homo Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecology_of_Fear=Ecology of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmony:_A_New_Way_of_Looking_at_Our_World=Harmony: A New Way of Looking at Our World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Throne_of_the_Crescent_Moon=Throne of the Crescent Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Station_(novel)=Angel Station (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Return_to_Modesty=A Return to Modesty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Girl_Revolution=The Good Girl Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmir:_The_Case_for_Freedom=Kashmir: The Case for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_Hard_Luck=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Hard Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Boy_Scout_Around_the_World=A Boy Scout Around the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wudai_Huiyao=Wudai Huiyao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Americanah=Americanah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_or_Grace:_The_Intersect=Luck or Grace: The Intersect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaccine:_The_Controversial_Story_of_Medicine's_Greatest_Lifesaver=Vaccine: The Controversial Story of Medicine's Greatest Lifesaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rage_Against_Heaven=A Rage Against Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_34th_Rule=The 34th Rule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Age_of_Miracles_(novel)=The Age of Miracles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Vision_of_Britain:_A_Personal_View_of_Architecture=A Vision of Britain: A Personal View of Architecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reasonable_Faith_(book)=Reasonable Faith (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Never_Go_Back=Never Go Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Pheromone_Myth=The Great Pheromone Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvation_of_a_Saint=Salvation of a Saint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight:_A_Quantum_Fiction_Novel=Flight: A Quantum Fiction Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Writer's_Journey:_Mythic_Structure_for_Writers=The Writer's Journey: Mythic Structure for Writers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Passages=Forbidden Passages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Dr._Honigberger=The Secret of Dr. Honigberger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madman's_Island=Madman's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasseter's_Last_Ride=Lasseter's Last Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Dust_and_Ashes=Gold Dust and Ashes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flynn_of_the_Inland=Flynn of the Inland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Desert_Column=The Desert Column
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cattle_King=The Cattle King
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_of_Mer=Drums of Mer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eliot_Indian_Bible=Eliot Indian Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Tasty_and_Healthy_Food=The Book of Tasty and Healthy Food
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Navigator_(Pocalyko_novel)=The Navigator (Pocalyko novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veerapandiya_Kattabomman_(book)=Veerapandiya Kattabomman (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit_Rock_City_(book)=Detroit Rock City (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athyra=Athyra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_the_Isle_of_Man=The Story of the Isle of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selling_Sickness=Selling Sickness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_All_Legends=We Are All Legends
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treatment_Trap=The Treatment Trap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kissing_Shakespeare=Kissing Shakespeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Path_(novel)=The Black Path (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overtreated=Overtreated
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Speed_Traders=The Speed Traders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamienie_na_szaniec=Kamienie na szaniec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tjerita_Oeij_Se=Tjerita Oeij Se
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Echoes=Lost Echoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tokyo_Vice=Tokyo Vice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Promenade_du_sceptique=La Promenade du sceptique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orchard_of_Lost_Souls=The Orchard of Lost Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prisoners_of_Hope=Prisoners of Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Convergence_of_Birds=A Convergence of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicante_Innovation_and_Territory=Alicante Innovation and Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holder's_Dominion=The Holder's Dominion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Gang_(novel)=The Black Gang (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Round_(novel)=The Third Round (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Count=The Final Count
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Female_of_the_Species_(novel)=The Female of the Species (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Tower_(novel)=Temple Tower (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Bulldog_Drummond_(novel)=The Return of Bulldog Drummond (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knock-Out_(novel)=Knock-Out (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulldog_Drummond_at_Bay_(novel)=Bulldog Drummond at Bay (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Challenge_(novel)=Challenge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/System_of_Transcendental_Idealism=System of Transcendental Idealism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overdosed_America=Overdosed America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sekenre:_The_Book_of_the_Sorcerer=Sekenre: The Book of the Sorcerer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swipe_(novel)=Swipe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Courts_of_the_Conqueror=In the Courts of the Conqueror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12th_of_Never_(novel)=12th of Never (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood_Imperium=Wildwood Imperium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echoes_of_the_Goddess=Echoes of the Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pathologies=The Pathologies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Girl_Bleed_a_Lot=White Girl Bleed a Lot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neil_Gaiman_Reader=The Neil Gaiman Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dissident_Gardens=Dissident Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sneak_(novel)=Sneak (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_&_Park=Eleanor & Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_God_Child=The God Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Post-Birthday_World=The Post-Birthday World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confessions_of_a_Sociopath=Confessions of a Sociopath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_the_Ancient_Word_and_Other_Fantastic_Stories=The Emperor of the Ancient Word and Other Fantastic Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winds_of_Sinhala=Winds of Sinhala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bicycle_Days=Bicycle Days
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Command_Authority=Command Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelve_Steps_and_Twelve_Traditions=Twelve Steps and Twelve Traditions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Room_on_the_Roof=The Room on the Roof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Discworld_IV:_Judgement_Day=The Science of Discworld IV: Judgement Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Four:_Tobias_Tells_the_Divergent_Knife-Throwing_Scene=Free Four: Tobias Tells the Divergent Knife-Throwing Scene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Divergent:_The_Path_to_Allegiant=The World of Divergent: The Path to Allegiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four:_A_Divergent_Collection=Four: A Divergent Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_(Angler_novel)=Storm (Angler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Southern_Tang_(Lu_You)=Book of Southern Tang (Lu You)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Si-cology_1=Si-cology 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/GI_Brides=GI Brides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Turn,_Mr._Moto=Your Turn, Mr. Moto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monty_the_Dog_who_wears_glasses=Monty the Dog who wears glasses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartaman_Bharat=Bartaman Bharat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Me,_Eddie=It's Me, Eddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_Oil:_A_Straight_Story_of_the_Canadian_Oil_Sands=The Future of Oil: A Straight Story of the Canadian Oil Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_Anthropology=Seeing Anthropology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_O'Bedlam's_Night_Out_and_Other_Strange_Excursions=Tom O'Bedlam's Night Out and Other Strange Excursions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Return_of_Philip_Latinowicz=The Return of Philip Latinowicz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messrs._Glembay=Messrs. Glembay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_World_War_(book)=The Second World War (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_Sherwood=Lady of Sherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necropolis_(Pahor_novel)=Necropolis (Pahor novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Basic_Plots=The Seven Basic Plots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Can't_Read_this_Book=You Can't Read this Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Luminaries=The Luminaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croatian_God_Mars=Croatian God Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_in_the_End_Times=Living in the End Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Paris_Wife=The Paris Wife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_of_the_Wolf_(book)=Hour of the Wolf (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Lion=The Young Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standing_in_Another_Man's_Grave=Standing in Another Man's Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transients_and_Other_Disquieting_Stories=Transients and Other Disquieting Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Refugees_from_an_Imaginary_Country=Refugees from an Imaginary Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Years_of_Silence=Fifty Years of Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightscapes:_Tales_of_the_Ominous_and_Magical=Nightscapes: Tales of the Ominous and Magical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brynhild_(novel)=Brynhild (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilles_(novel)=Gilles (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springhaven=Springhaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maid_of_Sker=The Maid of Sker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cradock_Nowell=Cradock Nowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_All_Nations_from_the_Earliest_Times=A History of All Nations from the Earliest Times
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fangirl_(novel)=Fangirl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christowell=Christowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flotsam_(novel)=Flotsam (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Anerley=Mary Anerley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Village_(Grigorovich_novel)=The Village (Grigorovich novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_World_and_the_Small:_More_Tales_of_the_Ominous_and_Magical=The Great World and the Small: More Tales of the Ominous and Magical
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erema=Erema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Necromancies_and_Netherworlds:_Uncanny_Stories=Necromancies and Netherworlds: Uncanny Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadly_Things:_A_Collection_of_Mysterious_Tales_/_The_Judgment_of_the_Gods_and_Other_Verdicts_of_History=Deadly Things: A Collection of Mysterious Tales / The Judgment of the Gods and Other Verdicts of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_(novel)=The Other (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broom_&_Groom=Broom & Groom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dariel=Dariel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Knew_Coolidge=The Man Who Knew Coolidge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Upbuilding_Discourses,_1844=Four Upbuilding Discourses, 1844
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_with_the_Dead_(The_Tale_of_Old_Corpsenberg)=Living with the Dead (The Tale of Old Corpsenberg)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindbergh_(book)=Lindbergh (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_and_Kitty=Kit and Kitty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perlycross=Perlycross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circle_(Eggers_novel)=The Circle (Eggers novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Croquet_Player=The Croquet Player
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Committed:_A_Skeptic_Makes_Peace_with_Marriage=Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mob_Girl=Mob Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Easy_Way_to_Stop_Smoking=The Easy Way to Stop Smoking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_War_(novel)=The Long War (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flamethrowers=The Flamethrowers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anita_Bryant_Story=The Anita Bryant Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_Who_Plucked_Red_Flowers_beneath_the_Queen's_Window=The Lady Who Plucked Red Flowers beneath the Queen's Window
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Time_and_Space_and_Other_Things=Of Time and Space and Other Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Earth_to_Heaven=From Earth to Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science,_Numbers,_and_I=Science, Numbers, and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_Matters_Great_and_Small=Of Matters Great and Small
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Planet_That_Wasn't=The Planet That Wasn't
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homosexual_Behaviour:_Therapy_and_Assessment=Homosexual Behaviour: Therapy and Assessment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Straight_(1968_book)=Growing Up Straight (1968 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growing_Up_Straight_(1982_book)=Growing Up Straight (1982 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_Order_Book=The Birth Order Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commando_(book)=Commando (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_to_Infinity=The Road to Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U_and_I:_A_True_Story=U and I: A True Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Snail_and_the_Whale=The Snail and the Whale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Did_Jesus_Exist%3F_(Ehrman)=Did Jesus Exist? (Ehrman)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Power_Trip:_A_Decade_of_Policy,_Plots_and_Spin=Power Trip: A Decade of Policy, Plots and Spin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shaping_Your_Child's_Sexual_Identity=Shaping Your Child's Sexual Identity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prayogshala=Prayogshala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etymological_dictionary_of_Slavic_languages=Etymological dictionary of Slavic languages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_(book)=Wilson (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Kingdom=The Third Kingdom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hormones_and_Brain_Differentiation=Hormones and Brain Differentiation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shoes_of_the_Fisherman_(novel)=The Shoes of the Fisherman (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mississippi_Bubble=The Mississippi Bubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pregnancy,_Birth_and_Abortion=Pregnancy, Birth and Abortion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex_Offenders_(1965_book)=Sex Offenders (1965 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Night_In_Toyland=Dark Night In Toyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Is_How_You_Die=This Is How You Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buah_Rindu=Buah Rindu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_Homosexuality_a_Menace%3F=Is Homosexuality a Menace?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tjhit_Liap_Seng=Tjhit Liap Seng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Be_or_Not_to_Be_(book)=To Be or Not to Be (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelley:_A_Life_Story=Shelley: A Life Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disaster_Artist=The Disaster Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Wrote_Frankenstein=The Man Who Wrote Frankenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_AIDS_War=The AIDS War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Listed:_Dispatches_from_America's_Endangered_Species_Act=Listed: Dispatches from America's Endangered Species Act
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voice_of_Our_Shadow=Voice of Our Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Male_Homosexuality_in_Four_Societies=Male Homosexuality in Four Societies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lieutenant_(novel)=The Lieutenant (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rousing_Call_to_Hindu_Nation=Rousing Call to Hindu Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centuries_of_Childhood=Centuries of Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Homosexual_Matrix=The Homosexual Matrix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_Vaghia=The Treasure of Vaghia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesbian_Poetry:_An_Anthology=Lesbian Poetry: An Anthology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_sun=When the sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Destiny=The Sword of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Steel_Breeze=On the Steel Breeze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Person_Singular_(novel)=Second Person Singular (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_letters_(novel)=Love letters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuba_Libre_(novel)=Cuba Libre (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Historia_Stirpium_Commentarii_Insignes=De Historia Stirpium Commentarii Insignes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlands_(poetry_book)=Meadowlands (poetry book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plume_(book)=Plume (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peaceful_War=Peaceful War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raise_the_Bar=Raise the Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Success_Sutras_for_the_21st_Century=Success Sutras for the 21st Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangeet_Kalpataru=Sangeet Kalpataru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_about_Truman_School=The Truth about Truman School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sin_(Prilepin_novel)=Sin (Prilepin novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay_Marriage_(book)=Gay Marriage (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_Pastoral=Before Pastoral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Lansdale_Series=Lost Lansdale Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casanegra=Casanegra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anticlimax_(book)=Anticlimax (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Aboard_for_Ararat=All Aboard for Ararat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Old_Man_and_the_Bureaucrats=The Old Man and the Bureaucrats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cancer_Survivors_Club=The Cancer Survivors Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pretender:_Rebirth=The Pretender: Rebirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Leadership_Challenge=The Leadership Challenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worst._Person._Ever.=Worst. Person. Ever.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Industrial_Vagina=The Industrial Vagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mike's_Election_Guide_2008=Mike's Election Guide 2008
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willobie_His_Avisa=Willobie His Avisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheelmen=Wheelmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blood_of_Olympus=The Blood of Olympus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreams_of_Other_Worlds=Dreams of Other Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gate_of_Worlds=The Gate of Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reckoners=The Reckoners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_Saddam=In the Shadow of Saddam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You:_A_Novel=You: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Wife_(novel)=God's Wife (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannonball_(novel)=Cannonball (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay,_Straight,_and_the_Reason_Why=Gay, Straight, and the Reason Why
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medieval_Children=Medieval Children
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Summer:_America_1927=One Summer: America 1927
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Give_Sorrow_Words=Give Sorrow Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empire_Strikes_Out=The Empire Strikes Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timeline_of_science_fiction=Timeline of science fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragedy_of_Liberation=The Tragedy of Liberation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottage_Economy=Cottage Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_Terror_(Wells_novel)=The Holy Terror (Wells novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_David_Kopay_Story=The David Kopay Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Sexuality_(book)=Human Sexuality (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memories_with_Maya=Memories with Maya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lie_(novel)=The Lie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Orenda=The Orenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shattered_(Eric_Walters_novel)=Shattered (Eric Walters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolen_Childhood=Stolen Childhood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fall_of_Five=The Fall of Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deeply_Odd=Deeply Odd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encountering_Life_in_the_Universe=Encountering Life in the Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Three_Sui_Quash_the_Demons'_Revolt=The Three Sui Quash the Demons' Revolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damini_Bhir=Damini Bhir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Street_(novel)=Eureka Street (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seto_Dharti=Seto Dharti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikalpahin_nahin_hai_duniya=Vikalpahin nahin hai duniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skies_Belong_to_Us=The Skies Belong to Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_the_First_Is_Too_Late=October the First Is Too Late
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnali_Blues=Karnali Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bite_in_the_Apple=The Bite in the Apple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girls:_Sappho_Goes_to_Hollywood=The Girls: Sappho Goes to Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Baby's_Best_Shot=Your Baby's Best Shot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexual_Desire_(book)=Sexual Desire (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Child_Across_the_Sky=A Child Across the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Philosophy_of_Eating=The Philosophy of Eating
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Crime=My Life in Crime
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckold_(novel)=Cuckold (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Women,_Culture,_and_Society=Women, Culture, and Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gossip_from_the_Forest_(Maitland_book)=Gossip from the Forest (Maitland book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autobiography_(Morrissey)=Autobiography (Morrissey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anton_Goremyka=Anton Goremyka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Cool=Zero Cool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Spirits_Heal,_Others_Only_Dance=Some Spirits Heal, Others Only Dance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Cannoli=The Last Cannoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_with_the_Most_Cake=Girl with the Most Cake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Need_New_Names=We Need New Names
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Panopticon_(book)=The Panopticon (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lesser_Evil:_Political_Ethics_in_an_Age_of_Terror=The Lesser Evil: Political Ethics in an Age of Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_Me_Another_Morning=Tell Me Another Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coming_Collapse_of_China=The Coming Collapse of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jimmy_and_the_Crawler=Jimmy and the Crawler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Googled:_The_End_of_the_World_as_We_Know_It=Googled: The End of the World as We Know It
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ten_Birds=Ten Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alex_Ferguson:_My_Autobiography=Alex Ferguson: My Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crazy_Man=The Crazy Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Train_(book)=Ghost Train (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella's_Tree=Bella's Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Letters_from_Hav=Last Letters from Hav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Couple_of_Boys_Have_the_Best_Week_Ever=A Couple of Boys Have the Best Week Ever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Linux_Programming_Interface=The Linux Programming Interface
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creepy_Carrots!=Creepy Carrots!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Cake_Is_for_the_Party=This Cake Is for the Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adam_and_Eve_and_Pinch_Me_(Johnston_novel)=Adam and Eve and Pinch Me (Johnston novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_for_Extinction=Education for Extinction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kluge_(book)=Kluge (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tiny_Kite_of_Eddie_Wing=The Tiny Kite of Eddie Wing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reluctant_Journal_of_Henry_K._Larsen=The Reluctant Journal of Henry K. Larsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_Kellock_Died_Today=Johnny Kellock Died Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_I_Learned_Geography=How I Learned Geography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Sings_from_Treetops:_A_Year_in_Colors=Red Sings from Treetops: A Year in Colors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubba_Ho-Tep_(novella)=Bubba Ho-Tep (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancient_Thunder=Ancient Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liminal_States=Liminal States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Friend_of_the_Family=A Friend of the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_House_of_Discarded_Dreams=The House of Discarded Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuck,_A_Love_Story=Yuck, A Love Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_A_Day=Imagine A Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11_Birthdays=11 Birthdays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alphabeasts=Alphabeasts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Island_in_the_Soup=An Island in the Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Confessions_of_a_Heartless_Girl=True Confessions of a Heartless Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shepherd's_Grand-Daughter=The Shepherd's Grand-Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackout_(John_Rocco_novel)=Blackout (John Rocco novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Cable=Jane Cable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Curse_of_the_Wendigo=The Curse of the Wendigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_and_Goliath_(book)=David and Goliath (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_American_Short_Stories_2012=The Best American Short Stories 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looking_for_X=Looking for X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkinson_&_Hilgard's_Introduction_to_Psychology=Atkinson & Hilgard's Introduction to Psychology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovering_Psychology_(book)=Discovering Psychology (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_arte_supputandi=De arte supputandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practice_to_Deceive=Practice to Deceive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mookajjiya_Kanasugalu=Mookajjiya Kanasugalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Field_of_Life_and_Death=The Field of Life and Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Archivist=The Archivist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Bad=Half Bad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mismeasure_of_Desire=The Mismeasure of Desire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerhill_(book)=Summerhill (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_City=Happy City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Final_Invention=Our Final Invention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Hacker_Manifesto=A Hacker Manifesto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caxtons=The Caxtons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Written_in_My_Own_Heart's_Blood=Written in My Own Heart's Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_John_series=Lord John series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Corn=Hot Corn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At_Night_We_Walk_in_Circles=At Night We Walk in Circles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Page=The Dark Page
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glock:_The_Rise_of_America's_Gun=Glock: The Rise of America's Gun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Down:_Game_Change_2012=Double Down: Game Change 2012
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babylon_series_(Imogen_Edwards-Jones)=Babylon series (Imogen Edwards-Jones)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Life-Size_(novel)=Life-Size (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lowland=The Lowland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parasite_(Grant_novel)=Parasite (Grant novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Count_No_Man_Happy:_A_Byzantine_Fantasy=Count No Man Happy: A Byzantine Fantasy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nighthawk_Star=The Nighthawk Star
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midaregami=Midaregami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Bullies=Government Bullies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_and_Peter=Joan and Peter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/UN_investigation_of_chemical_weapons_use_in_Ghouta=UN investigation of chemical weapons use in Ghouta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berts_dagbok=Berts dagbok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirteen_Albatrosses_(or,_Falling_off_the_Mountain)=Thirteen Albatrosses (or, Falling off the Mountain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berts_vidare_betraktelser=Berts vidare betraktelser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berts_ytterligare_betraktelser=Berts ytterligare betraktelser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berts_bravader=Berts bravader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Paradise!=This is Paradise!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holidays_in_Hell=Holidays in Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lost_Father=The Lost Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Patron_Saint_of_Liars_(novel)=The Patron Saint of Liars (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Grover_in_Outer_Space=The Adventures of Grover in Outer Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Move_UP_(book)=Move UP (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiwan_Kada_Ki_Phool=Jiwan Kada Ki Phool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private:_Number_1_Suspect_(James_Patterson_novel)=Private: Number 1 Suspect (James Patterson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billy_Bunter_of_Greyfriars_School_(novel)=Billy Bunter of Greyfriars School (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_och_badbrudarna=Bert och badbrudarna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sune_och_Svarta_Mannen=Sune och Svarta Mannen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berts_bekymmer=Berts bekymmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incredulity_of_Father_Brown=The Incredulity of Father Brown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Incandescent_Ones=The Incandescent Ones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Body_Count_(book)=Body Count (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embers_of_War=Embers of War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_och_brorsorna=Bert och brorsorna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_och_bacillerna=Bert och bacillerna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bert_och_Boysen=Bert och Boysen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berts_bryderier=Berts bryderier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagan_om_Sune=Sagan om Sune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_34-Ton_Bat=The 34-Ton Bat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth_Awakens=Earth Awakens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_the_Veil_of_Stars=Beyond the Veil of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outside_the_Dog_Museum=Outside the Dog Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Silence=After Silence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanto:_Novelucha_libre=Xanto: Novelucha libre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_Magic_(novel)=Battle Magic (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People_of_Forever_Are_Not_Afraid=The People of Forever Are Not Afraid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Of_True_Religion=Of True Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finnlands_Lebensraum=Finnlands Lebensraum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonina:_A_Byzantine_Slut=Antonina: A Byzantine Slut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataract_City=Cataract City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beneath_the_Gated_Sky=Beneath the Gated Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Big_Book_of_Horrible_Things=The Great Big Book of Horrible Things
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theory_and_History=Theory and History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timur_and_His_Squad=Timur and His Squad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortall_and_Other_Lands=Tortall and Other Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_Who_Came_Back_from_Heaven=The Boy Who Came Back from Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/And_Every_Day_Was_Overcast=And Every Day Was Overcast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_entren_al_1408=No entren al 1408
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderground=The Wanderground
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Let_the_Old_Dreams_Die=Let the Old Dreams Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Until_Thy_Wrath_be_Past=Until Thy Wrath be Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Deadly_Sin=The Second Deadly Sin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sonrisa_etrusca=La sonrisa etrusca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/If_It's_Not_Forever=If It's Not Forever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downturn_Abbey=Downturn Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Trojan_Horse_(book)=Operation Trojan Horse (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Fort_of_Nine_Towers=A Fort of Nine Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_Pind_(book)=Mera Pind (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origins_of_the_Second_World_War=The Origins of the Second World War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_Road_(novel)=Peachtree Road (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Filipino_Women=Three Filipino Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Road_(Jimmie_Johnson)=On the Road (Jimmie Johnson)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Great_Game=A Great Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ayn_Rand_Cult=The Ayn Rand Cult
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Chains=Invisible Chains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellory_the_Warlock=Kellory the Warlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Tyrants=Blood of Tyrants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Officer_and_a_Spy=An Officer and a Spy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Women_(anthology)=Dangerous Women (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Course_of_German_History=The Course of German History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_of_Fire_and_Thorns=The Girl of Fire and Thorns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bismarck:_The_Man_and_the_Statesman=Bismarck: The Man and the Statesman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagan_Lord=The Pagan Lord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Over_Creation=All Over Creation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sexual_Brain=The Sexual Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tale_for_the_Time_Being=A Tale for the Time Being
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coldest_Girl_in_Coldtown=The Coldest Girl in Coldtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bird:_The_Life_and_Legacy_of_Mark_Fidrych=The Bird: The Life and Legacy of Mark Fidrych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Shadows_(Ombres_Chinoises)=Chinese Shadows (Ombres Chinoises)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Finds_You_in_Sugarcreek,_Ohio_(novel)=Love Finds You in Sugarcreek, Ohio (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Lord_Bird=The Good Lord Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Atlas_of_Economic_Complexity=The Atlas of Economic Complexity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tribune's_Curse=The Tribune's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/War_from_the_Ground_Up=War from the Ground Up
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Echo_Chamber=The Echo Chamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Billion_Years_of_Solitude=Five Billion Years of Solitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_the_Teeth_of_Angels=From the Teeth of Angels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Panic_Hand=The Panic Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Marriage_of_Sticks=The Marriage of Sticks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Him_Look_Good=Make Him Look Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Write_Like_a_Woman=To Write Like a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homosexuality:_An_Annotated_Bibliography=Homosexuality: An Annotated Bibliography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_with_a_Criminal:_Milly's_Story=My Life with a Criminal: Milly's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbird_(Dibia_novel)=Blackbird (Dibia novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Report_from_the_Interior=Report from the Interior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Journal=Winter Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Problem_of_Political_Authority=The Problem of Political Authority
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_in_Iraq=Our Man in Iraq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Temple_of_the_Muses=The Temple of the Muses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Siege:_The_Attack_on_the_Taj=The Siege: The Attack on the Taj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mani:_Travels_in_the_Southern_Peloponnese=Mani: Travels in the Southern Peloponnese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denver_Doll=Denver Doll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guts_(novel)=The Guts (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland's_Future=Scotland's Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mentats_of_Dune=Mentats of Dune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Touch_of_Evil=The Touch of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galloping_Bungalows:_The_Rise_and_Demise_of_the_American_House_Trailer=Galloping Bungalows: The Rise and Demise of the American House Trailer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Darker_Place=A Darker Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Certain_Personal_Matters=Certain Personal Matters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collision_Course_(Hinton_novel)=Collision Course (Hinton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_and_Conviction=Courage and Conviction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_of_Education:_Its_General_Principles_Deduced_from_its_Aim_and_the_Aesthetic_Revelation_of_the_World=Science of Education: Its General Principles Deduced from its Aim and the Aesthetic Revelation of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Civilizations_Die=How Civilizations Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reason_I_Jump=The Reason I Jump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kiln=The Kiln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ken:_The_Ups_and_Downs_of_Ken_Livingstone=Ken: The Ups and Downs of Ken Livingstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/50_Signs_of_Mental_Illness=50 Signs of Mental Illness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Sioux_Nation_(book)=The Great Sioux Nation (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wooden_Sea=The Wooden Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Disposable_American=The Disposable American
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Star_Nairobi=Black Star Nairobi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Devil_and_the_Deep_Blue_Sea_(novel)=Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moxyland=Moxyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Abyss_(book)=Into the Abyss (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beautiful_Things_That_Heaven_Bears=The Beautiful Things That Heaven Bears
http://dbpedia.org/resource/S._(Dorst_novel)=S. (Dorst novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Queen=The Princess and the Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comics_We_Loved=The Comics We Loved
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saga_of_Shadows=The Saga of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Work_a_Room=How to Work a Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kill_List=The Kill List
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Shades_of_Oy_Vey:_A_Parody=Fifty Shades of Oy Vey: A Parody
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Walking_Dead:_The_Fall_of_the_Governor=The Walking Dead: The Fall of the Governor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_5th_Wave_(novel)=The 5th Wave (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Illustrated_Book_of_Bad_Arguments=An Illustrated Book of Bad Arguments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoo_(James_Patterson_novel)=Zoo (James Patterson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Translator's_Invisibility=The Translator's Invisibility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skulduggery_Pleasant:_The_End_of_the_World=Skulduggery Pleasant: The End of the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year's_Best_Science_Fiction:_Thirtieth_Annual_Collection=The Year's Best Science Fiction: Thirtieth Annual Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Children_of_the_Jacaranda_Tree=Children of the Jacaranda Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Culture_of_Connectivity=The Culture of Connectivity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/JFK_and_the_Unspeakable=JFK and the Unspeakable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vampire_Tapestry=The Vampire Tapestry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Horror_of_the_Year:_Volume_One=The Best Horror of the Year: Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Wolf_(Muchamore_novel)=Lone Wolf (Muchamore novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Food,_All_Day_Long=Great Food, All Day Long
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Dolittle's_Puddleby_Adventures=Doctor Dolittle's Puddleby Adventures
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Employment_Abandoned=Full Employment Abandoned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Distant_Lands=Distant Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iconoclast:_A_Neuroscientist_Reveals_How_to_Think_Differently=Iconoclast: A Neuroscientist Reveals How to Think Differently
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Offspring_of_Empire=Offspring of Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_of_Cleopatra's_Nights_and_Other_Fantastic_Romances=One of Cleopatra's Nights and Other Fantastic Romances
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Understanding_Power=Understanding Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Man_(novel)=The Big Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Horror_of_the_Year:_Volume_Two=The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walking_Wounded_(short_stories)=Walking Wounded (short stories)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Summer_Job=The Summer Job
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Horror_of_the_Year:_Volume_Three=The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Three
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawn_(Rider_Haggard_novel)=Dawn (Rider Haggard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cetywayo_and_His_White_Neighbours=Cetywayo and His White Neighbours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Witch's_Head=The Witch's Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jess_(novel)=Jess (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hospital_(book)=Hospital (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neglected_People=Neglected People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigged_(book)=Rigged (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maverick_Jetpants_in_the_City_of_Quality=Maverick Jetpants in the City of Quality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incredible_Bodies=Incredible Bodies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alphabet_Versus_the_Goddess=The Alphabet Versus the Goddess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Jesus=Killing Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Horror_of_the_Year:_Volume_Four=The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Four
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Boril=Book of Boril
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Encyclopedia_of_the_Dead=The Encyclopedia of the Dead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tragedy_of_Arthur=The Tragedy of Arthur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Er_ist_wieder_da=Er ist wieder da
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chayey_Moharan=Chayey Moharan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Invisible_Boy=The Last Invisible Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Meeson's_Will=Mr Meeson's Will
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonel_Quaritch,_VC=Colonel Quaritch, VC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Haste=Joan Haste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beatrice_(novel)=Beatrice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Therne=Doctor Therne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Farmer's_Year=A Farmer's Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Tail_(book)=The Long Tail (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Arrow=The Last Arrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swallow_(novel)=Swallow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Boer_War=The Last Boer War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_the_World_(novel)=Heart of the World (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lysbeth=Lysbeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_the_Spirit=The Way of the Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benita_(novel)=Benita (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearl_Maiden=Pearl Maiden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Winter_Pilgrimage=A Winter Pilgrimage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_England_(book)=Rural England (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brethren_(Haggard_novel)=The Brethren (Haggard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Fregelius=Stella Fregelius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Gardener's_Year=A Gardener's Year
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Poor_and_the_Land=The Poor and the Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Margaret=Fair Margaret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ghost_Kings=The Ghost Kings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_God=The Yellow God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lady_of_Blossholme=The Lady of Blossholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_(1963_anthology)=The Unknown (1963 anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unknown_Five=The Unknown Five
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_(1988_anthology)=Unknown (1988 anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell_Hath_Fury_(anthology)=Hell Hath Fury (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Unknown_Worlds=From Unknown Worlds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unknown_Worlds:_Tales_from_Beyond=Unknown Worlds: Tales from Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Shadow_of_Midnight=In the Shadow of Midnight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Through_a_Dark_Mist=Through a Dark Mist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Saw_Confidential=Chain Saw Confidential
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart's_in_the_Highlands_(play)=My Heart's in the Highlands (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ivory_Child=The Ivory Child
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Sheba's_Ring=Queen Sheba's Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morning_Star_(Rider_Hagard_novel)=Morning Star (Rider Hagard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mahatma_and_the_Hare=The Mahatma and the Hare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wanderer's_Necklace=The Wanderer's Necklace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Eternal_(novel)=Love Eternal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ancient_Allan=The Ancient Allan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_and_the_Pharaohs=Smith and the Pharaohs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Eve=Red Eve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Virgin_of_the_Sun=The Virgin of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heu-Heu=Heu-Heu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_of_the_Dawn=Queen of the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opposite_House=The Opposite House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Lights_(novel)=Red Lights (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Boy_(novel)=Golden Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Treasure_of_the_Lake=The Treasure of the Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_of_Marion_Isle=Mary of Marion Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belshazzar_(novel)=Belshazzar (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Denmark=Rural Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_of_My_Life=The Days of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Quatermain_(novel)=Allan Quatermain (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizard_(Haggard_novel)=The Wizard (Haggard novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elissa_(novel)=Elissa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regeneration_(Haggard_book)=Regeneration (Haggard book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Burial_at_Sea=A Burial at Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_Fish=Four Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Reactionary_Mind=The Reactionary Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Struggle=The Indian Struggle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Bigger%3F=Who's Bigger?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laburnum_for_My_Head=Laburnum for My Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghalib_Danger=Ghalib Danger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Tycoons=The Last Tycoons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reason_and_Morality=Reason and Morality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philosophical_Problems_of_Space_and_Time=Philosophical Problems of Space and Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway_Man_(book)=The Railway Man (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avakasikal=Avakasikal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fixing_Sex=Fixing Sex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Loneliness_of_the_Long_Distance_Runner_(collection)=The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nature,_Culture_and_Gender=Nature, Culture and Gender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sexing_the_Body=Sexing the Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploration_and_Empire:_The_Explorer_and_the_Scientist_in_the_Winning_of_the_American_West=Exploration and Empire: The Explorer and the Scientist in the Winning of the American West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalohari_Anandam=Aalohari Anandam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Greenback_Era=The Greenback Era
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Face_of_Appalachia=The Face of Appalachia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promise_of_Blood=Promise of Blood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hands_in_Harmony=Hands in Harmony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancillary_Justice=Ancillary Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Diary_of_Malcolm_X=The Diary of Malcolm X
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_Frost:_A_Life=Robert Frost: A Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shattered_Mask=The Shattered Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arrivals=The Arrivals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masters_of_Sex_(book)=Masters of Sex (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clockwork_Princess=Clockwork Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anticipations=Anticipations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hide_and_Seek_(James_Patterson_novel)=Hide and Seek (James Patterson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sword_of_Moses_(novel)=The Sword of Moses (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Narrow_Road_to_the_Deep_North_(novel)=The Narrow Road to the Deep North (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Death_in_the_Small_Hours=A Death in the Small Hours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_Gipsies_(novel)=The Water Gipsies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Control_in_the_Third_Reich_(book)=Gun Control in the Third Reich (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Technological_Revolutions_and_Financial_Capital=Technological Revolutions and Financial Capital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Control_Revolution=The Control Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emergence_of_Probability=The Emergence of Probability
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Taming_of_Chance=The Taming of Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_in_December=Hot in December
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_This_(novel)=More Than This (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heraldischer_Atlas=Heraldischer Atlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twenty_Houses_of_the_Zodiac=Twenty Houses of the Zodiac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nightbirds_on_Nantucket=Nightbirds on Nantucket
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_on_Horseback=The Man on Horseback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cuckoo_Tree=The Cuckoo Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ida:_A_Novel=Ida: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cell_2455,_Death_Row=Cell 2455, Death Row
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glass_Soup=Glass Soup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Apples=White Apples
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Satanist_(Wheatley_novel)=The Satanist (Wheatley novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_dari_Krakatau=Drama dari Krakatau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juggling_(Trapido_novel)=Juggling (Trapido novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Book_Is_Full_of_Spiders=This Book Is Full of Spiders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_on_Fire=Brain on Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Get_Filthy_Rich_in_Rising_Asia=How to Get Filthy Rich in Rising Asia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Dust_(book)=Star Dust (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_House_(novel)=Amber House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vermine_du_Lion=La Vermine du Lion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neverwas_(novel)=Neverwas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World's_Religions=The World's Religions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Gets_on_Board=Mr. Monk Gets on Board
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Monk_Is_Open_for_Business=Mr. Monk Is Open for Business
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raylan=Raylan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_and_Say=Pink and Say
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abzurdah=Abzurdah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mankind_in_the_Making=Mankind in the Making
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unwinding=The Unwinding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Islanders_(Nikolai_Leskov_novel)=The Islanders (Nikolai Leskov novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_in_the_Forest=Smoke in the Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vey:_Battle_of_the_Ampere=Michael Vey: Battle of the Ampere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justine_(Thompson_novel)=Justine (Thompson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Owns_the_Future%3F=Who Owns the Future?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Second_Life_of_Samuel_Tyne=The Second Life of Samuel Tyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anime_Classics_Zettai!=Anime Classics Zettai!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Rights_between_the_Sexes=Human Rights between the Sexes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheryl:_My_Story=Cheryl: My Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_Platoon=Outlaw Platoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Creek_(novel)=Coal Creek (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Kept_Secret_(novel)=Best Kept Secret (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watching_the_Climbers_on_the_Mountain=Watching the Climbers on the Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tivington_Nott=The Tivington Nott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unbearable_Lightness_of_Being_a_Prawn_Cracker=The Unbearable Lightness of Being a Prawn Cracker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Examined_Life_(Stephen_Grosz_book)=The Examined Life (Stephen Grosz book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Captain_and_the_Enemy=The Captain and the Enemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Late_Scholar=The Late Scholar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lesser_Blessed_(novel)=The Lesser Blessed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Sense=Cat Sense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Novice_(Lermontov)=The Novice (Lermontov)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severed_Souls=Severed Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demolition_Angel=Demolition Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orfeo_(novel)=Orfeo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatiana_(novel)=Tatiana (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_and_Maxwell_(book_series)=King and Maxwell (book series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dwelling-Place_of_Light=The Dwelling-Place of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oregon_Desert=The Oregon Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin:_A_Biography=Lenin: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benjamin's_Crossing=Benjamin's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promised_Land:_Thirteen_Books_That_Changed_America=Promised Land: Thirteen Books That Changed America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gorilla_Hunters=The Gorilla Hunters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undergrounders=Undergrounders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharp_Objects=Sharp Objects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodbye,_Janette=Goodbye, Janette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_from_Elephant_Pass_(novel)=The Road from Elephant Pass (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Rocked_the_Earth=The Man Who Rocked the Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diseases_from_Space=Diseases from Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_Live_and_Die_in_L.A._(novel)=To Live and Die in L.A. (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_(Deraniyagala_book)=Wave (Deraniyagala book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Be_a_Woman=How to Be a Woman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_May_Care_(Peters_novel)=Devil May Care (Peters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Retribution=The Bourne Retribution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marry_Me_(collection)=Marry Me (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swallow's_Tower=The Swallow's Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_of_the_Lake_(book)=Lady of the Lake (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Whole_Nother_Story=A Whole Nother Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letters_Written_in_France=Letters Written in France
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawling_Sky=Crawling Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mona_the_Vampire_(book)=Mona the Vampire (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Vieillesse=La Vieillesse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Enchantments=The Last Enchantments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuanhe_Xing_Zuan=Yuanhe Xing Zuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Groosham_Grange=Return to Groosham Grange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Days_of_Anna_Madrigal=The Days of Anna Madrigal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catastrophe:_Risk_and_Response=Catastrophe: Risk and Response
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flora_&_Ulysses=Flora & Ulysses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rising=Red Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bourne_Ascendancy=The Bourne Ascendancy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlito's_Way_(novel)=Carlito's Way (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Hours_(novel)=After Hours (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackthorn_Winter_(Wilson_novel)=Blackthorn Winter (Wilson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisis_(novel_by_Jorge_Majfud)=Crisis (novel by Jorge Majfud)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lord_of_Opium=The Lord of Opium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Watchers:_The_Rise_of_America's_Surveillance_State=The Watchers: The Rise of America's Surveillance State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revival_(novel)=Revival (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chronicles_of_Chaos_(fantasy_trilogy)=Chronicles of Chaos (fantasy trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mosquito_Coast_(novel)=The Mosquito Coast (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Copernican_Question=The Copernican Question
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bastards_and_the_Knives=The Bastards and the Knives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_To_Rise=Bound To Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fire_Chronicle=The Fire Chronicle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canto_for_a_Gypsy=Canto for a Gypsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama_Day=Mama Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Werewolf_Principle=The Werewolf Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louise:_Amended=Louise: Amended
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pagan_Christ=The Pagan Christ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Incomplete_Nature=Incomplete Nature
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Calling_(Sheridan_novel)=London Calling (Sheridan novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnny_We_Hardly_Knew_Ye_(book)=Johnny We Hardly Knew Ye (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_Belle_(novel)=Brighton Belle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_the_Edge_(Hinton_novel)=On the Edge (Hinton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Gods=The Red Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Wish_Someone_Were_Waiting_for_Me_Somewhere=I Wish Someone Were Waiting for Me Somewhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Land_of_Pain=In the Land of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freedom_Rising=Freedom Rising
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Incredible=We Are Incredible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Golem_and_the_Jinni=The Golem and the Jinni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Black_Wheel=The Black Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Town:_The_Rob_Ford_Story=Crazy Town: The Rob Ford Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Stranger_in_Tibet=A Stranger in Tibet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hundred_Brothers=The Hundred Brothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Sex_Works=How Sex Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_in_Front_of_the_Children:_%22Indecency,%22_Censorship,_and_the_Innocence_of_Youth=Not in Front of the Children: "Indecency," Censorship, and the Innocence of Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Britain_is_at_War=Why Britain is at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Passages_of_H.M.=The Passages of H.M.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Polyester_Prince=The Polyester Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Verificationist=The Verificationist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Extinction_(book)=The Sixth Extinction (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/We_Are_Still_Married:_Stories_&_Letters=We Are Still Married: Stories & Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Righteous_Mind=The Righteous Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/..._And_Some_Were_Human=... And Some Were Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lemon_Table=The Lemon Table
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hindus:_An_Alternative_History=The Hindus: An Alternative History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Arma_Escarlate=A Arma Escarlate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Comedy_of_Charleroi=The Comedy of Charleroi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Martian_(Weir_novel)=The Martian (Weir novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Book_of_Southern_Tang_(Ma_Ling)=Book of Southern Tang (Ma Ling)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitte_2_(novel)=Mitte 2 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Place_in_the_Country=A Place in the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Afterlife:_A_Memoir=The Afterlife: A Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duty:_Memoirs_of_a_Secretary_at_War=Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elect_Mr._Robinson_for_a_Better_World=Elect Mr. Robinson for a Better World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_for_Tomorrow=Four for Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_a_Bengal_Lancer_(book)=The Lives of a Bengal Lancer (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Doctor_and_the_Soul=The Doctor and the Soul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lume_Spento=A Lume Spento
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Against_Venus=Five Against Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Losing_Ground_(book)=Losing Ground (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lydia_Bailey_(novel)=Lydia Bailey (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Secret_of_the_Sands=Secret of the Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chief_Culture_Officer=Chief Culture Officer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lushi_(book)=Lushi (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Indian_Ideology=The Indian Ideology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annihilation_(VanderMeer_novel)=Annihilation (VanderMeer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Truth_About_the_Harry_Quebert_Affair=The Truth About the Harry Quebert Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arc_of_Justice=Arc of Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints_of_the_Shadow_Bible=Saints of the Shadow Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Less_Than_One:_Selected_Essays=Less Than One: Selected Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spirit_of_Romance=The Spirit of Romance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Other_Side_(novel)=The Other Side (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakshot=Breakshot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truly_Madly_Deeply_(novel)=Truly Madly Deeply (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Death_of_Honor=A Death of Honor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Moulana=The Red Moulana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Divide_(novel)=The Great Divide (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Be_Careful_What_You_Wish_For_(Archer_novel)=Be Careful What You Wish For (Archer novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_in_the_House_(novel)=Doctor in the House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She's_All_the_World_to_Me=She's All the World to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happy_Wives_Club=Happy Wives Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tzigane_(novel)=Tzigane (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel's_Luck=Angel's Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Music:_What_Happened%3F=Music: What Happened?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/On_a_Chinese_Screen=On a Chinese Screen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lamentable_Journey_of_Omaha_Bigelow_into_the_Impenetrable_Loisaida_Jungle=The Lamentable Journey of Omaha Bigelow into the Impenetrable Loisaida Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elminster_In_Hell=Elminster In Hell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boomerang:_Travels_in_the_New_Third_World=Boomerang: Travels in the New Third World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhatka_Parkash=Jhatka Parkash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Sun,_Red_Moon=Black Sun, Red Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tyranny_of_Experts=The Tyranny of Experts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_Man_with_a_Pistol=Blind Man with a Pistol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Matter_How_Much_You_Promise_to_Cook_or_Pay_the_Rent_You_Blew_It_Cauze_Bill_Bailey_Ain't_Never_Coming_Home_Again=No Matter How Much You Promise to Cook or Pay the Rent You Blew It Cauze Bill Bailey Ain't Never Coming Home Again
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blade_of_the_Courtesans=The Blade of the Courtesans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friends_with_Boys=Friends with Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pollinators_of_Eden=The Pollinators of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acceptance_(Southern_Reach_Trilogy)=Acceptance (Southern Reach Trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Authority_(Southern_Reach_Trilogy)=Authority (Southern Reach Trilogy)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Matt=The Book of Matt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eve_&_Adam=Eve & Adam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Private_Papers_of_Henry_Ryecroft=The Private Papers of Henry Ryecroft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Voice_Through_a_Cloud=A Voice Through a Cloud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Ligovskaya=Princess Ligovskaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portrait_of_the_Artist_as_a_Young_Dog=Portrait of the Artist as a Young Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_sombra_de_Heidegger=La sombra de Heidegger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tell_The_Wolves_I'm_Home=Tell The Wolves I'm Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_the_Central_Intelligence_Agency=Encyclopedia of the Central Intelligence Agency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zone_One=Zone One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Lineage_of_Grace=A Lineage of Grace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Farm_(Tom_Rob_Smith_novel)=The Farm (Tom Rob Smith novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr._Myombekere_and_His_Wife_Bugonoka,_Their_Son_Ntulanalwo_and_Daughter_Bulihwali=Mr. Myombekere and His Wife Bugonoka, Their Son Ntulanalwo and Daughter Bulihwali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Then_and_Now_(novel)=Then and Now (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Into_the_Still_Blue=Into the Still Blue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_Everything=Lost Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Japanese_in_Latin_America=The Japanese in Latin America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_and_a_Half_Mystics=Nine and a Half Mystics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mimic_Men=The Mimic Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interpretation_and_Social_Criticism=Interpretation and Social Criticism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legendele_Olimpului=Legendele Olimpului
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williwaw_(novel)=Williwaw (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rooftops_of_Tehran_(poetry_collection)=Rooftops of Tehran (poetry collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Play_Their_Hearts_Out=Play Their Hearts Out
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raising_a_Father=Raising a Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angry_Blonde=Angry Blonde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Time_Traveler's_Almanac=The Time Traveler's Almanac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Little_Lumpen_Novelita=A Little Lumpen Novelita
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Contemplations=Les Contemplations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Overboard_(book)=Man Overboard (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Personal_(novel)=Personal (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sense_of_an_Ending:_Studies_in_the_Theory_of_Fiction=The Sense of an Ending: Studies in the Theory of Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Office_of_Mercy=The Office of Mercy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tangsir_(novel)=Tangsir (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity:_A_Graphic_History_of_the_First_Atomic_Bomb=Trinity: A Graphic History of the First Atomic Bomb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sex,_Sin,_and_Blasphemy=Sex, Sin, and Blasphemy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Farmer:_Or,_a_General_Dictionary_of_Husbandry=The Complete Farmer: Or, a General Dictionary of Husbandry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Hawk=Night Hawk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catalina_(novel)=Catalina (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Destiny_(wordless_novel)=Destiny (wordless novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Eagle_(novel)=Blood Eagle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Is_the_New_Black:_My_Year_in_a_Women's_Prison=Orange Is the New Black: My Year in a Women's Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingo's_Run=Bingo's Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raiders_of_the_Nile=Raiders of the Nile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirate_King_(Mary_Russell_novel)=Pirate King (Mary Russell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garment_of_Shadows=Garment of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brunist_Day_of_Wrath=The Brunist Day of Wrath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Wanderer:_A_Native_Gothic_Novel=The Night Wanderer: A Native Gothic Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Religion=The American Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serena_(novel)=Serena (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wood_of_Suicides=The Wood of Suicides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porius:_A_Romance_of_the_Dark_Ages=Porius: A Romance of the Dark Ages
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Green,_Bright_Red=Dark Green, Bright Red
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roll_Me_Up_and_Smoke_Me_When_I_Die:_Musings_from_the_Road=Roll Me Up and Smoke Me When I Die: Musings from the Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cove_(novel)=The Cove (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Corridors_of_Time=The Corridors of Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunner_Cade=Gunner Cade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faraway_Nearby=The Faraway Nearby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fun_Fare;_a_Treasury_of_Reader's_Digest_Wit_and_Humor=Fun Fare; a Treasury of Reader's Digest Wit and Humor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_of_Trial=Time of Trial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_order_204=Battle order 204
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opus_200=Opus 200
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valley_of_Amazement=The Valley of Amazement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrine_(novel)=Shrine (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkvision_(novel)=Darkvision (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Binding_Stone=The Binding Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lies_of_Light=Lies of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Honor_(novel)=Blood and Honor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bound_by_Iron=Bound by Iron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Killing_Song=The Killing Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grieving_Tree=The Grieving Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legacy_of_Wolves=Legacy of Wolves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Parable=The Last Parable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circus_Is_Coming=The Circus Is Coming
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akata_Witch=Akata Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_(Andrew_Motion_novel)=Silver (Andrew Motion novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutting_the_Mustard=Cutting the Mustard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longman_Grammar_of_Spoken_and_Written_English=Longman Grammar of Spoken and Written English
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willie:_An_Autobiography=Willie: An Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Bastard=Skinny Bastard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annihilation_of_Caste=Annihilation of Caste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun_(wordless_novel)=The Sun (wordless novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Passage_(book)=Northwest Passage (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinosaur_Roar!=Dinosaur Roar!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aarachaar=Aarachaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_Our_Translated_World=In Our Translated World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisterhood_Everlasting=Sisterhood Everlasting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Template_(novel)=Template (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malombra_(novel)=Malombra (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniele_Cortis_(novel)=Daniele Cortis (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mystery_of_the_Poet=The Mystery of the Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_World_of_the_Past=The Little World of the Past
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorothy_Must_Die=Dorothy Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messiah_(Vidal_novel)=Messiah (Vidal novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Why_Call_Them_Back_from_Heaven%3F=Why Call Them Back from Heaven?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettore_Fieramosca_(novel)=Ettore Fieramosca (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Liberty_Amendments=The Liberty Amendments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orr:_My_Story=Orr: My Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cress_(novel)=Cress (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sixth_Man_(novel)=The Sixth Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblivion_(Power_of_Five)=Oblivion (Power of Five)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Bitch_Ultimate_Everyday_Cookbook=Skinny Bitch Ultimate Everyday Cookbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byculla_to_Bangkok=Byculla to Bangkok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Bitch:_Home,_Beauty_&_Style=Skinny Bitch: Home, Beauty & Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skavenslayer=Skavenslayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinny_Bitch_Book_of_Vegan_Swaps=Skinny Bitch Book of Vegan Swaps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Man_from_Archangel=The Little Man from Archangel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Disgust_to_Humanity=From Disgust to Humanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grits_(novel)=Grits (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severina_(novella)=Severina (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poopoloral=Poopoloral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Video_Games_Have_to_Teach_Us_About_Learning_and_Literacy=What Video Games Have to Teach Us About Learning and Literacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/WACK!_Art_and_the_Feminist_Revolution=WACK! Art and the Feminist Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flash_Boys=Flash Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Station_(novel)=The Last Station (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paleri_Manikyam:_Oru_Pathirakolapathakathinte_Katha_(novel)=Paleri Manikyam: Oru Pathirakolapathakathinte Katha (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_True_Novel=A True Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_in_the_Twenty-First_Century=Capital in the Twenty-First Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forced_Marriage=Forced Marriage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samech_Vov=Samech Vov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toward_a_Meaningful_Life=Toward a Meaningful Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitler's_Thirty_Days_to_Power=Hitler's Thirty Days to Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Hell:_A_Memoir_of_Faith,_Devotion,_and_Pure_Madness=Holy Hell: A Memoir of Faith, Devotion, and Pure Madness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reunion_(1971)=Reunion (1971)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planned_Obsolescence:_Publishing,_Technology,_and_the_Future_of_the_Academy=Planned Obsolescence: Publishing, Technology, and the Future of the Academy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_on_the_Hearth=Shadow on the Hearth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Are_You_Doing_Here%3F=What Are You Doing Here?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cruel_Bird_Came_to_the_Nest_and_Looked_In=A Cruel Bird Came to the Nest and Looked In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saving_Hope_(book)=Saving Hope (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Likutei_Torah/Torah_Or=Likutei Torah/Torah Or
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suburban_Souls=Suburban Souls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirmala_(novel)=Nirmala (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Moon_Has_Blood_Clots=Our Moon Has Blood Clots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Term_of_Trial_(novel)=Term of Trial (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonah_Hex:_Shadows_West=Jonah Hex: Shadows West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_We_Talk_About_When_We_Talk_About_Anne_Frank=What We Talk About When We Talk About Anne Frank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toras_Chaim_(Chabad)=Toras Chaim (Chabad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yellow_Birds=The Yellow Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Witchfinder=The Last Witchfinder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panic:_The_Story_of_Modern_Financial_Insanity=Panic: The Story of Modern Financial Insanity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington's_Spies:_The_Story_of_America's_First_Spy_Ring=Washington's Spies: The Story of America's First Spy Ring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imrei_Binah=Imrei Binah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerala_Panineeyam=Kerala Panineeyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspector_De_Luca_(novel_series)=Inspector De Luca (novel series)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seed_and_the_Sower=The Seed and the Sower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_(novel)=Champion (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ride_This_Night=Ride This Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adultery_(novel)=Adultery (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hideout_(novel)=Hideout (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Coast_Campaign_Book=Savage Coast Campaign Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manushyanu_Oru_Aamukham=Manushyanu Oru Aamukham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testimonies_2001=Testimonies 2001
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundarikalum_Sundaranmarum=Sundarikalum Sundaranmarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Tiananmen_Journal=A Tiananmen Journal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayin_Beis=Ayin Beis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buzz_about_Bees=Buzz about Bees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Accidental_Prime_Minister=The Accidental Prime Minister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Water_of_the_Hills=The Water of the Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathabeejam=Kathabeejam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharmarajyam=Dharmarajyam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Well-Trained_Stray=A Well-Trained Stray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_City_(wordless_novel)=The City (wordless novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_in_Their_Bonds=Slaves in Their Bonds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Decline_and_Fall_of_Nokia=The Decline and Fall of Nokia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_of_Life_(novel)=Tree of Life (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_Sindhiana=Encyclopedia Sindhiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praxis_pietatis_melica=Praxis pietatis melica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawlumin_inscription=Sawlumin inscription
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rushdie_Affair:_The_Novel,_the_Ayatollah,_and_the_West=The Rushdie Affair: The Novel, the Ayatollah, and the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blind_But_Now_I_See:_The_Biography_of_Music_Legend_Doc_Watson=Blind But Now I See: The Biography of Music Legend Doc Watson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poor_Cow_(novel)=Poor Cow (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibola_Burn=Cibola Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Video_Night=Video Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Swinging_Bridge=The Swinging Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shopping_(novel)=Shopping (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wee_Fellas=The Wee Fellas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Facts_of_Life:_And_Other_Dirty_Jokes=The Facts of Life: And Other Dirty Jokes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Needham's_Double=John Needham's Double
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Voters_Feel=How Voters Feel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transgender_History=Transgender History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toms_River:_A_Story_of_Science_and_Salvation=Toms River: A Story of Science and Salvation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Divide:_American_Injustice_in_the_Age_of_the_Wealth_Gap=The Divide: American Injustice in the Age of the Wealth Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illustrated_Treatise_on_the_Maritime_Kingdoms=Illustrated Treatise on the Maritime Kingdoms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_100_(novel)=The 100 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martha_Quest=Martha Quest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Blood_(Unger_novel)=In the Blood (Unger novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogues_(anthology)=Rogues (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pax_Britannica_Trilogy=Pax Britannica Trilogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heartbroken_(novel)=Heartbroken (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkness,_My_Old_Friend=Darkness, My Old Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_(novel)=Fragile (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Die_for_You_(novel)=Die for You (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Out_(novel)=Black Out (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sliver_of_Truth=Sliver of Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beautiful_Lies_(novel)=Beautiful Lies (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_(Miscione_novel)=Smoke (Miscione novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twice_(Miscione_novel)=Twice (Miscione novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darkness_Gathers_(Miscione_novel)=The Darkness Gathers (Miscione novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Fire_(Miscione_novel)=Angel Fire (Miscione novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unconscious_God=The Unconscious God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_of_the_Brown_Girl_in_her_Search_for_God=Adventures of the Brown Girl in her Search for God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Story_Without_Words=Story Without Words
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Woman's_War:_Da_(Mother)=One Woman's War: Da (Mother)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eagle_Cliff=The Eagle Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Effortless_Mastery=Effortless Mastery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ant_in_a_Glass_Jar=Ant in a Glass Jar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livre_d'emma=Livre d'emma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sports_Gene=The Sports Gene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Registry_of_World_Record_Size_Shells=Registry of World Record Size Shells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Used_to_Play_on_Grass=They Used to Play on Grass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mama:_Dispatches_from_the_Frontline_of_Love=Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Triple_Echo_(novel)=The Triple Echo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Female_Serial_Killers=Female Serial Killers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Empty_Throne=The Empty Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percival_Keene=Percival Keene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goblins_in_the_Castle=Goblins in the Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natural_Theology_or_Evidences_of_the_Existence_and_Attributes_of_the_Deity=Natural Theology or Evidences of the Existence and Attributes of the Deity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guitar_Zero=Guitar Zero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornithological_Dictionary;_or_Alphabetical_Synopsis_of_British_Birds=Ornithological Dictionary; or Alphabetical Synopsis of British Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blueberry_Pie_Elf=The Blueberry Pie Elf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paws_and_Whiskers=Paws and Whiskers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Illusions_de_la_Psychanalyse=Les Illusions de la Psychanalyse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_(novel)=Someone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandhi_Before_India=Gandhi Before India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobster_(novel)=Lobster (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saga_of_Old_City=Saga of Old City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_August_(novel)=Black August (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopaedia_Beliana=Encyclopaedia Beliana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diary_of_a_Wimpy_Kid:_The_Long_Haul=Diary of a Wimpy Kid: The Long Haul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noureddin,_Son_of_Iran=Noureddin, Son of Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.V.S.=R.V.S.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Five_Days_at_Memorial=Five Days at Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godolphin_(novel)=Godolphin (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Shadow=The Great Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Rights_in_World_Context=Human Rights in World Context
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Gallows_and_the_Snake-Bellied_Troll=Will Gallows and the Snake-Bellied Troll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jar_Jar_Binks_Must_Die=Jar Jar Binks Must Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Coup_(Updike_novel)=The Coup (Updike novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_from_Serendip=The View from Serendip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Mathematical_Universe=Our Mathematical Universe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Troublesome_Inheritance=A Troublesome Inheritance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Which_That_Orphan_Saw=That Which That Orphan Saw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seiobo_There_Below=Seiobo There Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Achtste-groepers_huilen_niet=Achtste-groepers huilen niet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brother_Dusty-Feet=Brother Dusty-Feet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freud:_His_Life_and_His_Mind=Freud: His Life and His Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackbox_(novel)=Blackbox (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skink_-_No_Surrender=Skink - No Surrender
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Alleys_of_Eden=The Alleys of Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Darrell_Schweitzer_Megapack=The Darrell Schweitzer Megapack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_of_the_Dogs=Day of the Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Boy_(novel)=Wild Boy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_and_Ramazan=Ali and Ramazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Future_Perfect:_The_Case_for_Progress_in_a_Networked_Age=Future Perfect: The Case for Progress in a Networked Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Inside_of_the_Cup=The Inside of the Cup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiddas_(novel)=Tiddas (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Octopus's_Garden_(book)=Octopus's Garden (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elixir_(Walters_novel)=Elixir (Walters novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derech_Mitzvosecha=Derech Mitzvosecha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Kill_a_Dragon=How to Kill a Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_She_Met_Me=Before She Met Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elminster_in_Myth_Drannor=Elminster in Myth Drannor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nameless_One_(The_Edge_Chronicles)=The Nameless One (The Edge Chronicles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wealth_Against_Commonwealth=Wealth Against Commonwealth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Marxism_(book)=Western Marxism (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/So_Many_Ways_to_Begin=So Many Ways to Begin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limonov_(novel)=Limonov (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Reign_of_Terror:_The_Adventures_of_a_Westminster_Boy=In the Reign of Terror: The Adventures of a Westminster Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Night_Women=The Book of Night Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mischief_(novel)=White Mischief (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakkhi_Bahini'r_Shotto-Mittha=Rakkhi Bahini'r Shotto-Mittha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mary_Beaumont_(author)=Mary Beaumont (author)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Sanfelice=La Sanfelice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nappy_edges=Nappy edges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treachery_in_Death=Treachery in Death
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Shakespeare's_Star_Wars:_Verily,_a_New_Hope=William Shakespeare's Star Wars: Verily, a New Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lost_in_language_&_sound=Lost in language & sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Dirt:_Wyoming_Stories_2=Bad Dirt: Wyoming Stories 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liliane_(novel)=Liliane (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funnyhouse_of_a_Negro=Funnyhouse of a Negro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_and_Speke_(novel)=Burton and Speke (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astounding,_the_Amazing,_and_the_Unknown=The Astounding, the Amazing, and the Unknown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sassafrass,_Cypress_&_Indigo=Sassafrass, Cypress & Indigo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Pair_of_Aces=A Pair of Aces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Place_to_Hide_(Greenwald_book)=No Place to Hide (Greenwald book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judaism_as_a_Civilization=Judaism as a Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decolonising_the_Mind=Decolonising the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Light_of_What_We_Know=In the Light of What We Know
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor_Antonio_(novel)=Doctor Antonio (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Jacket_(book)=The Jacket (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnaadi=Agnaadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sweet_Breath_of_Life=The Sweet Breath of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topless_in_Sydney=Topless in Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rogue_Prince=The Rogue Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Adventures_of_Sajo_and_her_Beaver_People=The Adventures of Sajo and her Beaver People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Setangan_Berloemoer_Darah=Setangan Berloemoer Darah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drown_(short_story_collection)=Drown (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Moral_Obligation_to_Be_Intelligent=The Moral Obligation to Be Intelligent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historia_Plantarum_(Theophrastus)=Historia Plantarum (Theophrastus)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_Who_Watched_the_Trains_Go_By_(novel)=The Man Who Watched the Trains Go By (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amma_Vandhaal=Amma Vandhaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crimson_Campaign=The Crimson Campaign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tough_Guys_Don't_Dance_(novel)=Tough Guys Don't Dance (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_People_(novel)=Dead People (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Love_(book)=True Love (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akhlaq_E_Hindi=Akhlaq E Hindi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Descent_of_Air_India=The Descent of Air India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller-Keane_Encyclopedia_&_Dictionary_of_Medicine,_Nursing,_and_Allied_Health=Miller-Keane Encyclopedia & Dictionary of Medicine, Nursing, and Allied Health
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira,_Mirror=Mira, Mirror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine:_A_Policy=Palestine: A Policy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Princess_and_the_Hound=The Princess and the Hound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Das_Kapital=Das Kapital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Prater's_Boy=Belle Prater's Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Stories_of_Grace_Paley=The Collected Stories of Grace Paley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varieties_of_Disturbance=Varieties of Disturbance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Life_Worth_Living_(anthology)=A Life Worth Living (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Case_of_Dr_Jekyll_and_Mr_Hyde=Strange Case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Dark_(short_story_collection)=After Dark (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Materia_Medica=De Materia Medica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doesn't_Anyone_Blush_Anymore%3F=Doesn't Anyone Blush Anymore?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magehound=The Magehound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Floodgate=The Floodgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wizardwar=The Wizardwar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horselords=Horselords
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragonwall=Dragonwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evermeet:_Island_of_Elves=Evermeet: Island of Elves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crusade_(Forgotten_Realms_novel)=Crusade (Forgotten Realms novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Returned_(Mott_novel)=The Returned (Mott novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_of_Silence_(book)=The Price of Silence (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Save_the_Males=Save the Males
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I,_James_Blunt=I, James Blunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Nightingales=A Million Nightingales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Night_Room=In the Night Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_from_Nongrim_Hills=The Girl from Nongrim Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fair_Jilt=The Fair Jilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Military_Inc.=Military Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anonymous_Rex_(novel)=Anonymous Rex (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_in_Search_of_Man=God in Search of Man
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philip_Ardagh's_Book_of_Kings,_Queens,_Emperors_and_Rotten_Wart-Nosed_Commoners=Philip Ardagh's Book of Kings, Queens, Emperors and Rotten Wart-Nosed Commoners
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crucial_Conversations:_Tools_for_Talking_When_Stakes_Are_High=Crucial Conversations: Tools for Talking When Stakes Are High
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Political_Theory=The Fourth Political Theory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesus:_Apocalyptic_Prophet_of_the_New_Millennium=Jesus: Apocalyptic Prophet of the New Millennium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Making_of_the_English_Landscape=The Making of the English Landscape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Leon's_Paris=Mr Leon's Paris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_embassy_from_the_East-India_Company=An embassy from the East-India Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Call_Me_When_the_Cross_Turns_Over=Call Me When the Cross Turns Over
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shiralee_(novel)=The Shiralee (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fast_Friends_(novel)=Fast Friends (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solo_(Mansell_novel)=Solo (Mansell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mayan_Secrets_(Cussler_novel)=The Mayan Secrets (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_Spies=Dreaming Spies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Ways_to_Die_in_the_West_(novel)=A Million Ways to Die in the West (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eye_of_Heaven_(Cussler_novel)=The Eye of Heaven (Cussler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smart_Power=Smart Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cage_on_the_Sea=Cage on the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibetan_Peach_Pie:_A_True_Account_of_an_Imaginative_Life=Tibetan Peach Pie: A True Account of an Imaginative Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Kind_of_Fairy_Tale=Some Kind of Fairy Tale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Untamed_State=An Untamed State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gas_Wars=Gas Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Stole_the_American_Dream%3F=Who Stole the American Dream?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_the_Mind=City of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_(Jack_London)=The Road (Jack London)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uprising_2011:_Indians_Against_Corruption=Uprising 2011: Indians Against Corruption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blind_Woman_of_Sorrento_(novel)=The Blind Woman of Sorrento (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Group_Psychology_and_the_Analysis_of_the_Ego=Group Psychology and the Analysis of the Ego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropic_of_Orange=Tropic of Orange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_My_Name_Was_Keoko=When My Name Was Keoko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Jackson,_Inc.=Michael Jackson, Inc.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Special_House=A Very Special House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Dolls_(novel)=China Dolls (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Day_of_the_Pelican=The Day of the Pelican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_of_the_Pomegranate_Tree=Shadows of the Pomegranate Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imagine_(book)=Imagine (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downfall_(book)=Downfall (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Country:_Britain,_the_Welfare_State,_and_Nuclear_Pollution=Mother Country: Britain, the Welfare State, and Nuclear Pollution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Night_(novel)=That Night (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_History:_A_New_Manual=Chinese History: A New Manual
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon's_Bait=Dragon's Bait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/India's_Most_Attractive_Brands=India's Most Attractive Brands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Markets_Fail:_The_Logic_of_Economic_Calamities=How Markets Fail: The Logic of Economic Calamities
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleven_Days_(novel)=Eleven Days (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Lestat=Prince Lestat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wolves_of_Midwinter=The Wolves of Midwinter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Obstacle_Is_the_Way=The Obstacle Is the Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saraswati_Park=Saraswati Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stories_to_Awaken_the_World=Stories to Awaken the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Head_(novel)=Hot Head (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killing_Patton=Killing Patton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Girl_Is_a_Half-formed_Thing=A Girl Is a Half-formed Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreaming_of_Amelia=Dreaming of Amelia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_war_nor_peace=Not war nor peace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Little_Monsters=Seven Little Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_and_Die=Do and Die
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Red_(Elemental_Masters)=Blood Red (Elemental Masters)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augustus_(Massie_novel)=Augustus (Massie novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dovey_Coe=Dovey Coe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Side_of_Nowhere=The Dark Side of Nowhere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Country_Justice=The Country Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf:_A_Translation_and_Commentary=Beowulf: A Translation and Commentary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hard_Choices=Hard Choices
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HRC:_State_Secrets_and_the_Rebirth_of_Hillary_Clinton=HRC: State Secrets and the Rebirth of Hillary Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewels_in_the_Crown=Jewels in the Crown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity:_Our_Next_Billion_Years=Eternity: Our Next Billion Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Une_double_famille=Une double famille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Final_Descent=The Final Descent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Good_Luck_of_Right_Now=The Good Luck of Right Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Pieces_to_Weight:_Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Southside_Queens=From Pieces to Weight: Once Upon a Time in Southside Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Dre:_The_Biography=Dr. Dre: The Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_End_of_Men=The End of Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Compiled_Statutes=Illinois Compiled Statutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_Geek_2_Me=It's Geek 2 Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Wall_of_Lucy_Wu=The Great Wall of Lucy Wu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafatih_al-hayat=Mafatih al-hayat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_Leno_and_the_Limehouse_Golem=Dan Leno and the Limehouse Golem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/W._E._B._Du_Bois:_The_Fight_for_Equality_and_the_American_Century_1919-1963=W. E. B. Du Bois: The Fight for Equality and the American Century 1919-1963
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Heaven_(Box_novel)=Blue Heaven (Box novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Science_of_Star_Wars=The Science of Star Wars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Some_Girls,_Some_Hats_and_Hitler=Some Girls, Some Hats and Hitler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_About_a_Little_Bird=It's About a Little Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmine_Nights=Jasmine Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Laws_of_New_York=Consolidated Laws of New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_and_Soldier=Dragon and Soldier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapture_for_the_Geeks=Rapture for the Geeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakit_Hindi_Ka_Crush_ng_Crush_Mo%3F_(book)=Bakit Hindi Ka Crush ng Crush Mo? (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magical_Mystery_Tours=Magical Mystery Tours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannibal_(Leckie_novel)=Hannibal (Leckie novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebels:_City_of_Indra=Rebels: City of Indra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finders_Keepers_(King_novel)=Finders Keepers (King novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lords_of_the_Rim_(Seagrave_book)=Lords of the Rim (Seagrave book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sound_of_Things_Falling=The Sound of Things Falling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reisebriefe_von_Hermann_Raster=Reisebriefe von Hermann Raster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Support_and_Defend=Support and Defend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Graduation_of_Jake_Moon=The Graduation of Jake Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mr_Nice_(book)=Mr Nice (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonky_Donkey=Wonky Donkey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arizona_Kid=Arizona Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Bride_from_the_Bush=A Bride from the Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/101_Vagina=101 Vagina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Song_of_the_Shank=Song of the Shank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebbe:_The_Life_and_Teachings_of_Menachem_M._Schneerson,_the_Most_Influential_Rabbi_in_Modern_History=Rebbe: The Life and Teachings of Menachem M. Schneerson, the Most Influential Rabbi in Modern History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exposure_(Reichs_novel)=Exposure (Reichs novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Revised_Statutes=Colorado Revised Statutes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Human=The Last Human
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cruise_of_the_Dazzler=The Cruise of the Dazzler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Saladin=The Book of Saladin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/12_Who_Don't_Agree=12 Who Don't Agree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Late_Divorce=A Late Divorce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baruch:_My_Own_Story=Baruch: My Own Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Future_of_the_Mind=The Future of the Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Encyclopedia_of_Art=Encyclopedia of Art
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democracy_and_Leadership=Democracy and Leadership
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Lords_(short_story_collection)=Space Lords (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Best_(book)=All the Best (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Origin_of_Birds=The Origin of Birds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cult_Film_Reader=The Cult Film Reader
http://dbpedia.org/resource/100_Cult_Films=100 Cult Films
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabriel's_Lament=Gabriel's Lament
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bunker_Diary=The Bunker Diary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Did_You_See_Her_Last%3F=When Did You See Her Last?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.F.K.:_The_Man_and_the_Myth=J.F.K.: The Man and the Myth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cinema_of_David_Cronenberg=The Cinema of David Cronenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maoist_(book)=Maoist (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moloch_(Kuprin)=Moloch (Kuprin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minhaj_al-karamah=Minhaj al-karamah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disorder_and_Early_Sorrow=Disorder and Early Sorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keter_Shem_Tov=Keter Shem Tov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Am_I_Still_Autistic%3F=Am I Still Autistic?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makatib_AL_Rasoul=Makatib AL Rasoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/African_Silences=African Silences
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Girls_Don't_Wear_Trousers=Good Girls Don't Wear Trousers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgeous_Lies=Gorgeous Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Only_Journey_of_His_Life=The Only Journey of His Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashf_al-Yaqin=Kashf al-Yaqin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty_Shades_Darker=Fifty Shades Darker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_That_Never_Was=The World That Never Was
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Bomberg_(novel)=The Mad Bomberg (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_of_Winter_(Doctor_Who)=Dead of Winter (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_the_Poor_Can_Save_Capitalism=How the Poor Can Save Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter's_Moon_(Doctor_Who)=Hunter's Moon (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_and_Venus_in_the_Bedroom=Mars and Venus in the Bedroom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusions_II:_The_Adventures_of_a_Reluctant_Student=Illusions II: The Adventures of a Reluctant Student
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_is_a_Masterpiece%3F=What is a Masterpiece?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_The_Voyages:_TOS,_Season_One=These Are The Voyages: TOS, Season One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freeway_Rick_Ross_(book)=Freeway Rick Ross (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touched_by_an_Angel_(Doctor_Who)=Touched by an Angel (Doctor Who)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_8-Week_Cholesterol_Cure=The 8-Week Cholesterol Cure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modulations:_A_History_of_Electronic_Music=Modulations: A History of Electronic Music
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Love_Leadership:_The_New_Way_to_Lead_in_a_Fear-Based_World=Love Leadership: The New Way to Lead in a Fear-Based World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Weather_in_the_Streets=The Weather in the Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lotus_and_the_Storm=The Lotus and the Storm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jane_Fonda's_Workout_Book=Jane Fonda's Workout Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daddy_Was_a_Number_Runner=Daddy Was a Number Runner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasr_al-asnam_al-jahiliyyah=Kasr al-asnam al-jahiliyyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schopenhauer's_Telescope=Schopenhauer's Telescope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorure_Ahle_Iman=Sorure Ahle Iman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahj_Al_Haq_Va_Kashf_Al_Sedq=Nahj Al Haq Va Kashf Al Sedq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Circular_Staircase=The Circular Staircase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Important_Book=The Important Book
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1934_(novel)=1934 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leather-Nose=Leather-Nose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rhesus_Chart=The Rhesus Chart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelfall=Angelfall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derech_Chaim_(Chabad)=Derech Chaim (Chabad)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampa_(novel)=Tampa (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma_Gastronomie=Ma Gastronomie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zen_and_the_Art_of_Consciousness=Zen and the Art of Consciousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_of_Gotham=Wayne of Gotham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Change_of_Skin=A Change of Skin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planet_of_Light=Planet of Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khasais_of_Amir_Al_Momenin=Khasais of Amir Al Momenin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Generosity:_An_Enhancement=Generosity: An Enhancement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operation_Wandering_Soul_(novel)=Operation Wandering Soul (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Caranchos_of_Florida_(novel)=The Caranchos of Florida (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Romance_of_a_Gaucho_(novel)=The Romance of a Gaucho (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becoming_a_Man:_Half_a_Life_Story=Becoming a Man: Half a Life Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_One_Day=That One Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_a_Plant_Knows=What a Plant Knows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Your_Fathers,_Where_Are_They%3F_And_the_Prophets,_Do_They_Live_Forever%3F=Your Fathers, Where Are They? And the Prophets, Do They Live Forever?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khasais_of_Al_Aemmah=Khasais of Al Aemmah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connectome:_How_the_Brain's_Wiring_Makes_Us_Who_We_Are=Connectome: How the Brain's Wiring Makes Us Who We Are
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hmong:_History_of_a_People=Hmong: History of a People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Dark=The Burning Dark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Devil_Saga:_Avatar_Tuner,_Vol._1=Quantum Devil Saga: Avatar Tuner, Vol. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/These_Are_The_Voyages:_TOS,_Season_Two=These Are The Voyages: TOS, Season Two
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detroit:_An_American_Autopsy=Detroit: An American Autopsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Business_Style_Handbook=The Business Style Handbook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manaqib_Of_Ale_Abi_Talib=Manaqib Of Ale Abi Talib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Camel_Club_(novel)=The Camel Club (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Cold_(Baldacci_novel)=Stone Cold (Baldacci novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divine_Justice_(novel)=Divine Justice (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Corner=Hell's Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Cage_of_Spines=A Cage of Spines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_and_Hypothesis=Science and Hypothesis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_the_Artists_(Bellori)=The Lives of the Artists (Bellori)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Parallax_View_(book)=The Parallax View (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose:_Chapters_from_My_Life=Moose: Chapters from My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memoirs_of_a_Midget=Memoirs of a Midget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Reine_Margot_(novel)=La Reine Margot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Keats:_The_Making_of_a_Poet=John Keats: The Making of a Poet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_in_the_Family=Slaves in the Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Anubis_Tapestry=The Anubis Tapestry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One:_A_Novel=One: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain:_A_History=Spain: A History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dr._Seuss's_ABC=Dr. Seuss's ABC
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beauty_Is_in_the_Street=Beauty Is in the Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradox_Lost=Paradox Lost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/October_(novel)=October (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glittering_Images=Glittering Images
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moi,_Antoine_de_Tounens,_roi_de_Patagonie=Moi, Antoine de Tounens, roi de Patagonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siddur_Im_Dach=Siddur Im Dach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Heaven_for_Gunga_Din=No Heaven for Gunga Din
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Picture:_Who_Killed_Hollywood%3F_and_Other_Essays=The Big Picture: Who Killed Hollywood? and Other Essays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Mars=The Long Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Story_(Brambly_Hedge)=Winter Story (Brambly Hedge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abysmal_Brute=The Abysmal Brute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_of_Pleasure:_Stories_of_a_Boy_Growing_up_in_Warsaw=A Day of Pleasure: Stories of a Boy Growing up in Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lion_Of_Yanina=The Lion Of Yanina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ben,_in_the_World=Ben, in the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Secret=The Long Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Unpredictable_Consequences_of_Love=The Unpredictable Consequences of Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_(novel)=California (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Young_Elites=The Young Elites
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Enemy_Stars=The Enemy Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Infinity_Blade:_Redemption=Infinity Blade: Redemption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unlikely_Warriors=Unlikely Warriors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Don't_Want_to_Miss_a_Thing=Don't Want to Miss a Thing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wacky_Wednesday_(book)=Wacky Wednesday (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Offer_You_Can't_Refuse_(novel)=An Offer You Can't Refuse (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumour_Has_It_(novel)=Rumour Has It (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sanatorium_of_the_deported_at_Ikaria=The Sanatorium of the deported at Ikaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unbreakable:_My_Story,_My_Way=Unbreakable: My Story, My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tower_of_Silence_(novel)=The Tower of Silence (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Soldier's_Friend=A Soldier's Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consciousness_and_the_Brain=Consciousness and the Brain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Battle_of_Bretton_Woods=The Battle of Bretton Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Solent=Wolf Solent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Immigration_Wars:_Forging_an_American_Solution=Immigration Wars: Forging an American Solution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covered_Bridges_Today=Covered Bridges Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wrestling=The Wrestling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pesme_bratstva,_detinjstva_&_potomstva:_Antologija_ex_YU_rok_poezije_1967_-_2007=Pesme bratstva, detinjstva & potomstva: Antologija ex YU rok poezije 1967 - 2007
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tao:_The_Watercourse_Way=Tao: The Watercourse Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Autumn_Republic=The Autumn Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Practical_Management_of_Pain=Practical Management of Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Historical_Novel=The Historical Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurst's_the_Heart=Hurst's the Heart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_4%25_Solution:_Unleashing_the_Economic_Growth_America_Needs=The 4% Solution: Unleashing the Economic Growth America Needs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slaves_of_Socorro=Slaves of Socorro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpion_Mountain=Scorpion Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_the_Future_(Kunstler_novel)=A History of the Future (Kunstler novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystery_Walk_(novel)=Mystery Walk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Seven_Principles_for_Making_Marriage_Work=The Seven Principles for Making Marriage Work
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Tidings_and_Great_Joy:_Protecting_the_Heart_of_Christmas=Good Tidings and Great Joy: Protecting the Heart of Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Spanish_Civil_War_and_the_British_Left=The Spanish Civil War and the British Left
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poems_for_the_Hazara=Poems for the Hazara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drop_(Lehane_novel)=The Drop (Lehane novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sum_to_Infinity_(book)=Sum to Infinity (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dangerous_Love_(novel)=Dangerous Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Policeman=My Policeman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Acropolis=Hotel Acropolis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Have_All_the_Soldiers_Gone%3F=Where Have All the Soldiers Gone?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superintelligence:_Paths,_Dangers,_Strategies=Superintelligence: Paths, Dangers, Strategies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recorded_Occasions_of_Song_Poetry=Recorded Occasions of Song Poetry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ecology_of_Freedom=The Ecology of Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todas_las_Sangres=Todas las Sangres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yawar_Fiesta=Yawar Fiesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Caseira_e_a_Catarina=A Caseira e a Catarina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Rivers=Deep Rivers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Life_Is_Not_Enough=One Life Is Not Enough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Price_to_Pay=The Price to Pay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Son_of_the_Stars=Son of the Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fox_From_Up_Above_and_the_Fox_From_Down_Below=The Fox From Up Above and the Fox From Down Below
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_with_All_the_Gifts=The Girl with All the Gifts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Practice_of_History=The Practice of History
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranger_in_the_House:_The_Collected_Short_Supernatural_Fiction,_Volume_One=Stranger in the House: The Collected Short Supernatural Fiction, Volume One
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percy_Jackson's_Greek_Gods=Percy Jackson's Greek Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Clocks=The Bone Clocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psychogeography_(book)=Psychogeography (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soccer_War_(book)=The Soccer War (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trotsky:_A_Biography=Trotsky: A Biography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Winter_in_Majorca=A Winter in Majorca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Opium_of_the_Intellectuals=The Opium of the Intellectuals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Race_of_My_Life=The Race of My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Half_Girlfriend=Half Girlfriend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gunpowder_Plot:_Terror_and_Faith_in_1605=The Gunpowder Plot: Terror and Faith in 1605
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Message_to_the_Planet=The Message to the Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praying_Drunk=Praying Drunk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Never_Called_It_Rape=I Never Called It Rape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magician's_Land=The Magician's Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Center_of_the_Cyclone:_An_Autobiography_of_Inner_Space=The Center of the Cyclone: An Autobiography of Inner Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sex_Lives_of_Siamese_Twins=The Sex Lives of Siamese Twins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Family=The White Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Dictionary_of_Modern_Chinese_Dialects=Great Dictionary of Modern Chinese Dialects
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_for_the_Future=Quest for the Future
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reformation_Europe,_1517-1559=Reformation Europe, 1517-1559
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moriarty_(novel)=Moriarty (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abeloff's_Clinical_Oncology=Abeloff's Clinical Oncology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiskey_Tango_Foxtrot_(novel)=Whiskey Tango Foxtrot (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Almost_Nearly_Perfect_People=The Almost Nearly Perfect People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_Saturn's_Rings=The Secret of Saturn's Rings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_the_Martian_Moons=The Secret of the Martian Moons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Relentless_Revolution:_A_History_of_Capitalism=The Relentless Revolution: A History of Capitalism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_of_Letters=Men of Letters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael_Vey:_Hunt_for_the_Jade_Dragon=Michael Vey: Hunt for the Jade Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Burning_Room=The Burning Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Stars=River of Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_New_Old_World=The New Old World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Radio_Hacker's_Codebook=The Radio Hacker's Codebook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Politics=Dirty Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bait_and_Switch:_The_(Futile)_Pursuit_of_the_American_Dream=Bait and Switch: The (Futile) Pursuit of the American Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Village_of_Secrets=Village of Secrets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seven_Gothic_Tales=Seven Gothic Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie_(novel)=Julie (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zona:_A_Book_About_a_Film_About_a_Journey_to_a_Room=Zona: A Book About a Film About a Journey to a Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Roman_Triumph=The Roman Triumph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples_'44=Naples '44
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_velocidad_de_la_luz=La velocidad de la luz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auteuring_Nollywood=Auteuring Nollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_War_with_Whitaker=To War with Whitaker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamein_to_Zem_Zem=Alamein to Zem Zem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fandemonium_(book)=Fandemonium (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Oral/Visual_History_by_the_Red_Hot_Chili_Peppers=An Oral/Visual History by the Red Hot Chili Peppers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Spark_and_the_Burn=Between the Spark and the Burn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahhabi_Islam:_From_Revival_and_Reform_to_Global_Jihad=Wahhabi Islam: From Revival and Reform to Global Jihad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_in_Six_Songs=The World in Six Songs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silence_is_Goldfish=Silence is Goldfish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Garnet_Bracelet=The Garnet Bracelet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homeroom_Diaries=Homeroom Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Organized_Mind=The Organized Mind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Measure_of_Civilization=The Measure of Civilization
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conversations_with_an_Executioner=Conversations with an Executioner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Causal_Angel=The Causal Angel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_in_Porn=My Life in Porn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apples_(novel)=Apples (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abraham_Lincoln:_The_War_Years=Abraham Lincoln: The War Years
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Favorite_(novel)=The Favorite (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicious_Circle_(novel)=Vicious Circle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Best_Horror_of_the_Year:_Volume_Six=The Best Horror of the Year: Volume Six
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lock_In=Lock In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_of_Dragons=Blood of Dragons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Bain=Stella Bain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Networks_and_States=Networks and States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straight_Life_(book)=Straight Life (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Haunted_Stars=The Haunted Stars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triumph_&_Demise:_The_Broken_Promise_of_a_Labor_Generation=Triumph & Demise: The Broken Promise of a Labor Generation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovering_History_in_China=Discovering History in China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wizards_Presents:_Worlds_and_Monsters=Wizards Presents: Worlds and Monsters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primal_Power=Primal Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_of_Mellyn=Mistress of Mellyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psionic_Power=Psionic Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Vault=Monster Vault
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_of_the_Fallen_Lands=Heroes of the Fallen Lands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monster_Vault:_Threats_to_the_Nentir_Vale=Monster Vault: Threats to the Nentir Vale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crown_of_Fire=Crown of Fire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistress_(James_Patterson_novel)=Mistress (James Patterson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minor_Morals_for_Young_People=Minor Morals for Young People
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fragile_Frontiers:_The_Secret_History_of_Mumbai_Terror_Attacks=Fragile Frontiers: The Secret History of Mumbai Terror Attacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_Dogs=Circle Dogs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Drunkard's_Walk=The Drunkard's Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twixt_Twelve_and_Twenty=Twixt Twelve and Twenty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_of_Small_Shadows=House of Small Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln's_Gamble=Lincoln's Gamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olesya_(Kuprin)=Olesya (Kuprin)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_It_My_Way=Playing It My Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ancillary_Sword=Ancillary Sword
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Life_of_Saeed:_The_Pessoptimist=The Secret Life of Saeed: The Pessoptimist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Revenge_of_Seven=The Revenge of Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mean_Spirit=Mean Spirit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hack_Attack:_How_the_Truth_Caught_Up_with_Rupert_Murdoch=Hack Attack: How the Truth Caught Up with Rupert Murdoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gender_Advertisements=Gender Advertisements
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eichmann_Before_Jerusalem=Eichmann Before Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_God_(Holland_novel)=City of God (Holland novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China's_Wings=China's Wings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witch_of_the_Four_Winds=Witch of the Four Winds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mark_of_the_Demons=The Mark of the Demons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_the_Idols_Walked=When the Idols Walked
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortunes_of_Brak=The Fortunes of Brak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demands_of_Liberal_Education=The Demands of Liberal Education
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Room_in_Chelsea_Square=A Room in Chelsea Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Fissured_Land=This Fissured Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Mountain_(John_Grisham_novel)=Gray Mountain (John Grisham novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Third_Form_at_St._Clare's=The Third Form at St. Clare's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Son's_Story=My Son's Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_for_This_Moment=Thank You for This Moment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countdown_City=Countdown City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/World_of_Trouble=World of Trouble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Complete_Book_of_Wargames=The Complete Book of Wargames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Her_Mother's_Hope=Her Mother's Hope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Throne_of_Saturn_(novel)=The Throne of Saturn (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Data_Now=Open Data Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/79_Park_Avenue_(novel)=79 Park Avenue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Innocence_(book)=Innocence (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edge_of_Eternity=Edge of Eternity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosaic_(Star_Trek)=Mosaic (Star Trek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synthajoy=Synthajoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Experimental_Bacteriology=Experimental Bacteriology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roma_moderna=Roma moderna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Love_and_Death_of_Cornet_Christopher_Rilke=The Love and Death of Cornet Christopher Rilke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sur_and_the_Oranges_of_Hieronymus_Bosch=Big Sur and the Oranges of Hieronymus Bosch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redwood_and_Wildfire=Redwood and Wildfire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantum_Reality=Quantum Reality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perfidia_(James_Ellroy_novel)=Perfidia (James Ellroy novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarchism:_From_Theory_to_Practice=Anarchism: From Theory to Practice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_The_Soap_Queen:_The_Story_of_Balaji_Telefilms=Kingdom of The Soap Queen: The Story of Balaji Telefilms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamentation_(C._J._Sansom_novel)=Lamentation (C. J. Sansom novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L_Is_for_Lion:_An_Italian_Bronx_Butch_Freedom_Memoir=L Is for Lion: An Italian Bronx Butch Freedom Memoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mathematics_of_Life=The Mathematics of Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_to_Cheat_at_Cooking=How to Cheat at Cooking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Impressionist=The Impressionist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waking_Up:_A_Guide_to_Spirituality_Without_Religion=Waking Up: A Guide to Spirituality Without Religion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dressmaker_(2000_novel)=The Dressmaker (2000 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_Love_and_Death_(anthology)=Songs of Love and Death (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_the_Light_We_Cannot_See=All the Light We Cannot See
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Scientist's_Guide_to_World_Domination=The Mad Scientist's Guide to World Domination
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gods_Without_Men=Gods Without Men
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_plaisirs_et_les_jours=Les plaisirs et les jours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_View_from_the_Seventh_Layer=The View from the Seventh Layer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Social_Bonding_and_Nurture_Kinship=Social Bonding and Nurture Kinship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_(novel)=Peter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raga_Mala_(book)=Raga Mala (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Suns_of_Scorpio=The Suns of Scorpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_to_the_Orient=North to the Orient
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Past_Poisons=Past Poisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Heart_of_the_Valley=The Heart of the Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Sinxay=Sang Sinxay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Demon_Breed=The Demon Breed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stone_Mattress=Stone Mattress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Down_These_Strange_Streets=Down These Strange Streets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homecoming:_When_the_Soldiers_Returned_from_Vietnam=Homecoming: When the Soldiers Returned from Vietnam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lives_of_Others_(novel)=The Lives of Others (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_It_Happens_to_You:_A_Novel_in_Stories=When It Happens to You: A Novel in Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Labyrinth=Blue Labyrinth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Dagestan=My Dagestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exile_(1930_novel)=Exile (1930 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malignant:_How_Cancer_Becomes_Us=Malignant: How Cancer Becomes Us
http://dbpedia.org/resource/More_Than_Friendship=More Than Friendship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Countess_(novel)=Countess (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_of_Science_(Golden_book)=The World of Science (Golden book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_Santeuil=Jean Santeuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Mars=Old Mars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Remainder_(novel)=Remainder (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khalangama_Hamala=Khalangama Hamala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_Ties_(Hinton_novel)=Blood Ties (Hinton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witches'_Sabbath_(novel)=Witches' Sabbath (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Oz_Principle_(book)=The Oz Principle (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Venus=Old Venus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detained_(novel)=Detained (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persians_and_I=Persians and I
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rogue's_Luck=A Rogue's Luck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blue_Hussar=The Blue Hussar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contre_Sainte-Beuve=Contre Sainte-Beuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rung_In=Rung In
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Sport_from_Hollowlog_Flat=A Sport from Hollowlog Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hate_of_a_Hun=The Hate of a Hun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Between_the_Stars_(collection)=The Dark Between the Stars (collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soviet_Marxism:_A_Critical_Analysis=Soviet Marxism: A Critical Analysis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_a_Cloud_(novel)=Under a Cloud (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Over_the_Odds_(novel)=Over the Odds (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breed_Holds_Good=The Breed Holds Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/When_Nuggets_Glistened=When Nuggets Glistened
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nick_of_the_Woods=Nick of the Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exo_(novel)=Exo (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notes_from_the_Frontier=Notes from the Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Outlaw's_Daughter=The Outlaw's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Yemassee=The Yemassee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/C_(novel)=C (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zone_of_Interest=The Zone of Interest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Game_of_Chance=A Game of Chance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Crooked_Game=A Crooked Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaming_for_Gold=Gaming for Gold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Good_Recovery=A Good Recovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Squatter's_Secret=The Squatter's Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_from_Bullarah=The Boy from Bullarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Colt_from_the_Country=A Colt from the Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fettered_by_Fate=Fettered by Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boss_o'_Yedden=The Boss o' Yedden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrior_of_Scorpio=Warrior of Scorpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_for_an_Independent_Socialist_Scotland=The Case for an Independent Socialist Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lukacs_and_Heidegger:_Towards_a_New_Philosophy=Lukacs and Heidegger: Towards a New Philosophy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Discourses_on_Imagined_Occasions=Three Discourses on Imagined Occasions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Extreme_Metaphors=Extreme Metaphors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Context_of_Shantytown_Kid=The Context of Shantytown Kid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_Bones=Doll Bones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foundling_Boy=The Foundling Boy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_(novel)=Shark (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_the_Wild_Road=Walk the Wild Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Last_Days_(Nevill_novel)=Last Days (Nevill novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Darkness_(Hinton_novel)=Out of the Darkness (Hinton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Bomb_(Hinton_novel)=Time Bomb (Hinton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getting_Free=Getting Free
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_of_Ghosts=Ship of Ghosts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_and_Burn_(book)=Crash and Burn (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partners_in_Crime_(Hinton_novel)=Partners in Crime (Hinton novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy's_Song_(novel)=Buddy's Song (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddy's_Blues=Buddy's Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghost_Game_(novel)=Ghost Game (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fever_Code=The Fever Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_Java_(1817_book)=The History of Java (1817 book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritual_(novel)=The Ritual (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Towers=Beaver Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Towers:_the_Witch's_Revenge=Beaver Towers: the Witch's Revenge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Love_(novel)=Summer Love (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Towers:_the_Dangerous_Journey=Beaver Towers: the Dangerous Journey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Towers:_the_Dark_Dream=Beaver Towers: the Dark Dream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Finders=The Finders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Queen_(novel)=The Red Queen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kingmaker's_Daughter=The Kingmaker's Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banquet_for_the_Damned=Banquet for the Damned
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apartment_16=Apartment 16
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KP:_The_Autobiography=KP: The Autobiography
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White_Princess=The White Princess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_King's_Curse=The King's Curse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wouldn't_It_Be_Nice:_My_Own_Story=Wouldn't It Be Nice: My Own Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swordships_of_Scorpio=Swordships of Scorpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Women_of_the_Cousins'_War=The Women of the Cousins' War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Extraordinary_Day=That Extraordinary Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rosie_Project=The Rosie Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_One_Gets_Out_Alive=No One Gets Out Alive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yaqui_Delgado_Wants_to_Kick_Your_Ass=Yaqui Delgado Wants to Kick Your Ass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_Changes_Everything=This Changes Everything
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Astor_Orphan=The Astor Orphan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Feminist_Anthropology=Black Feminist Anthropology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Faith_Instinct=The Faith Instinct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Paper_on_the_National_Transition_of_Catalonia=White Paper on the National Transition of Catalonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_My_Lives=The Book of My Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_House_(novel)=The Little House (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Awakening:_A_Path_to_Racial_Understanding=My Awakening: A Path to Racial Understanding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Are_One_of_Them=You Are One of Them
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nice_and_the_Good=The Nice and the Good
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Body_Book:_Feed,_Move,_Understand_and_Love_Your_Amazing_Body=The Body Book: Feed, Move, Understand and Love Your Amazing Body
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underneath_the_Southern_Cross=Underneath the Southern Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponting:_At_the_Close_of_Play=Ponting: At the Close of Play
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outlaw_Pete=Outlaw Pete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shouldn't_You_Be_in_School%3F=Shouldn't You Be in School?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endgame:_The_Calling=Endgame: The Calling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pirates_of_Zan=The Pirates of Zan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Boy_on_a_Black_Horse=The Boy on a Black Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_of_Scorpio=Prince of Scorpio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Innovators:_How_a_Group_of_Inventors,_Hackers,_Geniuses,_and_Geeks_Created_the_Digital_Revolution=The Innovators: How a Group of Inventors, Hackers, Geniuses, and Geeks Created the Digital Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milagros:_Girl_from_Away=Milagros: Girl from Away
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitne_Pakistan=Kitne Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Things_That_Matter:_Three_Decades_of_Passions,_Pastimes_and_Politics=Things That Matter: Three Decades of Passions, Pastimes and Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternity's_Wheel=Eternity's Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Establishment:_And_how_they_get_away_with_it=The Establishment: And how they get away with it
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kill_the_Messenger_(Schou_book)=Kill the Messenger (Schou book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatan_Aur_Desh=Vatan Aur Desh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desh_Ka_Bhavishya=Desh Ka Bhavishya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Four_from_Planet_5=Four from Planet 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirty_Sexy_Politics=Dirty Sexy Politics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1636:_The_Devil's_Opera=1636: The Devil's Opera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Abyss_Beyond_Dreams=The Abyss Beyond Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mantissa_Plantarum_Altera=Mantissa Plantarum Altera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2_Die_4=2 Die 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhounds_of_Antares=Manhounds of Antares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_Educational_Encyclopedia_of_Islam=An Educational Encyclopedia of Islam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beckoning_Shore=The Beckoning Shore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forever_to_Remain=Forever to Remain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hairstons:_An_American_Family_in_Black_and_White=The Hairstons: An American Family in Black and White
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Utility_of_Force=The Utility of Force
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pathway_of_the_Sun=The Pathway of the Sun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_World_America_Made=The World America Made
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sons_of_Mississippi=Sons of Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palindromes_and_Anagrams=Palindromes and Anagrams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Valleys_Beyond=The Valleys Beyond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fourth_Treasure=The Fourth Treasure
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transformers:_The_Covenant_of_Primus=Transformers: The Covenant of Primus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_Who_Could_Silence_the_Wind=The Girl Who Could Silence the Wind
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Language_on_Vacation=Language on Vacation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Miracle_(book)=Big Miracle (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Free_Market_Fairness=Free Market Fairness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Challenge_(novel)=The Challenge (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_hundred_and_one_miniature_tales=Two hundred and one miniature tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_in_Black:_Angel_of_Death_(book)=The Woman in Black: Angel of Death (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_Forward:_Renewing_the_American_Idea=The Way Forward: Renewing the American Idea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Puzzle_Planet=The Puzzle Planet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nomina_im_Indogermanischen_Lexikon=Nomina im Indogermanischen Lexikon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santiniketan:_The_Making_of_a_Contextual_Modernism=Santiniketan: The Making of a Contextual Modernism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Men_Explain_Things_to_Me=Men Explain Things to Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/With_the_Century=With the Century
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Scarlet_Frontier=The Scarlet Frontier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fury_(1954_novel)=The Fury (1954 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Came_from_the_Sea=They Came from the Sea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maelstrom_(1938_novel)=Maelstrom (1938 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shining_Harvest=Shining Harvest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robina_(novel)=Robina (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Big_Country_(1962_novel)=The Big Country (1962 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Chance_(1971_novel)=Time and Chance (1971 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James!_Don't_Be_a_Fool=James! Don't Be a Fool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Road_from_Home=The Road from Home
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James!_How_Dare_You=James! How Dare You
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Make_Me_(novel)=Make Me (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence,_Prince_of_Mecca=Lawrence, Prince of Mecca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Mask=Red Mask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cripple_in_Black=The Cripple in Black
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall_(novel)=Whitehall (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alicia_Deane=Alicia Deane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conflict_(novel)=Conflict (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Caravan=Far Caravan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Interlude=Dark Interlude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Shape_of_Green=The Shape of Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pay_Any_Price:_Greed,_Power,_and_Endless_War=Pay Any Price: Greed, Power, and Endless War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannibal_Reign=Cannibal Reign
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gardener_(children's_book)=The Gardener (children's book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ex_YU_rock_enciklopedija_1960_-_2006=Ex YU rock enciklopedija 1960 - 2006
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_People's_Platform:_Taking_Back_Power_and_Culture_in_the_Digital_Age=The People's Platform: Taking Back Power and Culture in the Digital Age
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallen_In_Love=Fallen In Love
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Skeleton_Crew_(book)=The Skeleton Crew (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_One_Woman:_A_Story_of_Modern_Utopia=The One Woman: A Story of Modern Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bone_Palace=The Bone Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Get_Off_My_Ship:_Ensign_Berg_v._the_US_Navy=Get Off My Ship: Ensign Berg v. the US Navy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Soprano_State=The Soprano State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasshopper_Jungle=Grasshopper Jungle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Will_Remember_the_People...=Who Will Remember the People...
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanns_and_Rudolf=Hanns and Rudolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay_that_Trumpet_in_Our_Hands=Lay that Trumpet in Our Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Last_Innocent_White_Man_in_America=The Last Innocent White Man in America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_of_the_Machines=March of the Machines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comrades:_A_Story_of_Social_Adventure_in_California=Comrades: A Story of Social Adventure in California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Root_of_Evil=The Root of Evil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sway_(book)=Sway (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albania_Defiant=Albania Defiant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Small,_Small_Pond=In the Small, Small Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Girls_Don't_Cry_(book)=Big Girls Don't Cry (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Englishman_of_the_Bones_(novel)=The Englishman of the Bones (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inga_(book)=Inga (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_Is_Marriage%3F_Man_and_Woman:_A_Defense=What Is Marriage? Man and Woman: A Defense
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conscience_and_Its_Enemies:_Confronting_the_Dogmas_of_Liberal_Secularism=Conscience and Its Enemies: Confronting the Dogmas of Liberal Secularism
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackveil=Blackveil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandpa_Green=Grandpa Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locomotive_(book)=Locomotive (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tailor_of_Panama=The Tailor of Panama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/November_Blues=November Blues
http://dbpedia.org/resource/This_is_Not_My_Hat=This is Not My Hat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_of_Antares=Arena of Antares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/What_the_Day_Owes_the_Night=What the Day Owes the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wonder_Show=Wonder Show
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sins_of_the_Father:_A_Romance_of_the_South=The Sins of the Father: A Romance of the South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_John_Was_a_Jazz_Giant:_A_Song_of_John_Coltrane=Before John Was a Jazz Giant: A Song of John Coltrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Year_of_Billy_Miller=The Year of Billy Miller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomb:_The_Race_to_Build_-_and_Steal-_the_World's_Most_Dangerous_Weapon=Bomb: The Race to Build - and Steal- the World's Most Dangerous Weapon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Times_Lucky=Three Times Lucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splendors_and_Glooms=Splendors and Glooms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lily's_Crossing=Lily's Crossing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Physics_for_Future_Presidents=Physics for Future Presidents
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_and_Eternity_(philosophy_book)=Time and Eternity (philosophy book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_White-Luck_Warrior=The White-Luck Warrior
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Doorway=Hell's Doorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Hunt=High Hunt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Speaks_for_the_Negro%3F=Who Speaks for the Negro?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horologicon=The Horologicon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elements_of_Eloquence=The Elements of Eloquence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flames_of_Convention=Flames of Convention
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conservation_Plan=Conservation Plan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lock_Artist=The Lock Artist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/G_is_for_Genes:_The_Impact_of_Genetics_on_Education_and_Achievement=G is for Genes: The Impact of Genetics on Education and Achievement
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Where_Gods_Are_Vain=Where Gods Are Vain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ella_Morris=Ella Morris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Warrior_of_World's_End=The Warrior of World's End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosby's_Dictionary_of_Medicine,_Nursing_&_Health_Professions=Mosby's Dictionary of Medicine, Nursing & Health Professions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Language=Beyond Language
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fifth_Assassin=The Fifth Assassin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladies'_Man_(novel)=Ladies' Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whites_(novel)=The Whites (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Man_of_Destiny=A Man of Destiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_End=Rock End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Redemption_(novel)=The Redemption (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mad_Doctor_(novel)=The Mad Doctor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Wings_(Thwaites_novel)=Broken Wings (Thwaites novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Defender_(Australian_novel)=The Defender (Australian novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Breaks_(novel)=The Breaks (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Rainbow_in_the_Sky=No Rainbow in the Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fever_(Thwaites_novel)=Fever (Thwaites novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whispers_in_Tahiti=Whispers in Tahiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadows_Over_Rangoon=Shadows Over Rangoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wind_in_the_Bracken=Wind in the Bracken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/They_Lived_That_Spring=They Lived That Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_the_Dawn=Out of the Dawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Night_Closed_Down=The Night Closed Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oasis_of_Shalimar=Oasis of Shalimar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Abyss=The Dark Abyss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roof_Over_Heaven=Roof Over Heaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Was_the_Hour=That Was the Hour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husky_Be_My_Guide=Husky Be My Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Moonlight=White Moonlight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Mountain_for_Monique=A Mountain for Monique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Full_of_Thunder=Sky Full of Thunder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shall_Come_a_Time=Shall Come a Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Love_to_Give=No Love to Give
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_in_the_Skull=Echo in the Skull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovering_Scarfolk=Discovering Scarfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_Not_You_(novel)=You're Not You (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menace_from_the_Moon_(1925_novel)=Menace from the Moon (1925 novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broken_Eye=The Broken Eye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Nights=Blue Nights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Girl_in_the_Green_Sweater:_A_Life_in_Holocaust's_Shadow=The Girl in the Green Sweater: A Life in Holocaust's Shadow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traitor:_A_Story_of_the_Fall_of_the_Invisible_Empire=The Traitor: A Story of the Fall of the Invisible Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Foolish_Virgin:_A_Romance_of_Today=The Foolish Virgin: A Romance of Today
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Birth_of_Biopolitics=The Birth of Biopolitics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Wolf_(novel)=White Wolf (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medicine_Walk=Medicine Walk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Call_of_the_Toad=The Call of the Toad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saaya_(novel)=Saaya (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_French_Suicide=The French Suicide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Security,_Territory,_Population=Security, Territory, Population
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Blu_Ribbon_Revolution=The Blu Ribbon Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariona_Rebull_(novel)=Mariona Rebull (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Initiation_(novel)=The Initiation (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Elite_(book)=The Elite (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/To_The_Last_Breath=To The Last Breath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sensibility_Objectified:_The_Sculptures_of_Sarbari_Roy_Choudhury=Sensibility Objectified: The Sculptures of Sarbari Roy Choudhury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Book_of_Fate=The Book of Fate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Zero_Game=The Zero Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Counsel=The First Counsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Even=Dead Even
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenth_Justice=The Tenth Justice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Not_That_Kind_of_Girl=Not That Kind of Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Abraham_Lincoln=I Am Abraham Lincoln
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Four_Men:_a_Farrago=The Four Men: a Farrago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venmurasu=Venmurasu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marune:_Alastor_933=Marune: Alastor 933
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meri_Teri_Uski_Baat=Meri Teri Uski Baat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bazaar_of_Bad_Dreams=The Bazaar of Bad Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Luzmela_Girl_(novel)=That Luzmela Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fliers_of_Antares=Fliers of Antares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhavi_(play)=Madhavi (play)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Full_Force_and_Effect=Full Force and Effect
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stonewielder=Stonewielder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orb,_Sceptre,_Throne=Orb, Sceptre, Throne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blood_and_Bone_(novel)=Blood and Bone (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forge_of_Darkness=Forge of Darkness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedsit_Disco_Queen=Bedsit Disco Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risked_(novel)=Risked (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revealed_(novel)=Revealed (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumours_of_Glory_(book)=Rumours of Glory (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Language_of_the_Night=The Language of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Surrender_Tree:_Poems_of_Cuba's_Struggle_for_Freedom=The Surrender Tree: Poems of Cuba's Struggle for Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paperboy_(novel)=Paperboy (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Making_Waves:_Irving_Dardik_and_His_Superwave_Principle=Making Waves: Irving Dardik and His Superwave Principle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocket_to_Limbo=Rocket to Limbo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angry_Espers=The Angry Espers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Contribution_to_the_Critique_of_Political_Economy=A Contribution to the Critique of Political Economy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_and_Class_Consciousness=History and Class Consciousness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chewing_Gum_(novel)=Chewing Gum (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Canning_Season=The Canning Season
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Butterfly_Mosque_(memoir)=The Butterfly Mosque (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/41:_A_Portrait_of_My_Father=41: A Portrait of My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Citrus_Industry=The Citrus Industry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dada_Kamred=Dada Kamred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartet_for_the_End_of_Time_(novel)=Quartet for the End of Time (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Officer_Down_(novel)=Officer Down (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modern_Meat=Modern Meat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuan_Phai=Yuan Phai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Da_(Mather)=Da (Mather)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahavira:_The_Hero_of_Nonviolence=Mahavira: The Hero of Nonviolence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makers:_The_New_Industrial_Revolution=Makers: The New Industrial Revolution
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Diplomacy_and_the_Armenian_Question_from_the_1830s_to_1914=British Diplomacy and the Armenian Question from the 1830s to 1914
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kongzi_Jiayu=Kongzi Jiayu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eternal_Fragrance=Eternal Fragrance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trusted_Mole=Trusted Mole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddharmarathnakaraya=Saddharmarathnakaraya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladesman_of_Antares=Bladesman of Antares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chess_with_the_Doomsday_Machine=Chess with the Doomsday Machine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Night_Film:_A_Novel=Night Film: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingpin_(book)=Kingpin (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Private_L.A._(James_Patterson_novel)=Private L.A. (James Patterson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaphysical_Dog=Metaphysical Dog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redeployment_(book)=Redeployment (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Show_Way=Show Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dark_Emperor_&_Other_Poems_of_the_Night=Dark Emperor & Other Poems of the Night
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Voice_that_Challenged_a_Nation=The Voice that Challenged a Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyes_Wide_Open:_Going_Behind_the_Environmental_Headlines=Eyes Wide Open: Going Behind the Environmental Headlines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenvogel=Eisenvogel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Irrational_Atheist_(book)=The Irrational Atheist (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Bond:_Shoot_to_Kill=Young Bond: Shoot to Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bold_They_Rise=Bold They Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheels_Stop=Wheels Stop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agatha_Raisin_and_the_Potted_Gardener=Agatha Raisin and the Potted Gardener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thank_You_for_Your_Service=Thank You for Your Service
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Art_of_Asking=The Art of Asking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Battle_of_Nerves=A Battle of Nerves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Amelia_Earhart=I Am Amelia Earhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Rosa_Parks=I Am Rosa Parks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/I_Am_Albert_Einstein=I Am Albert Einstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_for_My_Son=Heroes for My Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Growth_Hacker_Marketing=Growth Hacker Marketing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heroes_for_My_Daughter=Heroes for My Daughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_Decoded:_The_10_Greatest_Conspiracies_of_All_Time=History Decoded: The 10 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Back_of_the_Turtle=The Back of the Turtle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Us_Conductors=Us Conductors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/419_(novel)=419 (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellgoing=Hellgoing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Lifeguard_on_Duty:_The_Accidental_Life_of_the_World's_First_Supermodel=No Lifeguard on Duty: The Accidental Life of the World's First Supermodel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avenger_of_Antares=Avenger of Antares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deepsix=Deepsix
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Crazy_Summer_(novel)=One Crazy Summer (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Little_Chapel_That_Stood=The Little Chapel That Stood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stingaree_(novel)=Stingaree (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammals_of_Sri_Lanka_(book)=Mammals of Sri Lanka (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicious_(novel)=Vicious (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hole_in_My_Life=Hole in My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrage:_The_Five_Reasons_Why_O.J._Simpson_Got_Away_with_Murder=Outrage: The Five Reasons Why O.J. Simpson Got Away with Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Do_You_Believe_in_Magic%3F_(book)=Do You Believe in Magic? (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirty_Acres=Thirty Acres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_King_Arthur_and_His_Knights=The Story of King Arthur and His Knights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Collected_Stories_of_Frank_Herbert=The Collected Stories of Frank Herbert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veranilda=Veranilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who_Is_Happy_in_Russia%3F=Who Is Happy in Russia?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Physiology_of_Saint_Petersburg=The Physiology of Saint Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyond_Religion:_Ethics_for_a_Whole_World=Beyond Religion: Ethics for a Whole World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discourse_on_Voluntary_Servitude=Discourse on Voluntary Servitude
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_the_Year_of_Jubilee=In the Year of Jubilee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/An_American_Plague=An American Plague
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carver:_A_Life_in_Poems=Carver: A Life in Poems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle-Pieces_and_Aspects_of_the_War=Battle-Pieces and Aspects of the War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Administrative_Code=New York City Administrative Code
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Rules=New York City Rules
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denzil_Quarrier=Denzil Quarrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Citrus_County_(novel)=Citrus County (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Whirlpool_(novel)=The Whirlpool (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Million_Heavens=A Million Heavens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Further_Joy=Further Joy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Online=Girl Online
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Life_and_Lives=My Life and Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Woman_of_Andros=The Woman of Andros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Fiction_of_the_Thirties=Science Fiction of the Thirties
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Agunah=The Agunah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helbeck_of_Bannisdale=Helbeck of Bannisdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Rose's_Daughter_(novel)=Lady Rose's Daughter (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Case_of_Richard_Meynell=The Case of Richard Meynell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleanor_(novel)=Eleanor (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Think_Like_a_Freak=Think Like a Freak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Shadows=Silver Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hire_Manik_Jale=Hire Manik Jale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Eighth_Day_(novel)=The Eighth Day (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redrawing_India:_The_Teach_For_India_Story=Redrawing India: The Teach For India Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armada_of_Antares=Armada of Antares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ice_Dragon=The Ice Dragon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/See_You_Tomorrow=See You Tomorrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter's_Room=Peter's Room
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Before_We_Say_Goodbye=Before We Say Goodbye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_in_White_Van=Wolf in White Van
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_of_Hollis_Woods_(novel)=Pictures of Hollis Woods (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart_of_a_Samurai=Heart of a Samurai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Abraham_Lincoln_Pocket_Watch_Conspiracy=The Great Abraham Lincoln Pocket Watch Conspiracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garasu_no_Usagi=Garasu no Usagi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Holy_State_and_the_Profane_State=The Holy State and the Profane State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Familjen_Anderssons_sjuka_jul=Familjen Anderssons sjuka jul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tides_of_Kregen=The Tides of Kregen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_History_of_David_Grieve=The History of David Grieve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holkham_Bible=Holkham Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_to_Mouth:_Living_in_Bootstrap_America=Hand to Mouth: Living in Bootstrap America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Questions_of_Travel=Questions of Travel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korobeiniki_(poem)=Korobeiniki (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twilight_in_the_Desert=Twilight in the Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegade_of_Kregen=Renegade of Kregen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcella_(novel)=Marcella (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialism_with_a_Northern_Accent=Socialism with a Northern Accent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everyman's_Rules_for_Scientific_Living=Everyman's Rules for Scientific Living
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_New_Living_Translation=Chinese New Living Translation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Standard_Bible=Chinese Standard Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/His_Illegal_Self=His Illegal Self
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cookery_Book_of_Lady_Clark_of_Tillypronie=The Cookery Book of Lady Clark of Tillypronie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Contemporary_Bible=Chinese Contemporary Bible
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Magisterium_Series=The Magisterium Series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krozair_of_Kregen=Krozair of Kregen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Rape_on_Campus=A Rape on Campus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foal's_Bread=Foal's Bread
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escape_from_Mr._Lemoncello's_Library=Escape from Mr. Lemoncello's Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etiquette_&_Espionage=Etiquette & Espionage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Afternoon_of_the_Elves=Afternoon of the Elves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse-Shoe_Robinson=Horse-Shoe Robinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odd_Thomas:_You_Are_Destined_to_Be_Together_Forever_(novella)=Odd Thomas: You Are Destined to Be Together Forever (novella)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Connie=Lady Connie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Moral_Works=Small Moral Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_First_Bad_Man_(novel)=The First Bad Man (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justin_Bieber:_Just_Getting_Started=Justin Bieber: Just Getting Started
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sir_George_Tressady=Sir George Tressady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thuggery_Affair=The Thuggery Affair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Someone_(book)=Someone (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentlemen_(novel)=Gentlemen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Dialogue_of_Comfort_against_Tribulation=A Dialogue of Comfort against Tribulation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_History_of_Chinese_Fiction=A Brief History of Chinese Fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/How_Google_Works=How Google Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ready-Made_Family=The Ready-Made Family
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Railway_(poem)=The Railway (poem)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seeing_the_Big_Picture=Seeing the Big Picture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilful_Disregard=Wilful Disregard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangsters_(novel)=Gangsters (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bomber_Command_War_Diaries=The Bomber Command War Diaries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Everything_I_Never_Told_You:_A_Novel=Everything I Never Told You: A Novel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Synden=Synden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetness_(novel)=Sweetness (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/April_Witch=April Witch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underdog_(novel)=Underdog (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Horrific_Sufferings_of_the_Mind-Reading_Monster_Hercules_Barefoot=The Horrific Sufferings of the Mind-Reading Monster Hercules Barefoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lottery_Scratchcards=Lottery Scratchcards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregorius_(novel)=Gregorius (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_American_Girl=The American Girl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stundande_natten=Stundande natten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ett_annat_liv=Ett annat liv
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Emperor_of_Lies=The Emperor of Lies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spill._En_damroman=Spill. En damroman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korparna=Korparna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Brief_Stop_on_the_Road_from_Auschwitz=A Brief Stop on the Road from Auschwitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liv_till_varje_pris=Liv till varje pris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vredens_barn=Vredens barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalen_Portland_(novel)=Dalen Portland (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pubertet=Pubertet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livets_ax=Livets ax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tecknens_rike=Tecknens rike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_sotarna!_De_sotarna!=De sotarna! De sotarna!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dear_Blue_Sky=Dear Blue Sky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Human_Factors_in_Engineering_and_Design=Human Factors in Engineering and Design
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irma_Voth=Irma Voth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rise_of_the_Meritocracy=The Rise of the Meritocracy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Man_in_a_Hurry=The Man in a Hurry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_on_the_Moon=City on the Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charming_Billy=Charming Billy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Striker_(Clive_Cussler)=The Striker (Clive Cussler)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orbital_Mechanics_for_Engineering_Students=Orbital Mechanics for Engineering Students
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirage_38=Mirage 38
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prophets_of_Eternal_Fjord=The Prophets of Eternal Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavian_(short_story_collection)=Bavian (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Between_the_Trees_(short_story_collection)=Between the Trees (short story collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ocean_(poetry_collection)=The Ocean (poetry collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juoksuhaudantie=Juoksuhaudantie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Discoverer=The Discoverer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's_Gate_(poetry_collection)=Queen's Gate (poetry collection)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/After_Having_Spent_a_Night_Among_Horses=After Having Spent a Night Among Horses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bang._En_roman_om_Herman_Bang=Bang. En roman om Herman Bang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels_of_the_Universe_(novel)=Angels of the Universe (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sun,_My_Father=The Sun, My Father
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byen_og_verden=Byen og verden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Day_in_Ostrobothnia=A Day in Ostrobothnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_1987=Roman 1987
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Om_fjorten_dage=Om fjorten dage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuels_bok=Samuels bok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kersantin_poika=Kersantin poika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islands_of_Slaves=Islands of Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna,_I,_Anna=Anna, I, Anna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Legionnaires=The Legionnaires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flight_of_the_Eagle_(novel)=Flight of the Eagle (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nye_noveller=Nye noveller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Big_She-Bear=A Big She-Bear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/From_Hell_to_Paradise_(book)=From Hell to Paradise (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetty_Rats=Jetty Rats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/K.G._Subramanyan,_a_Retrospective=K.G. Subramanyan, a Retrospective
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramkinkar_Baij_(book)=Ramkinkar Baij (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Cigarette_Papers=The Cigarette Papers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winger_(novel)=Winger (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weedflower=Weedflower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibet:_Through_the_Red_Box=Tibet: Through the Red Box
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_by_George_Harrison=Songs by George Harrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_the_Night_Watch=Keeping the Night Watch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Information_Diet:_A_Case_for_Conscious_Consumption=The Information Diet: A Case for Conscious Consumption
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_of_My_Mind_(Draper_novel)=Out of My Mind (Draper novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally_Heathcote:_Suffragette=Sally Heathcote: Suffragette
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosa_(children's_book)=Rosa (children's book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakmagia=Shakmagia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeless=Princeless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Fishing_in_the_Yemen_(novel)=Salmon Fishing in the Yemen (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imaginary_Lives=Imaginary Lives
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Histoire_Naturelle=Histoire Naturelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dead_Town=The Dead Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Long_Utopia=The Long Utopia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor_Ramage_R.N.=Governor Ramage R.N.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_of_Fools=Garden of Fools
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vandover_and_the_Brute=Vandover and the Brute
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Zoo_of_China=The Great Zoo of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Educating_the_Disfranchised_and_Disinherited=Educating the Disfranchised and Disinherited
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Photographic_Guide_to_the_Birds_of_Indonesia=A Photographic Guide to the Birds of Indonesia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Shadows=River of Shadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desert_God=Desert God
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newsfail=Newsfail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeping_Up_with_the_Kalashnikovs=Keeping Up with the Kalashnikovs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Tenants_(novel)=The Tenants (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Death-Defying_Pepper_Roux=The Death-Defying Pepper Roux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swerve_(novel)=Swerve (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ships_of_Slaves=Ships of Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coast_of_Slaves=Coast of Slaves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dresden_Files_short_fiction=The Dresden Files short fiction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Laurera=Sa Laurera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shadow_Scale=Shadow Scale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inhuman_Bondage:_The_Rise_and_Fall_of_Slavery_in_the_New_World=Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_ABC_of_Castro_Alves=The ABC of Castro Alves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bahia_de_Todos-os-santos_(book)=Bahia de Todos-os-santos (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Great_Mathematical_Problems=The Great Mathematical Problems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_The_Birds,_Singing=All The Birds, Singing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/She_Was_a_Queen=She Was a Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Kraken_Project=The Kraken Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollomuhku_ja_Posityyhtynen=Pollomuhku ja Posityyhtynen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Bar_(book)=Terminal Bar (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tender_Shoots=Tender Shoots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pictures_of_the_Pain=Pictures of the Pain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taming_a_Sea-Horse=Taming a Sea-Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Savage_Place=A Savage Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tracey_Takes_On_(book)=Tracey Takes On (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coasting_(memoir)=Coasting (memoir)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_of_The_Secret=The Secret of The Secret
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Traitor_Queen=The Traitor Queen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engineering_Infinity=Engineering Infinity
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_Girl_Walking=Dead Girl Walking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Time_on_Earth=A Time on Earth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jack_(Ulf_Lundell_novel)=Jack (Ulf Lundell novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mother_Gets_Married=My Mother Gets Married
http://dbpedia.org/resource/2Sides=2Sides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmen_-_Uma_Biografia=Carmen - Uma Biografia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fattiga_riddare_och_stora_svenskar=Fattiga riddare och stora svenskar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantomerna=Fantomerna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ankare=Ankare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Den_sista_cigaretten=Den sista cigaretten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hurricane_Party=The Hurricane Party
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attila_(novel)=Attila (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ismael_(novel)=Ismael (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Under_i_september=Under i september
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Education_and_Democracy:_The_Meaning_of_Alexander_Meiklejohn=Education and Democracy: The Meaning of Alexander Meiklejohn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_and_Cato=Henry and Cato
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Birck's_Youth=Martin Birck's Youth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Return_to_Ithaca_(novel)=Return to Ithaca (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Way_of_a_Serpent=The Way of a Serpent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soumission=Soumission
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Family_(novel)=First Family (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/People_of_Nepal_(book)=People of Nepal (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hour_Game=Hour Game
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Split_Second_(novel)=Split Second (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_and_Maxwell_(novel)=King and Maxwell (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Target_(Baldacci_novel)=The Target (Baldacci novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Blue_(novel)=True Blue (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_by_George_Harrison_2=Songs by George Harrison 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coming_Home_(Jack_McDevitt)=Coming Home (Jack McDevitt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemia_in_London=Bohemia in London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sessue_Hayakawa:_Silent_Cinema_and_Transnational_Stardom=Sessue Hayakawa: Silent Cinema and Transnational Stardom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pendragon_Protocol=The Pendragon Protocol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Human_Condition_(novel)=The Human Condition (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Simple_Truth=The Simple Truth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deliver_Us_From_Evil_(novel)=Deliver Us From Evil (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Total_Control_(novel)=Total Control (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Christmas_Train=The Christmas Train
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Heart_Is_a_Drunken_Compass=My Heart Is a Drunken Compass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coda_(novel)=Coda (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kintu_(Book)=Kintu (Book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_African_Saga=The African Saga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropical_Fish_(Book)=Tropical Fish (Book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glimpses:_A_Collection_of_Nightrunner_Short_Stories=Glimpses: A Collection of Nightrunner Short Stories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozu's_Anti-Cinema=Ozu's Anti-Cinema
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Day_(David_Baldacci_novel)=Zero Day (David Baldacci novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Forgotten_(Baldacci_novel)=The Forgotten (Baldacci novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Underground:_Finding_the_Light_to_Freedom=Underground: Finding the Light to Freedom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Planet_for_Texans=A Planet for Texans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Escape_(Baldacci_novel)=The Escape (Baldacci novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krigaren=Krigaren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Ince:_Hollywood's_Independent_Pioneer=Thomas Ince: Hollywood's Independent Pioneer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God's_Choice=God's Choice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Japanese_and_Europe=The Japanese and Europe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lila_(Robinson_novel)=Lila (Robinson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_the_Egg=First the Egg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nu_ska_vi_sjunga=Nu ska vi sjunga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angels'_Fall=Angels' Fall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Game_of_Authors=A Game of Authors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_och_Johanna=Eddie och Johanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddies_hus=Eddies hus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_hittar_guld=Eddie hittar guld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Can_You_Whistle,_Johanna%3F=Can You Whistle, Johanna?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Story_of_Sir_Launcelot_and_His_Companions=The Story of Sir Launcelot and His Companions
http://dbpedia.org/resource/En_ettas_dagbok=En ettas dagbok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberta_Karlsson_och_kungen=Roberta Karlsson och kungen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_and_the_Biscuit_Factory=Mimi and the Biscuit Factory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mimi_Gets_a_Grandpa=Mimi Gets a Grandpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddie_och_Maxon_Jaxon=Eddie och Maxon Jaxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Runaway_Sleigh_Ride=The Runaway Sleigh Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thorn_in_the_Bush=A Thorn in the Bush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Night,_Alfie_Atkins=Good Night, Alfie Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Very_Tricky,_Alfie_Atkins=Very Tricky, Alfie Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfie_and_His_Secret_Friend=Alfie and His Secret Friend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who'll_Save_Alfie_Atkins%3F=Who'll Save Alfie Atkins?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You're_a_Sly_One,_Alfie_Atkins!=You're a Sly One, Alfie Atkins!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Is_that_a_Monster,_Alfie_Atkins%3F=Is that a Monster, Alfie Atkins?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Who's_Scaring_Alfie_Atkins%3F=Who's Scaring Alfie Atkins?
http://dbpedia.org/resource/You_Have_a_Girlfriend,_Alfie_Atkins=You Have a Girlfriend, Alfie Atkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bara_knyt,_Alfons!=Bara knyt, Alfons!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mera_monster,_Alfons!=Mera monster, Alfons!
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfons_och_soldatpappan=Alfons och soldatpappan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assandira=Assandira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anna_Hastings=Anna Hastings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decision_(novel)=Decision (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liquid_Love_(book)=Liquid Love (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Red_Sari=The Red Sari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_Regia=Corona Regia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Prime_Ministers=The Prime Ministers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_God_Against_the_Gods=A God Against the Gods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/That_Summer_(Drury_novel)=That Summer (Drury novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severed:_The_True_Story_of_the_Black_Dahlia_Murder=Severed: The True Story of the Black Dahlia Murder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Odd=Saint Odd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nory_Ryans_Song=Nory Ryans Song
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Merchant_Prince=The Merchant Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk_(novel)=Hawk (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drums_for_Rancas=Drums for Rancas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Trouble:_Panic_and_Progress_in_the_History_of_Young_Women=Girl Trouble: Panic and Progress in the History of Young Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Thing_of_State=A Thing of State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Call_to_Action:_Women,_Religion,_Violence,_and_Power=A Call to Action: Women, Religion, Violence, and Power
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_History_of_South_India:_From_Prehistoric_Times_to_the_Fall_of_Vijayanagar=A History of South India: From Prehistoric Times to the Fall of Vijayanagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poseidon's_Wake=Poseidon's Wake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Drury's_University_series=Allen Drury's University series
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funny_Girl_(novel)=Funny Girl (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bear_Lake_(book)=Great Bear Lake (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Questionnaire_(novel_by_Salomon)=The Questionnaire (novel by Salomon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memory_of_Water=Memory of Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Brown_Book_of_the_Reichstag_Fire_and_Hitler_Terror=The Brown Book of the Reichstag Fire and Hitler Terror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_China-Pakistan_Axis:_Asia's_New_Geopolitics=The China-Pakistan Axis: Asia's New Geopolitics
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Star_Born=Star Born
http://dbpedia.org/resource/It's_a_Long_Story:_My_Life=It's a Long Story: My Life
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girl_Meets_Ghost=Girl Meets Ghost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paris_Trout_(novel)=Paris Trout (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventures_in_Stationery=Adventures in Stationery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragnet_Nation=Dragnet Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanishing_Point_(Markson_novel)=Vanishing Point (Markson novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakland,_Hub_of_the_West=Oakland, Hub of the West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chains_(novel)=Chains (novel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chasing_the_Scream=Chasing the Scream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Very_Strange_Society=A Very Strange Society
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Son=Golden Son
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fire_In_The_Sky_(book)=Fire In The Sky (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Year_in_Arcadia:_Kyllenion=One Year in Arcadia: Kyllenion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Secret_Place_(book)=The Secret Place (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Our_Man_in_Beirut=Our Man in Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Two_Hotel_Francforts=The Two Hotel Francforts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compulsory_Miseducation=Compulsory Miseducation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Technician_(book)=The Technician (book)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Hiawatha_Story=The Hiawatha Story
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zombie_Movies:_The_Ultimate_Guide=Zombie Movies: The Ultimate Guide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/In_a_Dark_Wood_Wandering=In a Dark Wood Wandering
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courage_and_Hesitation=Courage and Hesitation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hero_Found:_The_Greatest_POW_Escape_of_the_Vietnam_War=Hero Found: The Greatest POW Escape of the Vietnam War
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egypt:_The_Eternal_Smile=Egypt: The Eternal Smile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_good_african_story:_how_a_small_company_built_a_global_coffee_brand=A good african story: how a small company built a global coffee brand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Songs_of_paradise:_a_harvest_of_poetry_and_verse=Songs of paradise: a harvest of poetry and verse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongri_to_Dubai:_Six_Decades_of_the_Mumbai_Mafia=Dongri to Dubai: Six Decades of the Mumbai Mafia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Go_Set_a_Watchman=Go Set a Watchman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Sense_of_Style=The Sense of Style
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Architecture_of_Fear=The Architecture of Fear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetaHorror=MetaHorror
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Deaths_(anthology)=Little Deaths (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Penguin_Book_of_Modern_Fantasy_by_Women=The Penguin Book of Modern Fantasy by Women
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Birch,_Blood_Moon=Silver Birch, Blood Moon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Museum_of_Horrors=The Museum of Horrors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Man:_Tales_from_the_Mythic_Forest=The Green Man: Tales from the Mythic Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_X:_Armageddon=Daniel X: Armageddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Tales_(anthology)=Strange Tales (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fair_Folk=The Fair Folk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_(anthology)=Inferno (anthology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Fantastic_Tales=American Fantastic Tales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/My_Mother_She_Killed_Me,_My_Father_He_Ate_Me=My Mother She Killed Me, My Father He Ate Me
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atma_bodha=Atma bodha
