http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andorra=Andorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg_Municipality=Aalborg Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkadian_Empire=Akkadian Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abadan,_Iran=Abadan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas=Austin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalen=Aalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin=Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Tower_(Hong_Kong)=Bank of China Tower (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basel=Basel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocos_(Keeling)_Islands=Cocos (Keeling) Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Falls,_Iowa=Cedar Falls, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_of_England=Commonwealth of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholistan_Desert=Cholistan Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Maritimes=The Maritimes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Republic=Dominican Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador=Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equatorial_Guinea=Equatorial Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_Building=Empire State Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elba=Elba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortaleza=Fortaleza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Isle=Fair Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea-Bissau=Guinea-Bissau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent=Ghent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galicia_(Spain)=Galicia (Spain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guantanamo_Bay_Naval_Base=Guantanamo Bay Naval Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Victoria_Desert=Great Victoria Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilter=Hilter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii=Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield,_Hertfordshire=Hatfield, Hertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamoaze=Hamoaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiribati=Kiribati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalahari_Desert=Kalahari Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libya=Libya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Nebraska=Lincoln, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisbon=Lisbon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Altos,_California=Los Altos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi=Malawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius=Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands=Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg=Nuremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria=Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthenon=Parthenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastaza_River=Pastaza River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qing_dynasty=Qing dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire=Roman Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Republic=Roman Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovakia=Slovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marino=San Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenia=Slovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_New_Brunswick=Saint John, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srebrenica=Srebrenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Desert=Simpson Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia=Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirana=Tirana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thar_Desert=Thar Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ucayali_River=Ucayali River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatican_City=Vatican City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansund=Kristiansund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut=Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shravanabelagola=Shravanabelagola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi=Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granada=Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany=Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dearborn=Fort Dearborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey=Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyzyl_Kum=Kyzyl Kum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County,_California=Orange County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanar=Manzanar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang=Pyongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amazon_rainforest=Amazon rainforest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereford=Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celje=Celje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annesley_Hall=Annesley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabuty=Prabuty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbe=Elbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Severn=River Severn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbuda=Barbuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Plains=Great Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_New_York=Washington County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi=New Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indochina=Indochina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeeland=Zeeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa=Addis Ababa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(county)=West Midlands (county)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg,_Pennsylvania=Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood=Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton,_Michigan=Houghton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_County,_New_York=Warren County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Brabant=North Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Bank_of_the_United_States=Second Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bank_of_the_United_States=First Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basseterre=Basseterre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo=Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Territory=Indian Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_County,_Illinois=Clinton County, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basra=Basra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_West_Virginia=Charleston, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baalbek=Baalbek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swindon=Swindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Ohio=Fairfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_South_Carolina=Charleston, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Baudouin_Stadium=King Baudouin Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sable_Island=Sable Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountains_(New_South_Wales)=Blue Mountains (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bled=Bled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Sandy_Desert=Great Sandy Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Province=Taiwan Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Canada=Atlantic Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tychy=Tychy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bideford=Bideford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubin=Lubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo=Democratic Republic of the Congo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_County,_California=Alpine County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_County,_California=Los Angeles County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes=Cannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loire_Valley=Loire Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_New_Jersey=Princeton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_Pennsylvania=Columbia, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodleian_Library=Bodleian Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folkestone=Folkestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America,_Limburg=America, Limburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirte_District=Sirte District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brok=Brok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg,_Virginia=Petersburg, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Virginia=Franklin, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_County,_Texas=King County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erath_County,_Texas=Erath County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_County,_Tennessee=Rutherford County, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_County,_Tennessee=Franklin County, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzerne_County,_Pennsylvania=Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caen=Caen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London_Line=East London Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Roscommon=County Roscommon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer_County,_Nebraska=Thayer County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_County,_Nebraska=Valley County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrill_County,_Nebraska=Morrill County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_County,_Nebraska=Johnson County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_County,_Nebraska=Dawson County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beddington=Beddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford=Brentford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crofton_Park=Crofton Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornsey=Hornsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newington,_London=Newington, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perivale=Perivale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_Newington=Stoke Newington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandsworth=Wandsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laclede_County,_Missouri=Laclede County, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Missouri=Jackson County, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Mississippi=Jackson County, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_County,_Minnesota=Cook County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolcraft_County,_Michigan=Schoolcraft County, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaistow,_Newham=Plaistow, Newham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes,_Hillingdon=Hayes, Hillingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debden,_Uttlesford=Debden, Uttlesford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County,_Kentucky=Union County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crittenden_County,_Kentucky=Crittenden County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_County,_Kentucky=Butler County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_County,_Kansas=Wilson County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyandotte_County,_Kansas=Wyandotte County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward_County,_Kansas=Seward County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa_County,_Kansas=Ottawa County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_County,_Kansas=Logan County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_County,_Kansas=Linn County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_County,_Kansas=Lane County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon_County,_Kansas=Lyon County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa_County,_Kansas=Kiowa County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeley_County,_Kansas=Greeley County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_County,_Kansas=Hamilton County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_County,_Kansas=Douglas County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffey_County,_Kansas=Coffey County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_County,_Kansas=Cherokee County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_County,_Kansas=Chase County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Town=Camden Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_County,_Iowa=Hancock County, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_County,_Indiana=Jasper County, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_Illinois=Washington County, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_County,_Illinois=Henry County, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teton_County,_Idaho=Teton County, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenai_County,_Idaho=Kootenai County, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestinian_territories=Palestinian territories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_Georgia=Washington County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screven_County,_Georgia=Screven County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman_County,_Georgia=Quitman County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oglethorpe_County,_Georgia=Oglethorpe County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_County,_Georgia=Madison County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_County,_Georgia=Jefferson County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_County,_Georgia=Jasper County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Georgia=Jackson County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Davis_County,_Georgia=Jeff Davis County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_County,_Georgia=Houston County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_County,_Georgia=Harris County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haralson_County,_Georgia=Haralson County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_County,_Georgia=Gordon County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur_County,_Georgia=Decatur County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_County,_Georgia=Douglas County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_County,_Georgia=Crawford County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_County,_Georgia=Baldwin County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitkin_County,_Colorado=Pitkin County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma_County,_Colorado=Montezuma County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Animas_County,_Colorado=Las Animas County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson_County,_Colorado=Kit Carson County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa_County,_Colorado=Kiowa County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_Arkansas=Washington County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_County,_Arkansas=St. Francis County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searcy_County,_Arkansas=Searcy County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_County,_Arkansas=Marion County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_County,_Arkansas=Lincoln County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_County,_Arkansas=Johnson County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_County,_Arkansas=Madison County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Spring_County,_Arkansas=Hot Spring County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garland_County,_Arkansas=Garland County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_County,_Arkansas=Franklin County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_County,_Arkansas=Fulton County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_County,_Arkansas=Conway County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_County,_Arkansas=Bradley County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Parish,_Louisiana=Washington Parish, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaquemines_Parish,_Louisiana=Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_David's_Cathedral=St David's Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge=London Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Cocalico_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=East Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Drumore_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=East Drumore Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumore_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Drumore Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lampeter_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=East Lampeter Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiraspol=Tiraspol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunenburg,_Nova_Scotia=Lunenburg, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheringham_Park=Sheringham Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountains_National_Park=Blue Mountains National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestonsburg,_Kentucky=Prestonsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_of_Jerusalem_National_Park=Walls of Jerusalem National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_National_Park=Alfred National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lakes_National_Park=The Lakes National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Islands_National_Park=Hope Islands National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Alabama=Butler, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Alabama=Jackson, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee,_Alabama=Cherokee, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview,_Alabama=Lakeview, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewton,_Alabama=Brewton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attalla,_Alabama=Attalla, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay,_Alabama=Clay, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Alabama=Marion, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_View,_Alabama=Lake View, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napakiak,_Alaska=Napakiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napaskiak,_Alaska=Napaskiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farm_Loop,_Alaska=Farm Loop, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna,_Alaska=Susitna, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanaina,_Alaska=Tanaina, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna_North,_Alaska=Susitna North, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangell,_Alaska=Wrangell, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanana,_Alaska=Tanana, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santan,_Arizona=Santan, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacaton,_Arizona=Sacaton, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview,_Arkansas=Lakeview, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Flock,_Arkansas=Little Flock, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Arkansas=Omaha, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berryville,_Arkansas=Berryville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis,_Arkansas=St. Francis, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset,_Arkansas=Sunset, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Arkansas=Marion, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Buren,_Arkansas=Van Buren, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Arkansas=Fulton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Arkansas=Washington, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Arkansas=Nashville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Arkansas=Franklin, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hall,_Arkansas=White Hall, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley,_Arkansas=Bradley, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garland,_Arkansas=Garland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perryville,_Arkansas=Perryville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_View,_Arkansas=Lake View, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Arkansas=Jacksonville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant,_Arkansas=Bryant, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty-Six,_Arkansas=Fifty-Six, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Arkansas=Madison, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson,_Arkansas=Johnson, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Arkansas=Lincoln, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searcy,_Arkansas=Searcy, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunol,_California=Sunol, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_Village,_California=Alpine Village, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico,_California=Chico, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Point,_California=Bay Point, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldon,_California=Waldon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Cove,_California=Orange Cove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Joaquin,_California=San Joaquin, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lake,_California=Blue Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutten,_California=Cutten, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcata,_California=Arcata, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_California=Eureka, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldon,_California=Weldon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Garden,_California=Home Garden, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_California=Arcadia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut,_California=Walnut, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Forest,_California=Lake Forest, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Santa_Margarita,_California=Rancho Santa Margarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange,_California=Orange, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Mills,_California=Crescent Mills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Gardens,_California=Home Gardens, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/March_Air_Reserve_Base=March Air Reserve Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Grove,_California=Walnut Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chino,_California=Chino, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Gardens,_California=Winter Gardens, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Hills,_California=Lexington Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunol-Midtown,_California=Sunol-Midtown, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara,_California=Santa Clara, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotts_Valley,_California=Scotts Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soquel,_California=Soquel, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yreka,_California=Yreka, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Rio,_California=Monte Rio, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma,_California=Sonoma, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuba_City,_California=Yuba City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Camp,_California=Chinese Camp, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Monte,_California=Mira Monte, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland,_California=Woodland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Animas,_Colorado=Las Animas, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Colorado=Louisville, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson,_Colorado=Kit Carson, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa,_Colorado=Kiowa, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitkin,_Colorado=Pitkin, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores,_Colorado=Dolores, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma,_Colorado=Montezuma, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainville,_Connecticut=Plainville, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford,_Connecticut=Stafford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainfield,_Connecticut=Plainfield, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiland_Park,_Florida=Hiland Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City,_Florida=Panama City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Shores,_Florida=Palm Shores, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_Creek,_Florida=Coconut Creek, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Heights=Golden Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Lake,_Florida=Cypress Lake, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee,_Florida=Lee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter_Island,_Florida=Jupiter Island, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewall's_Point,_Florida=Sewall's Point, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Harbour,_Florida=Bal Harbour, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Beach,_Florida=Miami Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Isle,_Florida=Belle Isle, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Lakes,_Florida=Cypress Lakes, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_Shores,_Florida=Palm Beach Shores, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Shores,_Florida=Indian Shores, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Park,_Florida=Highland Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Georgia=Newton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin,_Georgia=Baldwin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White,_Georgia=White, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Georgia=Macon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Georgia=Jackson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_Georgia=Morgan, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski,_Georgia=Pulaski, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Georgia=Douglas, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haralson,_Georgia=Haralson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_City,_Georgia=Peachtree City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell,_Georgia=Mitchell, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_Georgia=Calhoun, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Georgia=Franklin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Georgia=Jefferson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson,_Georgia=Nicholson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartow,_Georgia=Bartow, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oglethorpe,_Georgia=Oglethorpe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colquitt,_Georgia=Colquitt, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsyth,_Georgia=Forsyth, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Georgia=Madison, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford,_Georgia=Crawford, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Georgia=Jasper, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumpkin,_Georgia=Lumpkin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Georgia=Dawson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Georgia=Monroe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screven,_Georgia=Screven, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon,_Georgia=Gordon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Georgia=Washington, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenai,_Idaho=Kootenai, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandpoint,_Idaho=Sandpoint, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teton,_Idaho=Teton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezperce,_Idaho=Nezperce, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Illinois=Marshall, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckemeyer,_Illinois=Beckemeyer, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Baden,_Illinois=New Baden, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatine,_Illinois=Palatine, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine,_Illinois=Palestine, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Illinois=Clinton, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa,_Illinois=Genoa, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakbrook_Terrace,_Illinois=Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason,_Illinois=Mason, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Illinois=Hamilton, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annawan,_Illinois=Annawan, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_River,_Illinois=Apple River, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Illinois=Montgomery, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oreana,_Illinois=Oreana, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry,_Illinois=Henry, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenona,_Illinois=Wenona, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenoa,_Illinois=Chenoa, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenonah,_Illinois=Wenonah, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeleville,_Illinois=Steeleville, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Illinois=Washington, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_City,_Illinois=Norris City, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Illinois=Fulton, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Illinois=Marion, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Indiana=Montgomery, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Indiana=Washington, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Indiana=Jasper, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth,_Indiana=Elizabeth, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Indiana=Madison, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Indiana=Franklin, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_City,_Indiana=Rome City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Indiana=Marshall, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene,_Iowa=Greene, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola,_Iowa=Osceola, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monona,_Iowa=Monona, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Iowa=Jefferson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Iowa=Union, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Iowa=Monroe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster,_Iowa=Webster, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Iowa=Franklin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Iowa=Marion, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapello,_Iowa=Wapello, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Iowa=Fremont, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Iowa=Hamilton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock,_Iowa=Hancock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut,_Iowa=Walnut, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Iowa=Benton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeley,_Kansas=Greeley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa,_Kansas=Kiowa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass,_Kansas=Douglass, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee,_Kansas=Cherokee, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Kansas=Wilson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane,_Kansas=Lane, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa,_Kansas=Ottawa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Kansas=Hamilton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Kansas=Allen, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffeyville,_Kansas=Coffeyville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Kansas=Logan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase,_Kansas=Chase, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assaria,_Kansas=Assaria, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Aire,_Kansas=Bel Aire, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward,_Kansas=Seward, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn,_Kansas=Linn, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineville,_Kentucky=Pineville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Kentucky=Union, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Kentucky=Jackson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgantown,_Kentucky=Morgantown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel,_Kentucky=Hazel, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayson,_Kentucky=Grayson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Kentucky=Marion, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin,_Kentucky=Martin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Kentucky=Allen, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickman,_Kentucky=Hickman, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crittenden,_Kentucky=Crittenden, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatwoods,_Kentucky=Flatwoods, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Kentucky=Cumberland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Kentucky=Henderson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Kentucky=Clinton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown,_Kentucky=Middletown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmoor_Manor,_Kentucky=Strathmoor Manor, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmoor_Village,_Kentucky=Strathmoor Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle,_Kentucky=Carlisle, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owenton,_Kentucky=Owenton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Kentucky=Butler, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikeville,_Kentucky=Pikeville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Hill,_Kentucky=Science Hill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston,_Kentucky=Livingston, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Kentucky=Franklin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay,_Kentucky=Clay, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napoleonville,_Louisiana=Napoleonville, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Louisiana=Jackson, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powhatan,_Louisiana=Powhatan, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Louisiana=Washington, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Louisiana=Franklin, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loring_Air_Force_Base=Loring Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Maine=Franklin, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penobscot,_Maine=Penobscot, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Maine=Washington, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox,_Maine=Knox, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biddeford,_Maine=Biddeford, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owings_Mills,_Maryland=Owings Mills, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owings,_Maryland=Owings, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Frederick,_Maryland=Prince Frederick, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air,_Harford_County,_Maryland=Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield,_Massachusetts=Sheffield, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Massachusetts=Franklin, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Harbor,_Massachusetts=Green Harbor, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcona_Township,_Michigan=Alcona Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millen_Township,_Michigan=Millen Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Michigan=Lincoln, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onota_Township,_Michigan=Onota Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_River_Township,_Michigan=Rock River Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Township,_Michigan=Martin Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laketown_Township,_Michigan=Laketown Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otsego_Township,_Michigan=Otsego Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otsego,_Michigan=Otsego, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Township,_Michigan=Green Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossineke,_Michigan=Ossineke, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth,_Michigan=Ellsworth, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Township,_Michigan=Carlton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Michigan=Auburn, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Township,_Michigan=Fraser Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Township,_Michigan=Merritt Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almira_Township,_Michigan=Almira Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Lake_Township,_Michigan=Crystal Lake Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Benton Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Plain,_Michigan=Fair Plain, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Lincoln Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Paw_Lake,_Michigan=Paw Paw Lake, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph,_Michigan=St. Joseph, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Michigan=Burlington, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Township,_Michigan=Wayne Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munro_Township,_Michigan=Munro Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Township,_Michigan=Walker Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Michigan=Harrison, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redding_Township,_Michigan=Redding Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Township,_Michigan=Victor Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Windsor Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaines,_Michigan=Gaines, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_Township,_Michigan=Bentley Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fife_Lake_Township,_Michigan=Fife Lake Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Township,_Michigan=Paradise Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcada_Township,_Michigan=Arcada Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_River_Township,_Michigan=Pine River Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette_Township,_Michigan=Fayette Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Township,_Michigan=Reading Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_Township,_Michigan=Stanton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_Township,_Michigan=Huron Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_Township,_Michigan=Winsor Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason,_Michigan=Mason, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyons_Township,_Michigan=Lyons Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover,_Michigan=Hanover, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski_Township,_Michigan=Pulaski Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolcraft,_Michigan=Schoolcraft, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_River_Township,_Michigan=Rapid River Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Township,_Michigan=Byron Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonia,_Michigan=Caledonia, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Center,_Michigan=Byron Center, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hills,_Michigan=Forest Hills, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Michigan=Walker, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Township,_Michigan=Ellsworth Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauble_Township,_Michigan=Sauble Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmwood_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Elmwood Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison,_Michigan=Addison, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Michigan=Clayton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_Township,_Michigan=Conway Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevort_Township,_Michigan=Brevort Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran_Township,_Michigan=Moran Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Township,_Michigan=Harrison Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Township,_Michigan=Ray Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven,_Michigan=New Haven, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Shelby Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Township,_Michigan=Victory Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martiny_Township,_Michigan=Martiny Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellen_Township,_Michigan=Mellen Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_Township,_Michigan=Spalding Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfield_Township,_Michigan=Butterfield Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Township,_Michigan=London Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Monroe Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairplain_Township,_Michigan=Fairplain Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Michigan=Sheridan, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_Michigan=Stanton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laketon_Township,_Michigan=Laketon Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall,_Michigan=Whitehall, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Michigan=Fremont, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Michigan=Grant, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Township,_Michigan=Monroe Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_Township,_Michigan=Merrill Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Sheridan Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Township,_Michigan=Addison Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Bildt=Het Bildt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groesbeek=Groesbeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozendaal=Rozendaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montfoort=Montfoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalburg=Aalburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haaren,_North_Brabant=Haaren, North Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claybanks_Township,_Michigan=Claybanks Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Township,_Michigan=Horton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Michigan=Marion, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Township,_Michigan=Charlton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Holland Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulawski_Township,_Michigan=Pulawski Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blumfield_Township,_Michigan=Blumfield Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt,_Michigan=Burt, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton_Township,_Michigan=Carrollton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Township,_Michigan=James Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill,_Michigan=Merrill, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaulding_Township,_Michigan=Spaulding Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antrim_Township,_Michigan=Antrim Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron,_Michigan=Byron, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor,_Michigan=Bangor, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Paw_Township,_Michigan=Paw Paw Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Paw,_Michigan=Paw Paw, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Augusta Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_Township,_Michigan=Lyndon Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Huron Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice,_Minnesota=Rice, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_River,_Minnesota=Boy River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_City,_Minnesota=Rush City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skree_Township,_Clay_County,_Minnesota=Skree Township, Clay County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Earth,_Minnesota=Blue Earth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Township,_Goodhue_County,_Minnesota=Florence Township, Goodhue County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkenny,_Minnesota=Kilkenny, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Minnesota=Florence, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood,_Minnesota=Cottonwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Minnesota=Marshall, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary,_Minnesota=Gary, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beltrami,_Minnesota=Beltrami, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandia_Township,_Polk_County,_Minnesota=Scandia Township, Polk County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bear_Lake_Township,_Pope_County,_Minnesota=White Bear Lake Township, Pope County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bear_Township,_Ramsey_County,_Minnesota=White Bear Township, Ramsey County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker,_Minnesota=Becker, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Minnesota=Grant, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman,_Mississippi=Quitman, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Mississippi=Marion, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Missouri=Lincoln, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Missouri=Jackson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark,_Missouri=Ozark, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Missouri=Randolph, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelville,_Missouri=Steelville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewartsville,_Missouri=Stewartsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Missouri=Washington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Missouri=Clinton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon,_Missouri=Oregon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Missouri=Franklin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Ridge,_Missouri=High Ridge, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotsdale,_Missouri=Scotsdale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller,_Missouri=Miller, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laclede,_Missouri=Laclede, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Missouri=Madison, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhineland,_Missouri=Rhineland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn,_Missouri=Linn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Missouri=Perry, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_Missouri=Camden, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Missouri=Benton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Belknap_Agency,_Montana=Fort Belknap Agency, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremelo=Tremelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Montana=Sheridan, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Lodge,_Montana=Deer Lodge, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenesaw,_Nebraska=Kenesaw, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearney,_Nebraska=Kearney, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley,_Nebraska=Valley, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_Nebraska=Adams, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steele_City,_Nebraska=Steele City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson,_Nebraska=Johnson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Nebraska=Douglas, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Nebraska=Dawson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrill,_Nebraska=Morrill, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer,_Nebraska=Thayer, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmira_Township,_Michigan=Elmira Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Springs,_Nevada=Silver Springs, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Harbor,_New_Hampshire=Center Harbor, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan,_New_Hampshire=Sullivan, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll,_New_Hampshire=Carroll, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack,_New_Hampshire=Merrimack, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark,_Missouri=Clark, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo,_Missouri=Cairo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Missouri=Jacksonville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaistow,_New_Hampshire=Plaistow, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_River,_New_Jersey=Saddle River, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorestown,_New_Jersey=Moorestown, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton,_New_Jersey=Pemberton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmyra,_New_Jersey=Palmyra, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Township,_New_Jersey=Riverside Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Township,_Burlington_County,_New_Jersey=Springfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_New_Jersey=Ashland, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellmawr,_New_Jersey=Bellmawr, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin,_New_Jersey=Berlin, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmere,_New_Jersey=Strathmere, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_City,_New_Jersey=Union City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_New_Jersey=Clinton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkhamsted=Berkhamsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_New_Jersey=Milford, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Township,_New_Jersey=Princeton Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milltown,_New_Jersey=Milltown, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmar,_New_Jersey=Belmar, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freehold_Borough,_New_Jersey=Freehold Borough, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freehold_Township,_New_Jersey=Freehold Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millstone_Township,_New_Jersey=Millstone Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_Township,_New_Jersey=Neptune Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown_Township,_New_Jersey=Middletown Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_City,_New_Jersey=Neptune City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrewsbury_Township,_New_Jersey=Shrewsbury Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmore,_New_Jersey=Strathmore, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrewsbury,_New_Jersey=Shrewsbury, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonton,_New_Jersey=Boonton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Borough,_New_Jersey=Chester Borough, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Township,_New_Jersey=Chester Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockaway,_New_Jersey=Rockaway, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Pleasant,_New_Jersey=Point Pleasant, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Milford,_New_Jersey=West Milford, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millstone,_New_Jersey=Millstone, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raritan,_New_Jersey=Raritan, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andover,_New_Jersey=Andover, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden,_New_Jersey=Linden, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Township,_Union_County,_New_Jersey=Springfield Township, Union County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_New_Jersey=Washington, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_New_Mexico=Des Moines, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee,_New_York=Genesee, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson,_Broome_County,_New_York=Dickinson, Broome County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saranac,_New_York=Saranac, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortland,_New_York=Cortland, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harford,_New_York=Harford, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tompkins,_New_York=Tompkins, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_New_York=LaGrange, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Elba,_New_York=North Elba, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellmont,_New_York=Bellmont, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson,_Franklin_County,_New_York=Dickinson, Franklin County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Flatts,_New_York=German Flatts, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannsville,_New_York=Mannsville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orleans,_New_York=Orleans, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansville,_Livingston_County,_New_York=Dansville, Livingston County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneida,_New_York=Oneida, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmingdale,_New_York=Farmingdale, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence,_Nassau_County,_New_York=Lawrence, Nassau County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steuben,_New_York=Steuben, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western,_New_York=Western, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca,_New_York=Seneca, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida,_Orange_County,_New_York=Florida, Orange County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Nassau,_New_York=East Nassau, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staten_Island=Staten Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangetown,_New_York=Orangetown, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Square,_New_York=New Square, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga,_New_York=Saratoga, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne,_New_York=Wayne, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmingville,_New_York=Farmingville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenport,_Suffolk_County,_New_York=Greenport, Suffolk County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware,_New_York=Delaware, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland,_New_York=Rockland, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_Warren_County,_New_York=Chester, Warren County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden,_Washington_County,_New_York=Dresden, Washington County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_New_York=Hampton, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putnam,_New_York=Putnam, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortlandt,_New_York=Cortlandt, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham,_North_Carolina=Graham, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_North_Carolina=Washington, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Arcadia,_North_Carolina=East Arcadia, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenoir,_North_Carolina=Lenoir, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Beach,_North_Carolina=Atlantic Beach, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort,_North_Carolina=Beaufort, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Point,_North_Carolina=Cedar Point, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick,_North_Carolina=Brunswick, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statesville,_North_Carolina=Statesville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_North_Carolina=Franklin, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston,_North_Carolina=Gaston, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_North_Carolina=Jackson, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_North_Carolina=Jacksonville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford,_North_Carolina=Hertford, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_North_Carolina=Columbus, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockingham,_North_Carolina=Rockingham, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton,_North_Carolina=Lumberton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_North_Carolina=Madison, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avesta_Municipality=Avesta Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_North_Carolina=Macon, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_North_Dakota=Adams, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Ohio=Jefferson, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ohio=Hamilton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow,_Ohio=Moscow, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron,_Ohio=Huron, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelleys_Island,_Ohio=Kelleys Island, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll,_Ohio=Carroll, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Arlington,_Ohio=Upper Arlington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamora,_Ohio=Metamora, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette,_Ohio=Fayette, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinton,_Ohio=Vinton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavercreek,_Ohio=Beavercreek, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_George_G._Meade=Fort George G. Meade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Ohio=Harrison, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Ohio=Montgomery, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Ohio=Arlington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Ohio=Logan, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Ohio=Madison, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Ohio=Perry, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanesfield,_Ohio=Zanesfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Ohio=Fulton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich,_Ohio=Norwich, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanesville,_Ohio=Zanesville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Ohio=Butler, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas,_Ohio=Lucas, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby,_Ohio=Shelby, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Ohio=Clinton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren,_Ohio=Warren, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrow,_Ohio=Morrow, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matamoras,_Ohio=Matamoras, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Ohio=Portage, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne,_Ohio=Wayne, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble,_Oklahoma=Noble, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Creek,_Oklahoma=Deer Creek, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adair,_Oklahoma=Adair, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Miami,_Oklahoma=North Miami, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Linn,_Oregon=West Linn, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bend,_Oregon=North Bend, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend,_Oregon=Bend, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler,_Oregon=Wheeler, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopher_Flats,_Oregon=Gopher Flats, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Germany Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Joy_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Mount Joy Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menallen_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Menallen Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Oxford Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleppo_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Aleppo Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Baldwin Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalfant,_Pennsylvania=Chalfant, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Elizabeth Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findlay_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Findlay Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millvale,_Pennsylvania=Millvale, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Versailles_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=North Versailles Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Fayette_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=North Fayette Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Ohio Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Fayette_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=South Fayette Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_St._Clair_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper St. Clair Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Whitehall, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Township,_Armstrong_County,_Pennsylvania=Burrell Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Township,_Armstrong_County,_Pennsylvania=Manor Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbank_Township,_Armstrong_County,_Pennsylvania=Redbank Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bethlehem,_Pennsylvania=South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Township,_Beaver_County,_Pennsylvania=Independence Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Sewickley_Township,_Beaver_County,_Pennsylvania=New Sewickley Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sewickley_Township,_Beaver_County,_Pennsylvania=North Sewickley Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_Pennsylvania=Rochester, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Township,_Bedford_County,_Pennsylvania=Bloomfield Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_St._Clair_Township,_Bedford_County,_Pennsylvania=East St. Clair Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_St._Clair_Township,_Bedford_County,_Pennsylvania=West St. Clair Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Albany Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsace_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Alsace Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecknock_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Brecknock Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Alsace_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Alsace Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Rockland Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulpehocken_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Tulpehocken Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Tulpehocken_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Tulpehocken Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Windsor Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyomissing,_Pennsylvania=Wyomissing, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Albany Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Athens Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Towanda_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=North Towanda Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Pennsylvania=Monroe, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Rome Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towanda_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Towanda Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Troy Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Wells Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windham_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Windham Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Warren Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Buckingham Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Rockhill_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=East Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Makefield_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Makefield Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Britain,_Pennsylvania=New Britain, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Britain_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=New Britain Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Northampton Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinicum_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Tinicum Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Makefield_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Makefield Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Warrington Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Rockhill_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=West Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Township,_Butler_County,_Pennsylvania=Lancaster Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex_Township,_Butler_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlesex Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacklick_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Blacklick Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresson,_Pennsylvania=Cresson, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Elder Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Yoder_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Yoder Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Pennsylvania=Portage, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Yoder_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Yoder Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banks_Township,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Banks Township, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Towamensing_Township,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Towamensing Township, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towamensing_Township,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Towamensing Township, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_Township,_Centre_County,_Pennsylvania=Burnside Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caln_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Brandywine_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Brandywine Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Caln_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Coventry_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Nantmeal_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Nantmeal Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Marlborough_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Goshen_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Goshen Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Nottingham_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Nottingham Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Pikeland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Pikeland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Vincent_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Vincent Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Whiteland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Whiteland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Britain_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=London Britain Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Oxford_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Oxford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Coventry_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=North Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsbury_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Pennsbury Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Coventry_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=South Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornbury_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Thornbury Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Oxford_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Oxford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwchlan_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Uwchlan Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Uwchlan_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Uwchlan Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Brandywine_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Brandywine Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Caln_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Marlborough_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Goshen_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Goshen Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nantmeal_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Nantmeal Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pikeland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Pikeland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nottingham_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Nottingham Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Vincent_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Vincent Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Whiteland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Whiteland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bethlehem,_Pennsylvania=New Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbank_Township,_Clarion_County,_Pennsylvania=Redbank Township, Clarion County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_Township,_Clearfield_County,_Pennsylvania=Burnside Township, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habo_Municipality=Habo Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshen_Township,_Clearfield_County,_Pennsylvania=Goshen Township, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Township,_Clearfield_County,_Pennsylvania=Lawrence Township, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvesta_Municipality=Alvesta Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almedia,_Pennsylvania=Almedia, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Township,_Columbia_County,_Pennsylvania=Benton Township, Columbia County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millville,_Pennsylvania=Millville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Athens Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Bloomfield Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Mead_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=East Mead Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Rome Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Troy Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venango,_Pennsylvania=Venango, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Vernon Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Mead_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=West Mead Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooke_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Cooke Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Pennsboro_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=East Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampden_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Hampden Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Allen_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Allen Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Frankford_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Frankford Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlesex Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Middleton_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=North Middleton Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Middleton_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=South Middleton Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Allen_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Allen Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Frankford_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Frankford Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pennsboro_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=West Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Paxton_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Middle Paxton Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Paxton_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Paxton Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelton,_Pennsylvania=Steelton, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Paxton_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Paxton Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Williams Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby,_Pennsylvania=Darby, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_Pennsylvania=Chester, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Chichester_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Chichester Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media,_Pennsylvania=Media, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridley_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Ridley Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornbury_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Thornbury Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Chichester_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Chichester Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Darby_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Darby Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_Township,_Erie_County,_Pennsylvania=Amity Township, Erie County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKean,_Pennsylvania=McKean, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=German Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markleysburg,_Pennsylvania=Markleysburg, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menallen_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=Menallen Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=Nicholson Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnett_Township,_Forest_County,_Pennsylvania=Barnett Township, Forest County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=Wharton Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Township,_Franklin_County,_Pennsylvania=Warren Township, Franklin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Township,_Fulton_County,_Pennsylvania=Todd Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Township,_Fulton_County,_Pennsylvania=Thompson Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Township,_Fulton_County,_Pennsylvania=Wells Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleppo_Township,_Greene_County,_Pennsylvania=Aleppo Township, Greene County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marklesburg,_Pennsylvania=Marklesburg, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Township,_Huntingdon_County,_Pennsylvania=Miller Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Township,_Huntingdon_County,_Pennsylvania=Todd Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Armstrong Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banks_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Banks Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Lick,_Pennsylvania=Black Lick, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Lick_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Black Lick Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Burrell Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Wheatfield_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Pennsylvania=Jacksonville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wheatfield_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=West Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnett_Township,_Jefferson_County,_Pennsylvania=Barnett Township, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Young Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Township,_Jefferson_County,_Pennsylvania=Young Township, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette_Township,_Juniata_County,_Pennsylvania=Fayette Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=Benton Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Abington_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=North Abington Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Abington_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=South Abington Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecknock_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Brecknock Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Abington_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=West Abington Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Lancaster Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Britain_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Little Britain Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leacock_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Leacock Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Elizabeth Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Manor Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Joy_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Mount Joy Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Leacock_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Leacock Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cocalico_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=West Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle,_Pennsylvania=New Castle, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annville_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=Annville Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington_Township,_Lawrence_County,_Pennsylvania=Wilmington Township, Lawrence County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fredericksburg,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=Fredericksburg, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Annville_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=North Annville Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Cornwall_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=North Cornwall Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lebanon_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=North Lebanon Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Annville_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=South Annville Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lebanon_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=South Lebanon Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cornwall_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=West Cornwall Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lebanon_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=West Lebanon Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Macungie_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Macungie Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Whitehall_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=North Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Macungie_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Macungie Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Whitehall_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=South Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Saucon_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Saucon Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter,_Pennsylvania=Exeter, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehman_Township,_Luzerne_County,_Pennsylvania=Lehman Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming,_Pennsylvania=Wyoming, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Armstrong Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Brown Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycoming_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Lycoming Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Pennsylvania=Montgomery, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Lycoming_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Old Lycoming Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Watson Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford,_Pennsylvania=Bradford, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lackawannock_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=East Lackawannock Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Creek_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=French Creek Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findley_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Findley Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawannock_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Lackawannock Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Vernon_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=New Vernon Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uluru=Uluru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pymatuning_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Pymatuning Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Creek_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Sandy Creek Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Wilmington Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pymatuning_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=South Pymatuning Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Township,_Mifflin_County,_Pennsylvania=Brown Township, Mifflin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunkhannock_Township,_Monroe_County,_Pennsylvania=Tunkhannock Township, Monroe County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abington_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Abington Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Norriton_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=East Norriton Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Frederick_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Frederick Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Gwynedd_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Merion_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlborough_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Marlborough Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Pottsgrove_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Pottsgrove Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Salford_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salford_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towamencin_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Towamencin Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Frederick_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Frederick Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Gwynedd_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Merion_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Pottsgrove_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Pottsgrove Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Norriton_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=West Norriton Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Salford_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pottsgrove_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=West Pottsgrove Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Allen Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethlehem_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Bethlehem Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Allen_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=East Allen Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Mount_Bethel_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Mount Bethel Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Nazareth_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Nazareth Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saucon_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Saucon Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton,_Pennsylvania=Northampton, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Nazareth_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Nazareth Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Mount_Bethel_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Mount Bethel Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Cameron_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=East Cameron Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Williams Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Chillisquaque_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=East Chillisquaque Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Augusta_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Augusta Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cameron_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=West Cameron Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Chillisquaque_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=West Chillisquaque Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Augusta_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Augusta Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blain,_Pennsylvania=Blain, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Township,_Perry_County,_Pennsylvania=Miller Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatfield_Township,_Perry_County,_Pennsylvania=Wheatfield Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehman_Township,_Pike_County,_Pennsylvania=Lehman Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford_Township,_Pike_County,_Pennsylvania=Milford Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Pennsylvania=Milford, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Branch_Township,_Potter_County,_Pennsylvania=West Branch Township, Potter County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_Township,_Potter_County,_Pennsylvania=Wharton Township, Potter County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branch_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=Branch Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cressona,_Pennsylvania=Cressona, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Norwegian_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=East Norwegian Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Brunswick_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=East Brunswick Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=New Castle Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=Norwegian Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Brunswick_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=West Brunswick Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlecreek_Township,_Snyder_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlecreek Township, Snyder County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Turkeyfoot_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Turkeyfoot Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlecreek_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlecreek Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Northampton Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Turkeyfoot_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Turkeyfoot Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colley_Township,_Sullivan_County,_Pennsylvania=Colley Township, Sullivan County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Township,_Susquehanna_County,_Pennsylvania=Thompson Township, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Township,_Tioga_County,_Pennsylvania=Lawrence Township, Tioga County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville,_Pennsylvania=Roseville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchcreek_Township,_Venango_County,_Pennsylvania=Frenchcreek Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_City,_Pennsylvania=Oil City, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Township,_Venango_County,_Pennsylvania=Rockland Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouseville,_Pennsylvania=Rouseville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandycreek_Township,_Venango_County,_Pennsylvania=Sandycreek Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mead_Township,_Warren_County,_Pennsylvania=Mead Township, Warren County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Township,_Warren_County,_Pennsylvania=Watson Township, Warren County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaine_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Blaine Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Finley_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=East Finley Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Bethlehem_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=East Bethlehem Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Independence Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bethlehem_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=North Bethlehem Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Strabane_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=North Strabane Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Nottingham Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Robinson Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Finley_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=West Finley Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=Buckingham Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaan_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=Canaan Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=Lebanon Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Canaan_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=South Canaan Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Township,_Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=Cook Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewickley_Township,_Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=Sewickley Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Clair_Township,_Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=St. Clair Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Nicholson Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Branch_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=North Branch Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windham_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Windham Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunkhannock_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Tunkhannock Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codorus_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Codorus Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanceford_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Chanceford Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldsboro,_Pennsylvania=Goldsboro, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover,_Pennsylvania=Hanover, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Chanceford_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Chanceford Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Windsor_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Windsor Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Salem,_Pennsylvania=New Salem, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Codorus_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=North Codorus Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Warrington Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Windsor Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort,_South_Carolina=Beaufort, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kershaw,_South_Carolina=Kershaw, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_South_Dakota=Buffalo, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripp,_South_Dakota=Tripp, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellette,_South_Dakota=Mellette, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood_Lake,_Tennessee=Wildwood Lake, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hills,_Tennessee=Forest Hills, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer,_Tennessee=Dyer, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford,_Tennessee=Rutherford, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Tennessee=Jackson, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Tennessee=Decatur, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Tennessee=Benton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Tennessee=Franklin, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavalla,_Texas=Zavalla, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Oak,_Texas=Live Oak, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Texas=Caldwell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusk,_Texas=Rusk, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Texas=Parker, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ector,_Texas=Ector, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman,_Texas=Sherman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_Texas=Anderson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Texas=Marion, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton,_Texas=Lumberton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharr,_Texas=Pharr, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crockett,_Texas=Crockett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China,_Texas=China, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenedy,_Texas=Kenedy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell,_Texas=Terrell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth,_Texas=Earth, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardin,_Texas=Hardin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubbock,_Texas=Lubbock, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Texas=Wilson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Texas=Jefferson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron,_Texas=Cameron, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_City,_Texas=Colorado City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie,_Texas=Bowie, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Texas=Omaha, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Texas=Dawson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecos,_Texas=Pecos, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Texas=Franklin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Texas=Henderson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemphill,_Texas=Hemphill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler,_Texas=Tyler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Texas=Taylor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho-Ho-Kus,_New_Jersey=Ho-Ho-Kus, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Milford,_New_Jersey=New Milford, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden,_Utah=Garden, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine,_Utah=Alpine, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uintah,_Utah=Uintah, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex,_Vermont=Essex, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Vermont=Washington, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_Vermont=Greensboro, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittenden,_Vermont=Chittenden, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Vermont=Jacksonville, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Virginia=Greenville, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan,_Virginia=Buchanan, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Virginia=Clifton, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke,_Virginia=Pembroke, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_Virginia=Montrose, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Virginia=Hamilton, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbanna,_Virginia=Urbanna, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Virginia=Washington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland,_Washington=Highland, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Washington=Des Moines, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge_Island,_Washington=Bainbridge Island, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Washington=Centerville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skokomish,_Washington=Skokomish, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_View,_Washington=Bay View, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oso,_Washington=Oso, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_Point,_Washington=Smokey Point, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla,_Washington=Walla Walla, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield,_Washington=Garfield, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Fork,_West_Virginia=Coal Fork, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson,_West_Virginia=Williamson, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover,_West_Virginia=Westover, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gay,_West_Virginia=Fort Gay, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_West_Virginia=Williamstown, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Lake,_Wisconsin=Trade Lake, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Wisconsin=Portage, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Wisconsin=Taylor, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kewaunee,_Wisconsin=Kewaunee, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Valley,_Marathon_County,_Wisconsin=Green Valley, Marathon County, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Valley,_Shawano_County,_Wisconsin=Green Valley, Shawano County, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield,_Waushara_County,_Wisconsin=Deerfield, Waushara County, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigtown=Wigtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Walsham_&_Dilham_Canal=North Walsham & Dilham Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blickling_Hall=Blickling Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Island,_Isles_of_Scilly=English Island, Isles of Scilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavonia=Slavonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celle=Celle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan=Holland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater,_Minnesota=Clearwater, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Mississippi=Union, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt,_Missouri=Holt, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan,_Missouri=Sullivan, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Rancho,_New_Mexico=Rio Rancho, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlville,_New_York=Earlville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Ohio=Monroe, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Ohio=Union, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnelhill,_Pennsylvania=Tunnelhill, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellwood_City,_Pennsylvania=Ellwood City, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Charleston,_South_Carolina=North Charleston, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoakum,_Texas=Yoakum, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Texas=Mansfield, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burleson,_Texas=Burleson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Neots=St Neots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ives,_Cornwall=St Ives, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton,_Wakefield=Walton, Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield=Mirfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxenhope=Oxenhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltaire=Saltaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollington=Bollington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minster-in-Thanet=Minster-in-Thanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunenburg_County,_Nova_Scotia=Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duffel=Duffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorselaar=Vorselaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vosselaar=Vosselaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye,_Cambridgeshire=Eye, Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye,_Suffolk=Eye, Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwentwater=Derwentwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethnal_Green_tube_station=Bethnal Green tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Ogliastra=Province of Ogliastra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_International_Airport=Baghdad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Avenue=Madison Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerald_Park,_Saskatchewan=Emerald Park, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hells_Canyon=Hells Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guisborough=Guisborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Springs=Barton Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Reservoir_(Derbyshire)=Derwent Reservoir (Derbyshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weener=Weener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsway_Tunnel=Kingsway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worksop=Worksop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thane=Thane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall=Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalcis=Chalcis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Centre=Rogers Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham,_Surrey=Cobham, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genk=Genk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dour=Dour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhem=Dalhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Painted_Desert_(Arizona)=Painted Desert (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aremark=Aremark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand=Kristiansand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modum=Modum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitra=Hitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brantford=Brantford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_North_Yorkshire=Richmond, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermine_Street=Ermine Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunston=Braunston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumen_River=Tumen River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namib_Desert=Namib Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judenburg=Judenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagawa_Prefecture=Kagawa Prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesena=Cesena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Finance_Centre=International Finance Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jura_Mountains=Jura Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eifel=Eifel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attard=Attard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wokingham=Wokingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taba,_Egypt=Taba, Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germantown,_Virginia=Germantown, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_(Asia)=Red River (Asia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuneaton=Nuneaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabian_Desert=Arabian Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigno=Trigno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_National_Cemetery=Gettysburg National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varadero=Varadero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palembang=Palembang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumbini=Lumbini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_History_Library=Family History Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Rai_(city)=Chiang Rai (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton_Airport=Luton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wycombe=West Wycombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Clemente_Coliseum=Roberto Clemente Coliseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charing_Cross_railway_station=Charing Cross railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh=Chandigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle-under-Lyme=Newcastle-under-Lyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_National_Park=Great Basin National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_French_Empire=Second French Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavium=Scandinavium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullevi=Ullevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakoram=Karakoram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reigate=Reigate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakol=Karakol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin=Great Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Valley=Amber Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Territories=New Territories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Mai=Chiang Mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough,_Hampshire=Farnborough, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorlton-cum-Hardy=Chorlton-cum-Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarra_River=Yarra River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojave_Desert=Mojave Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fall_line=Fall line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_of_Tara=Hill of Tara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Patrick's_Cathedral_(Manhattan)=St. Patrick's Cathedral (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basin_and_Range_Province=Basin and Range Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panay=Panay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_River=Saskatchewan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korean_Peninsula=Korean Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McHenry=Fort McHenry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham_railway_station=Bellingham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somers_Town,_London=Somers Town, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Town_tube_station=Camden Town tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Palace=Summer Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogy=Bogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paignton=Paignton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenos_Aires_Province=Buenos Aires Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamford,_Connecticut=Stamford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Robinson Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Darby Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinicum_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Tinicum Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srirangapatna=Srirangapatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonawanda_(town),_New_York=Tonawanda (town), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herkimer_(village),_New_York=Herkimer (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_Orange_County,_New_York=Chester, Orange County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_(village),_New_York=Montgomery (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Hampton_(village),_New_York=East Hampton (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_(town),_Vermont=Westminster (town), Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washburn,_Wisconsin=Washburn, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette,_Wisconsin=Marquette, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheboygan,_Wisconsin=Sheboygan, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_du_Flambeau,_Wisconsin=Lac du Flambeau, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Sammamish=Lake Sammamish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_International_Airport=Orlando International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Italy,_Manhattan=Little Italy, Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London_Airport=East London Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safsaf=Safsaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airport=Brussels Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Sanford_International_Airport=Orlando Sanford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exmoor=Exmoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camano_Island=Camano Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotland=Gotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_Territorial_Prison=Yuma Territorial Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Cathedral=Southwark Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pablo,_Laguna=San Pablo, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renens=Renens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontevedra=Pontevedra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formosa_Province=Formosa Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zgorzelec=Zgorzelec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri=Capri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinzhou=Jinzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushkin,_Saint_Petersburg=Pushkin, Saint Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialist_Federal_Republic_of_Yugoslavia=Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_Desert=Black Rock Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Army_Plaza=Grand Army Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rub'_al_Khali=Rub' al Khali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station=Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maldon,_Essex=Maldon, Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepparton=Shepparton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoran_Desert=Sonoran Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attercliffe=Attercliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Neot,_Cornwall=St Neot, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basse-Terre=Basse-Terre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlefield=Castlefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolic_Palace=Apostolic Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggleswade=Biggleswade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Social_Republic=Italian Social Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Hill_Country=Texas Hill Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_Panhandle=Texas Panhandle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin_City=Benin City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liuyang=Liuyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealey_Plaza=Dealey Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_rivers_of_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=List of rivers of Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahara=Sahara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamagata,_Yamagata=Yamagata, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simcoe,_Ontario=Simcoe, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Emirate_of_Afghanistan=Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Taipei_City=New Taipei City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Congo=French Congo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westcombe_Park_railway_station=Westcombe Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Iberia=Kingdom of Iberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome=Pantheon, Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Mountains_(Arizona)=White Mountains (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan'an=Yan'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonbridge=Tonbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aylmer,_Ontario=Aylmer, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridgedale,_Saskatchewan=Ridgedale, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlea,_Saskatchewan=Carlea, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berghof_(residence)=Berghof (residence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kehlsteinhaus=Kehlsteinhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republika_Srpska=Republika Srpska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix,_Maryland=Phoenix, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvolen=Zvolen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eretria=Eretria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welwyn=Welwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tunbridge_Wells=Royal Tunbridge Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srirangam=Srirangam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_conurbation=West Midlands conurbation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(region)=West Midlands (region)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Hams=South Hams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N8_road_(Ireland)=N8 road (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miastko=Miastko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beaches=The Beaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibadan=Ibadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baillif=Baillif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kovalam=Kovalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetLife_Building=MetLife Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sackville,_New_Brunswick=Sackville, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_Desert=Great Basin Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford=Hertford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Park=AT&T Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llanelli=Llanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulhouse=Mulhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Castle=Hearst Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lena_River=Lena River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potters_Bar=Potters Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmarthen=Carmarthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsager=Alsager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwen=Darwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume_Dam=Hume Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilburn_tube_station=Kilburn tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal_Green_station=Kensal Green station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambourne=Cambourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Tite,_Quebec=Saint-Tite, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia=Prussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penistone=Penistone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_station=Farringdon station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisham_station=Lewisham station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbridge=Corbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clevedon=Clevedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James's_Park_tube_station=St. James's Park tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_Gate_railway_station=New Cross Gate railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_railway_station=New Cross railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halton_Hills=Halton Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedlington=Bedlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Stewart_Gardner_Museum=Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenborough=Queenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_Connecticut=Stratford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Ravensbourne=River Ravensbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Carmel=Mount Carmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwich=Northwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greystones=Greystones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary-le-Bow=St Mary-le-Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Waterloo_East_railway_station=London Waterloo East railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriskay=Eriskay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Targ=Nowy Targ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebinia=Trzebinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaworzno=Jaworzno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna_River=Susitna River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terespol=Terespol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zator=Zator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pabianice=Pabianice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zgierz=Zgierz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottenburg=Charlottenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyeongchang_County=Pyeongchang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gochang_County=Gochang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheridge=Asheridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narew=Narew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedExField=FedExField
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iligan=Iligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeged=Szeged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boarstall=Boarstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobbs_County,_North_Carolina=Dobbs County, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutland,_Massachusetts=Rutland, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyuan=Taiyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easington,_Buckinghamshire=Easington, Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestmannaeyjar=Vestmannaeyjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatay_Province=Hatay Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittoor=Chittoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katanning,_Western_Australia=Katanning, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inveraray=Inveraray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Park,_London,_Ontario=Victoria Park, London, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_Library=Queens Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chihuahuan_Desert=Chihuahuan Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haversham=Haversham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivinghoe=Ivinghoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_Goldington=Stoke Goldington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streatham_railway_station=Streatham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_Battlefield=Gettysburg Battlefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Baiyun_International_Airport_(former)=Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (former)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._1,_Subdivision_D,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 1, Subdivision D, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._1,_Subd._O,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 1, Subd. O, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._1,_Subd._M,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 1, Subd. M, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._1,_Subd._Y,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 1, Subd. Y, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold's_Cove=Arnold's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._7,_Subd._M,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 7, Subd. M, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallstatt=Hallstatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._7,_Subd._K,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 7, Subd. K, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._7,_Subd._E,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 7, Subd. E, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._7,_Subd._D,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 7, Subd. D, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._7,_Subd._N,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 7, Subd. N, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._6,_Subd._E,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 6, Subd. E, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._6,_Subd._D,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 6, Subd. D, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hambleton=Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Toronto=Metropolitan Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starogard_County=Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Arm=Norris Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._6,_Subd._C,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 6, Subd. C, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuchola=Tuchola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_District,_Manhattan=Financial District, Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaza_Province=Gaza Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Slave_Lake=Great Slave Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huambo_Province=Huambo Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huambo=Huambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertsmere=Hertsmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacorum=Dacorum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borough_of_Fylde=Borough of Fylde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Heath=Surrey Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Highway=Dalton Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingswood,_South_Gloucestershire=Kingswood, South Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riau_Islands_Province=Riau Islands Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vevey=Vevey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paktia_Province=Paktia Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paktika_Province=Paktika Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deccan_Plateau=Deccan Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Rother,_West_Sussex=River Rother, West Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borough_of_Berwick-upon-Tweed=Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise,_Michigan=Paradise, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Forest=Atlantic Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangell_Mountains=Wrangell Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiyang=Yiyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llano_Estacado=Llano Estacado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura_Freeway=Ventura Freeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Hill,_Surrey=Box Hill, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabal_al_Akhdar=Jabal al Akhdar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jufra_District=Jufra District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kufra_District=Kufra District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuqat_al_Khams=Nuqat al Khams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawiya_District=Zawiya District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derna_District=Derna District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murzuq_District=Murzuq District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabha_District=Sabha District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Navy_Yard=Washington Navy Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_River_(Michigan)=Rogue River (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigha=Gigha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canna,_Scotland=Canna, Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_Laguna=Santa Rosa, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rylands_Library=John Rylands Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundas,_Ontario=Dundas, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claybank,_Saskatchewan=Claybank, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shida_Kartli=Shida Kartli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskoka_Lakes=Muskoka Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irlam=Irlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Ronaldsay=South Ronaldsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burray=Burray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_District_of_Kootenay_Boundary=Regional District of Kootenay Boundary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provincetown_Harbor=Provincetown Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Slovenes,_Croats_and_Serbs=State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._Kennedy_Memorial_Stadium=Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minehead=Minehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handa,_Scotland=Handa, Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valenzuela,_Philippines=Valenzuela, Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldbury=Aldbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_Skerries=Out Skerries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykonos=Mykonos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrigley_Field_(Los_Angeles)=Wrigley Field (Los Angeles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratcliff=Ratcliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_State=Chin State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratanakiri_Province=Ratanakiri Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_of_India=Gateway of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_Southwark=St George's Cathedral, Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_State_Hospital_(California)=Metropolitan State Hospital (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_World_Financial_Center=Shanghai World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Balkhash=Lake Balkhash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pewsey=Pewsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscarshall=Oscarshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Massachusetts_Bay=Province of Massachusetts Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical/Market_Center_(TRE_station)=Medical/Market Center (TRE station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humber_River_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Humber River (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gare_de_Paris-Est=Gare de Paris-Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_London_Hospital=Royal London Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Chemistry=Royal Society of Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consett=Consett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Aquila=L'Aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Saint-Paul=Baie-Saint-Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Melbourne,_Victoria=Port Melbourne, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simcoe_County=Simcoe County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baffin_Bay=Baffin Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityLink=CityLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisumu=Kisumu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drohobych=Drohobych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ternopil=Ternopil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auskerry=Auskerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faray=Faray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fara,_Orkney=Fara, Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swona=Swona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroma,_Scotland=Stroma, Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeongui_Line=Gyeongui Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mweru_Wantipa=Lake Mweru Wantipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulli,_New_South_Wales=Bulli, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_metropolitan_area=Indianapolis metropolitan area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlain_Bridge,_Montreal=Champlain Bridge, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Island_(Russia)=Pioneer Island (Russia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_of_the_Yellowstone=Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_River_Group=Judith River Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bear_Lake=Big Bear Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diss=Diss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandray=Sandray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Center=United Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baddesley_Clinton=Baddesley Clinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferntree_Gully,_Victoria=Ferntree Gully, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palms,_Los_Angeles=Palms, Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Manchester_Stadium=City of Manchester Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscayne_Bay=Biscayne Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torres_Strait_Islands=Torres Strait Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Stockholm=Parliament House, Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Victoria=Mansfield, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Avenue_Subway=Second Avenue Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonneville_Salt_Flats=Bonneville Salt Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferryland=Ferryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Cross_Parkway=Wilbur Cross Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimethorpe=Grimethorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocks,_Sydney=The Rocks, Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Island=Elephant Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyon=Nyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Bar_Indian_Reserve_No._13=Cameron Bar Indian Reserve No. 13
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faringdon=Faringdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozrah=Bozrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainham,_Kent=Rainham, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangka_Island=Bangka Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Derby=West Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham,_Kent=Cobham, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Flats_Plant=Rocky Flats Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosslyn_Station=Rosslyn Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sligo=Sligo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Charleston=College of Charleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackall,_Queensland=Blackall, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denemarken=Denemarken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_Argentina=Santa Fe, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wast_Water=Wast Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Highway_(Australia)=Pacific Highway (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_Bay=Broken Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Burragorang=Lake Burragorang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingecarribee_River=Wingecarribee River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warragamba_Dam=Warragamba Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Burrendong=Lake Burrendong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wembley_Arena=Wembley Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederiksberg_Municipality=Frederiksberg Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kineton=Kineton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanark_Highlands,_Ontario=Lanark Highlands, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Grande_Valley=Rio Grande Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Museum=Brooklyn Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonabad=Gonabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Hudson_Street=30 Hudson Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes,_Bromley=Hayes, Bromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Western_Highway=Great Western Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goulburn_River_(New_South_Wales)=Goulburn River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga_Federal_District=Volga Federal District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'orea=Mo'orea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Albans,_Victoria=St Albans, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shetland_Islands=South Shetland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palencia=Palencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunatsiavut=Nunatsiavut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Texas=West Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsom_railway_station=Epsom railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Albert_railway_station=Mont Albert railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaman_Province=Karaman Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronki=Wronki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matunga_Road=Matunga Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottenberg=Charlottenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Ghraib=Abu Ghraib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waste_Isolation_Pilot_Plant=Waste Isolation Pilot Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Broadmoor=The Broadmoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbournbury_Mill=Redbournbury Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balata=Balata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetton-le-Hole=Hetton-le-Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chafford_Hundred=Chafford Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamengo,_Rio_de_Janeiro=Flamengo, Rio de Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusum_Kanguru=Kusum Kanguru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dent_Blanche=Dent Blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkhall=Larkhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenitra=Kenitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont,_Harrow=Belmont, Harrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mols=Mols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tuque,_Quebec=La Tuque, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Atholl=Blair Atholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenidjack_Valley=Kenidjack Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-de-Livaye=Notre-Dame-de-Livaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waihi=Waihi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uyea,_Unst=Uyea, Unst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Race_Course=Saratoga Race Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingjiang_Princes'_City=Jingjiang Princes' City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Norton=Kings Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neyland=Neyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Massive=Mount Massive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ent_AFB_Defense_Area=Ent AFB Defense Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantung_Leased_Territory=Kwantung Leased Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Island_Cove=Upper Island Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wroxeter=Wroxeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rocque=La Rocque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa/Ocoee_River=Toccoa/Ocoee River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac-Saint-Louis_(electoral_district)=Lac-Saint-Louis (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon,_Pennsylvania=Devon, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Kill=Beaver Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basque_Country_(greater_region)=Basque Country (greater region)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Station_Newport=Naval Station Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimes_Graves=Grimes Graves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cissbury=Cissbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandelier_National_Monument=Bandelier National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihoa=Nihoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kii_Peninsula=Kii Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Buenos_Aires=Greater Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham,_Pennsylvania=Cheltenham, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Sink=Carson Sink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadow_Valley_Wash=Meadow Valley Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrys_Fork_(Snake_River)=Henrys Fork (Snake River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLC_Centre=MLC Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadmeadows_railway_station,_Melbourne=Broadmeadows railway station, Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakenham=Fakenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_archipelago=Japanese archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Prince_Alfred_Hospital=Royal Prince Alfred Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooke=Sooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Park=Lincoln Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vannes=Vannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myall_Lakes=Myall Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Harbour=Middle Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Diocese_of_Washington=Episcopal Diocese of Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph_River_(Maumee_River)=St. Joseph River (Maumee River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph_River_(Lake_Michigan)=St. Joseph River (Lake Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Hampton_(town),_New_York=East Hampton (town), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staats_Island=Staats Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=Wall Street (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Avenue_(IRT_White_Plains_Road_Line)=Prospect Avenue (IRT White Plains Road Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelham_Parkway_(IRT_White_Plains_Road_Line)=Pelham Parkway (IRT White Plains Road Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giaginsky_District=Giaginsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploits_River=Exploits River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mevagissey=Mevagissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Julie,_Quebec=Sainte-Julie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal,_Kent=Deal, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dildo_Island=Dildo Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Hall=Aston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Lion_Island=Sea Lion Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Island=New Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorlton-on-Medlock=Chorlton-on-Medlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Stadium=Griffith Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Center=AT&T Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Arena=Rogers Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley,_Arizona=Sun Valley, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamodome=Alamodome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Stephenville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Street_(MBTA_station)=Park Street (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoal_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Shoal Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_River_(California)=Smith River (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaskanine_River=Klaskanine River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clatskanie_River=Clatskanie River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Island_Reef_National_Monument=Buck Island Reef National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Stadium=Alamo Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatyr-Dag=Chatyr-Dag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryukovo_District=Kryukovo District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harney_Basin=Harney Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carswell_crater=Carswell crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Bay_crater=Deep Bay crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbow_crater=Elbow crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gow_crater=Gow crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maple_Creek_crater=Maple Creek crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harringay_railway_station=Harringay railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viewfield_crater=Viewfield crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harringay_Green_Lanes_railway_station=Harringay Green Lanes railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandland=Sandland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choibalsan_(city)=Choibalsan (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhymney=Rhymney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume_Lake=Hume Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senj=Senj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipping_Ongar=Chipping Ongar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catford_railway_station=Catford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catford_Bridge_railway_station=Catford Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Road_railway_station=Camden Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Trail=Santa Fe Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadarzyn=Nadarzyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyczyn=Tyczyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyeri=Nyeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampstead_tube_station=Hampstead tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippstadt=Lippstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackmans_Bay,_Tasmania=Blackmans Bay, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/105_Mile_Post_Indian_Reserve_No._2=105 Mile Post Indian Reserve No. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_House_Office_Building=Cannon House Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodungallur=Kodungallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Park_railway_station=Manor Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porth_Hellick_Down=Porth Hellick Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathays=Cathays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_River_(Bendemeer)=Macdonald River (Bendemeer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisvane=Lisvane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strood=Strood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Central_Convention_Complex=Manchester Central Convention Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funahashi,_Toyama=Funahashi, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pednathise_Head=Pednathise Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siple_Island=Siple Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twickenham_Stadium=Twickenham Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurston_Island=Thurston Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Road=Mira Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengde=Chengde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monteverde=Monteverde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogrodzieniec=Ogrodzieniec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingzhou=Jingzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hambledon_Hill=Hambledon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storr=The Storr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglescliffe=Eaglescliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesum=Lesum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Region_(Cameroon)=South Region (Cameroon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Pontchartrain_Causeway=Lake Pontchartrain Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Drayton=West Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar=Bidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemian_Forest=Bohemian Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamston,_Rushcliffe=Gamston, Rushcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopparberg=Kopparberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnano=Legnano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Reservoir_(North_East_England)=Derwent Reservoir (North East England)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harehills=Harehills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_Park,_Leeds=Hyde Park, Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halton,_Leeds=Halton, Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Swale=River Swale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Aves=Isla Aves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Acre_Priory=Castle Acre Priory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River_(Horry_County,_South_Carolina)=Little River (Horry County, South Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Rail_(Hong_Kong)=Light Rail (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_on_the_Hill=Houghton on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwangju,_Gyeonggi=Gwangju, Gyeonggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Park=Harold Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayland=Nayland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarton=Hungarton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barachois_Pond_Provincial_Park=Barachois Pond Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi=Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parque_del_Retiro=Parque del Retiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holywood=Holywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleuthera=Eleuthera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangzhou=Yangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilava=Ilava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boothstown=Boothstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attingham_Park=Attingham Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icheon=Icheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeoju=Yeoju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongseong_County=Hongseong County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geochang_County=Geochang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aralkum=Aralkum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishaw=Wishaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxas,_Capiz=Roxas, Capiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulkley_River=Bulkley River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Bay_Bridge=Chesapeake Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batu_Pahat=Batu Pahat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Mine=Consolidated Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkee=Kilkee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oughterard=Oughterard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzemeszno=Trzemeszno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinj=Sinj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liscard=Liscard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lop_Desert=Lop Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haan=Haan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Chapelles=Les Chapelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soignolles=Soignolles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arborfield=Arborfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambourn=Lambourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammachi_Station=Tammachi Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratslav=Bratslav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnington_Castle=Donnington Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Peach_Orchard=The Peach Orchard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_Park,_Lewisham=Grove Park, Lewisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garibaldi_Volcanic_Belt=Garibaldi Volcanic Belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagnor=Bagnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Plains=South Plains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnov=Turnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsey_Windpump=Horsey Windpump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Grande_Ruins_National_Monument=Casa Grande Ruins National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capriolo=Capriolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqrah=Aqrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krosno_County=Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_(Potomac_River)=Rock Creek (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minster,_Swale=Minster, Swale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataract_Gorge=Cataract Gorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muranga_County=Muranga County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warka=Warka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirton=Chirton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skookumchuck,_British_Columbia=Skookumchuck, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_House=Ham House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buena_Vista,_Saskatchewan=Buena Vista, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittenberge=Wittenberge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odiham=Odiham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal,_Kent=Seal, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beit_Lahia=Beit Lahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterborne_Monkton=Winterborne Monkton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbourne_Park_tube_station=Westbourne Park tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stag_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Stag Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coombe,_Camborne=Coombe, Camborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coombe,_Liskeard=Coombe, Liskeard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coombe,_St_Austell=Coombe, St Austell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coombe,_Truro=Coombe, Truro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coombe,_Redruth=Coombe, Redruth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_(electoral_district)=St. Paul's (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfinity_Center_(College_Park,_Maryland)=Xfinity Center (College Park, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niton=Niton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dromore,_County_Tyrone=Dromore, County Tyrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_River_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Victoria River (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Tay=Loch Tay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Gap=Cumberland Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bannaventa=Bannaventa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirovohrad=Kirovohrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Point=The Devil's Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmaston,_Derby=Osmaston, Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_London_Line=West London Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurmaston=Thurmaston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_Gata=Sierra de Gata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belz=Belz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guise=Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_River=Grey River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callington,_Cornwall=Callington, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clock_Face,_St_Helens=Clock Face, St Helens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grose_Valley=Grose Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlake,_Los_Angeles=Westlake, Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimrod_Glacier=Nimrod Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Range=Miller Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirunelveli=Tirunelveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batan_Island=Batan Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assab=Assab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jotunheimen=Jotunheimen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horlick_Mountains=Horlick Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedy_Glacier=Reedy Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenhower_Range=Eisenhower Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Land=Graham Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Land=Palmer Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byram,_New_Jersey=Byram, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindabella_Range=Brindabella Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leverett_Glacier=Leverett Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapley_Mountains=Tapley Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_Glacier=Byrd Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivas_Province=Sivas Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morgan_(Mono_County,_California)=Mount Morgan (Mono County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Apollo=Hammersmith Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creed,_Cornwall=Creed, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewarthenick=Trewarthenick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feilding=Feilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Salt_Lake_Desert=Great Salt Lake Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Adolf_Church,_Liverpool=Gustav Adolf Church, Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muswellbrook,_New_South_Wales=Muswellbrook, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foggydog_Glacier=Foggydog Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blank_Peaks=Blank Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnesota_Glacier=Minnesota Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Mountains=Cook Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Darwin Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwin_Mountains=Darwin Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatherton_Glacier=Hatherton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_MRT_Station=City Hall MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boon_Lay_MRT_Station=Boon Lay MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changi_Airport_MRT_Station=Changi Airport MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasir_Ris_MRT_Station=Pasir Ris MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Bay_MRT_Station=Marina Bay MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James_Town=St. James Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orrell,_Greater_Manchester=Orrell, Greater Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nova_Bay=Terra Nova Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priestley_Glacier=Priestley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Land=Ellsworth Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Mountains=Jones Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Behrendt_Mountains=Behrendt Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrick_Mountains=Merrick Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeney_Mountains=Sweeney Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hauberg_Mountains=Hauberg Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scaife_Mountains=Scaife Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Capitan_(Texas)=El Capitan (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisgah_Crater=Pisgah Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_TV_Tower=Guangzhou TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbot_Ice_Shelf=Abbot Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chicagoland_Speedway=Chicagoland Speedway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Kea=Old Kea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wickham=West Wickham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravensthorpe,_Northamptonshire=Ravensthorpe, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Postal_Museum=National Postal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Route_40=Illinois Route 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_Mountain_State_Park=Black Rock Mountain State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollowell=Hollowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilsborough=Guilsborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James's_Square=St. James's Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fleece_Inn=The Fleece Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arabat_Spit=Arabat Spit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacalao=Bacalao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan's_Bridge=Trajan's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyveden_New_Bield=Lyveden New Bield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgravetown=Musgravetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausable_River_(Lake_Huron)=Ausable River (Lake Huron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough,_London=Farnborough, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purley_on_Thames=Purley on Thames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiden_an_der_March=Weiden an der March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lots_Road_Power_Station=Lots Road Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33rd_Street_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=33rd Street (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bopal=Bopal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogar=Vogar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longwood_Medical_Area_(MBTA_station)=Longwood Medical Area (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykines=Mykines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zug_Island=Zug Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Union_National_Monument=Fort Union National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowe_River=Crowe River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicasio,_California=Nicasio, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataram_(city)=Mataram (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Just_in_Penwith=St Just in Penwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_Desert=Gibson Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz,_Laguna=Santa Cruz, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penlee_Point,_Mousehole=Penlee Point, Mousehole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton-in-Furness=Dalton-in-Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina_River=Medina River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillingdon=Hillingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeim=Northeim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglinton_(TTC)=Eglinton (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayview_(TTC)=Bayview (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_(TTC)=Leslie (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufferin_(TTC)=Dufferin (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst_(TTC)=Bathurst (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_House=Lancaster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Donington=Castle Donington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldman_River=Oldman River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kintra=Kintra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trutnov=Trutnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjar,_Lebanon=Anjar, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainforth,_South_Yorkshire=Stainforth, South Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lake_(South_Australia)=Blue Lake (South Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefields=Bluefields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branscomb_Glacier=Branscomb Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimitz_Glacier=Nimitz Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastien_Range=Bastien Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dater_Glacier=Dater Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellen_Glacier=Ellen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Roots=Mount Roots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allardyce_Range=Allardyce Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Bay=Cumberland Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_Bay=St. Paul's Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskdale,_Cumbria=Eskdale, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Highway=Overseas Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anthony,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Anthony, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_Hafun=Ras Hafun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creighton,_Saskatchewan=Creighton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Melbourne=Mount Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_District_of_East_Kootenay=Regional District of East Kootenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_District_of_Central_Kootenay=Regional District of Central Kootenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riom=Riom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingswood,_Gloucestershire=Kingswood, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Highway_(Australia)=Lincoln Highway (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_District_of_Bulkley-Nechako=Regional District of Bulkley-Nechako
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Bridge,_South_Australia=Murray Bridge, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Perry's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Sherwood_No._159=Rural Municipality of Sherwood No. 159
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunung_Karang=Gunung Karang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troyan=Troyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egglescliffe=Egglescliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggleston=Eggleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruckner_Expressway=Bruckner Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludworth,_County_Durham=Ludworth, County Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koettlitz_Glacier=Koettlitz Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrar_Glacier=Ferrar Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aia=Aia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort,_Free_State=Frankfort, Free State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballymena=Ballymena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Confederacy=Museum of the Confederacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemaida=Ptolemaida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Placentia_Bay=Placentia Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marangaroo,_Western_Australia=Marangaroo, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglican_Diocese_of_Southwark=Anglican Diocese of Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Sound=Peacock Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohler_Range=Kohler Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohler_Glacier=Kohler Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dotson_Ice_Shelf=Dotson Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Glacier=Smith Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Peninsula=Bear Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Peninsula=Martin Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Getz_Ice_Shelf=Getz Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crary_Mountains=Crary Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie=Brasserie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilagan=Ilagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallions_Reach_DLR_station=Gallions Reach DLR station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line=IRT Lexington Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasty_Pudding_Club=Hasty Pudding Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmelade=Marmelade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_River_State_Park=White River State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Tacubaya=Metro Tacubaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Tacuba=Metro Tacuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toowong=Toowong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Looe=River Looe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigton=Wigton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercier,_Quebec=Mercier, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gauss=Mount Gauss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penryn,_Cornwall=Penryn, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Union_Center=Times Union Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loftus,_North_Yorkshire=Loftus, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Stevens_(Oregon)=Fort Stevens (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IND_Sixth_Avenue_Line=IND Sixth Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankya=Bankya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vakh_River=Vakh River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway,_Glasgow=Halfway, Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Mariposa_No._350=Rural Municipality of Mariposa No. 350
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngee_Ann_City=Ngee Ann City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embu,_Kenya=Embu, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittur=Chittur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Albans_Park,_Victoria=St Albans Park, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Bridge=Theodore Roosevelt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jalpaiguri_railway_station=New Jalpaiguri railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Fisher=Fort Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Macdonald=Mount Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_San_Antonio_Abad=Metro San Antonio Abad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cangzhou=Cangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beroun=Beroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamu=Lamu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Annunciation=Cathedral of the Annunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Bella,_British_Columbia=Bella Bella, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dromore,_County_Down=Dromore, County Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flattop_Mountain_(Anchorage,_Alaska)=Flattop Mountain (Anchorage, Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tule_Lake_Unit,_World_War_II_Valor_in_the_Pacific_National_Monument=Tule Lake Unit, World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brampton,_Carlisle=Brampton, Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Dyre_Avenue_Line=IRT Dyre Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross-Harbour_Tunnel=Cross-Harbour Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterwick,_Lincolnshire=Butterwick, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardowick=Bardowick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_San_Jose=Downtown San Jose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_Subglacial_Trench=Bentley Subglacial Trench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Subway=Market Street Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_railway_station=Hayes railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basque,_British_Columbia=Basque, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_581=Interstate 581
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Johns_railway_station=St Johns railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mons_Hadley=Mons Hadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley,_West_Midlands=Bradley, West Midlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad,_Washington,_D.C.=Trinidad, Washington, D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleden,_British_Columbia=Kaleden, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazipur=Ghazipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookhall=Crookhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racquet_and_Tennis_Club=Racquet and Tennis Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaolack=Kaolack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson_Bay=Ferguson Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skudai_Highway=Skudai Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westhorp=Westhorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumbrian_Coast_Line=Cumbrian Coast Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Centre=Kingdom Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zibo=Zibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edenburg,_Saskatchewan=Edenburg, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarvisio=Tarvisio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mdina=Mdina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaghara=Ghaghara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prehn_Peninsula=Prehn Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninety_Mile_Beach,_Victoria=Ninety Mile Beach, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Albert_Mountains=Prince Albert Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carshalton_railway_station=Carshalton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waddon_railway_station=Waddon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont_railway_station_(Sutton)=Belmont railway station (Sutton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattapan=Mattapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Anchorage=Port of Anchorage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazaribagh=Hazaribagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huney=Huney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie_Airport=Sault Ste. Marie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guadalupe_Mountains=Guadalupe Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wordie_Ice_Shelf=Wordie Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_Mountains=Haines Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond_Glacier=Hammond Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republica_metro_station=Republica metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethnal_Green_railway_station=Bethnal Green railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlecote_Park=Charlecote Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_railway_station=Liverpool railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clubworthy=Clubworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asgarby,_Sleaford=Asgarby, Sleaford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asgarby,_Spilsby=Asgarby, Spilsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_&_Harlington_railway_station=Hayes & Harlington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester_Park_railway_station=Worcester Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeple_Aston=Steeple Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wertheim_am_Main=Wertheim am Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenny_Drayton=Fenny Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniels_Range=Daniels Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_River=Michigan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnet=Dunnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Margarets_(London)_railway_station=St Margarets (London) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitton_railway_station=Whitton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford_railway_station=Brentford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitlis_Province=Bitlis Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Bridge_Bus_Station=George Washington Bridge Bus Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burneside_railway_station=Burneside railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staveley_railway_station=Staveley railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxenholme=Oxenholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal_Rise_railway_station=Kensal Rise railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roose_railway_station=Roose railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heeley=Heeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcupine_Mountains=Porcupine Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Peter,_Guernsey=Saint Peter, Guernsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaue_Rice_Terraces=Banaue Rice Terraces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_Stadium=Bush Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvesen_Range=Salvesen Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box,_Wiltshire=Box, Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maer,_Cornwall=Maer, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillingham_(Kent)_railway_station=Gillingham (Kent) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pissing_Mare_Falls=Pissing Mare Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Divide_Basin=Great Divide Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestbury,_Gloucestershire=Prestbury, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Yat_Sen_Nanyang_Memorial_Hall=Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Center=XL Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Field_(British_Columbia)=Mount Field (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Field_Municipal_Airport=Brown Field Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurcaston=Thurcaston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedham_(Norfolk)_railway_station=Reedham (Norfolk) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Ride=Batman: The Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Cumberland=Lake Cumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon_Centre=Saskatoon Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Margarets_(Hertfordshire)_railway_station=St Margarets (Hertfordshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford_East_railway_station=Hertford East railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panvel=Panvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheadle,_Greater_Manchester=Cheadle, Greater Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Autoroute_5=Quebec Autoroute 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Louise_State_Park=Lake Louise State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinggan_League=Hinggan League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moanda=Moanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timsbury,_Hampshire=Timsbury, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khovd_(city)=Khovd (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Creek_Generating_Station=Wolf Creek Generating Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Life_Insurance_Company_Tower=Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harworth=Harworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spata=Spata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changzhou=Changzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voghera=Voghera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiandao_Lake=Qiandao Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randalls_and_Wards_Islands=Randalls and Wards Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Mountains=Virginia Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheberghan=Sheberghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Route_132=Quebec Route 132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Central=Surrey Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapuas_River=Kapuas River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Crossing_Historic_Park=Washington Crossing Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Autoroute_10=Quebec Autoroute 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buxton,_Norfolk=Buxton, Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ya'an=Ya'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Derbyshire)_railway_station=Hope (Derbyshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andora=Andora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartan_Stadium_(East_Lansing,_Michigan)=Spartan Stadium (East Lansing, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Junction_Railroad_and_Depot_Company=Grand Junction Railroad and Depot Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longdowns=Longdowns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walhalla,_Victoria=Walhalla, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Insurance_Arena=Cross Insurance Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirk_Castle=Chirk Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wa_State=Wa State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronay=Ronay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cara_Island=Cara Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Mountains=Wilson Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Du_Toit_Mountains=Du Toit Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arram=Arram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Park_Stadium=Centennial Park Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottaway_River=Nottaway River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moszna,_Opole_Voivodeship=Moszna, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakuru=Nakuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marienfelde=Marienfelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holman_Stadium_(Vero_Beach)=Holman Stadium (Vero Beach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holman_Stadium_(Nashua)=Holman Stadium (Nashua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuttanad=Kuttanad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Wireless_Center=Verizon Wireless Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough,_Berkshire=Farnborough, Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altay_City=Altay City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverton_railway_station=Wolverton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_St._Andrew_and_St._Paul=Church of St. Andrew and St. Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Robinson_Ballpark=Jackie Robinson Ballpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_Penitentiary=Washington State Penitentiary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilifi=Kilifi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheadle,_Staffordshire=Cheadle, Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runyang_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Runyang Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_West_(Metro-North_station)=Mount Vernon West (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_Cross=Waltham Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Columb_Road=St Columb Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Field=AT&T Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germanton,_North_Carolina=Germanton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballintubber=Ballintubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Doon,_Edmonton=Bonnie Doon, Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butuan=Butuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Llynfi=River Llynfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournemouth_railway_station=Bournemouth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephanta_Island=Elephanta Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berrima_Correctional_Centre=Berrima Correctional Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Stadion=Deutsches Stadion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_Region=Ashanti Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfaffenhoffen=Pfaffenhoffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corridor_D=Corridor D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cod_Central_Railroad=Cape Cod Central Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlington_railway_station=Harlington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Place=Canada Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedley,_British_Columbia=Hedley, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakuru_County=Nakuru County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_Cove_Provincial_Park=Chance Cove Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacketstown=Hacketstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badain_Jaran_Desert=Badain Jaran Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psie_Pole=Psie Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_River_(Florida)=Indian River (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_Scream_Machine_(Six_Flags_Great_Adventure)=Great American Scream Machine (Six Flags Great Adventure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_California=Central California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrer_Park_MRT_Station=Farrer Park MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aransas_National_Wildlife_Refuge=Aransas National Wildlife Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Road=Bloomfield Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardrahan=Ardrahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzhou,_Jiangxi=Fuzhou, Jiangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Blue_Mountains=City of Blue Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrington,_Nova_Scotia=Barrington, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindenwold_(NJT_station)=Lindenwold (NJT station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballintober,_County_Roscommon=Ballintober, County Roscommon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palimbang,_Sultan_Kudarat=Palimbang, Sultan Kudarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Tomas,_La_Union=Santo Tomas, La Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busch_Stadium=Busch Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittorgarh=Chittorgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southway=Southway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreray,_North_Uist=Boreray, North Uist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly's_Island=Kelly's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inchkeith=Inchkeith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_Park=Shivaji Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldsithney=Goldsithney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feniton_railway_station=Feniton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton,_Guildford=Compton, Guildford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrendong_Dam=Burrendong Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_Roxas,_Capiz=President Roxas, Capiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapian=Sapian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collooney=Collooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolaney=Coolaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorteen=Gorteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lochinver=Lochinver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Perlican=Old Perlican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flood_Range=Flood Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ames_Range=Ames Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salton_Sink=Salton Sink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Escoumins,_Quebec=Les Escoumins, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebi=Hebi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subic,_Zambales=Subic, Zambales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saints'_Way=Saints' Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_86,_Saskatchewan=Gordon 86, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station_(Chicago_terminal)=Central Station (Chicago terminal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trepassey=Trepassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Protector_Shoal=Protector Shoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Union_Station_(Massachusetts)=Springfield Union Station (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vihiga=Vihiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_River_(Shoalhaven)=Kangaroo River (Shoalhaven)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiori=Maiori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Buckland,_Devon=West Buckland, Devon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerrado=Cerrado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel's_Cove=Daniel's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Low Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzeg_Dolny=Brzeg Dolny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrillo_National_Monument=Cabrillo National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Municipal_Airport=Alliance Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjelasnica=Bjelasnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nynehead=Nynehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Buckland=West Buckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham_Back_to_Backs=Birmingham Back to Backs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiya_(town)=Tiya (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibeho=Kibeho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxas,_Palawan=Roxas, Palawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bouchout_Castle=Bouchout Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewellard=Trewellard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Smoky_Mountains_Parkway=Great Smoky Mountains Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butter_Point=Butter Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podolin=Podolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lienz=Lienz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carvery=Carvery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_State_Route_24=Tennessee State Route 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Atoll=Rose Atoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melba_Line=Melba Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Valley=Saskatchewan Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_River_Forks=Saskatchewan River Forks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Placentia_Sound=Little Placentia Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todpool=Todpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rydzyna=Rydzyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend,_Saskatchewan=Southend, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swifts_Creek=Swifts Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conestoga_River=Conestoga River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulzburg=Sulzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Stratford_City=Westfield Stratford City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_de_Verde_Peninsula=Bay de Verde Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Valley=Columbia Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Sandy_Desert=Little Sandy Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longford,_Market_Drayton=Longford, Market Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand_Airport,_Kjevik=Kristiansand Airport, Kjevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshikango=Oshikango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_1A=U.S. Route 1A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Readymoney_Cove=Readymoney Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayamo=Bayamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenhower_Executive_Office_Building=Eisenhower Executive Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstEnergy_Stadium_(Reading,_Pennsylvania)=FirstEnergy Stadium (Reading, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstEnergy_Park=FirstEnergy Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield,_Gloucestershire=Marshfield, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Cove_Pike=Stony Cove Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakes_of_the_Clouds=Lakes of the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutchess_Stadium=Dutchess Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Creek_Dam=Wolf Creek Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fivehead=Fivehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Samish=Lake Samish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Lake_(British_Columbia)=Wood Lake (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amykles=Amykles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_College=Miles College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjong_Pagar_MRT_Station=Tanjong Pagar MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayle_Kimbro_Pool=Hayle Kimbro Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Britain_Monument,_London=Battle of Britain Monument, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambergate=Ambergate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llewellyn_Park=Llewellyn Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Victoria, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twickenham_Stoop=Twickenham Stoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balqa_Governorate=Balqa Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenspond=Greenspond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Christine,_Quebec=Sainte-Christine, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Liberal_Club=National Liberal Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Science_Center=California Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoni=Adoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortlandt_Manor,_New_York=Cortlandt Manor, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutheran_Theological_Seminary_at_Gettysburg=Lutheran Theological Seminary at Gettysburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armenian_Highlands=Armenian Highlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Park,_Bexley=Albany Park, Bexley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vierzon=Vierzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petnjica=Petnjica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingleton,_North_Yorkshire=Ingleton, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirton,_Lincolnshire=Kirton, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brisons=Brisons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Plains_(United_States)=High Plains (United States)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_57=Pier 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongsan_River=Yeongsan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_8=Texas State Highway 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Job's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Job's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branton,_Northumberland=Branton, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_Northumberland=Brandon, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald_Knob=Bald Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Burnt Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_River_Canyon_(Wyoming)=Snake River Canyon (Wyoming)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme-on-Spalding-Moor=Holme-on-Spalding-Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Laurent,_Quebec=Saint-Laurent, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Guinea=Nueva Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danapur=Danapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldborough,_North_Yorkshire=Aldborough, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/145th_Street_(IRT_Lenox_Avenue_Line)=145th Street (IRT Lenox Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt_Memorial_Bridge=Butt Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mubarakpur=Mubarakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendurgan_Garden=Glendurgan Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisii,_Kenya=Kisii, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandwa_(community_development_block)=Chandwa (community development block)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikast=Ikast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutan=Bhutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bake_Fishing_Lakes=Bake Fishing Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penlee_Point,_Rame=Penlee Point, Rame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latamber=Latamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pill,_Somerset=Pill, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft_Bridge=Taft Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldon,_Northamptonshire=Weldon, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatrock_River=Flatrock River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kernick=Kernick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cactus_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Cactus Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanami_Desert=Tanami Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Blue_Mountains_Area=Greater Blue Mountains Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Hospital=Henry Ford Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Fork_River=West Fork River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Tree=Great Tree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radyr_railway_station=Radyr railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmer,_British_Columbia=Wilmer, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Arm=North West Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitchurch_(Hants)_railway_station=Whitchurch (Hants) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patna_Museum=Patna Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawaharlal_Nehru_Stadium_(Delhi)=Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Delhi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botany_Bay=Botany Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Diocese_of_Banja_Luka=Roman Catholic Diocese of Banja Luka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denare_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Denare Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uley=Uley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonavista_Bay=Bonavista Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Trinity Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordu=Ordu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muckleburgh_Collection=Muckleburgh Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossmyloof=Crossmyloof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_(SEPTA_station)=Wayne (SEPTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sent=Sent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Region_of_Denmark=Capital Region of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro_Airport=Faro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigolet=Rigolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Keyne=St Keyne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gortin=Gortin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrack_Gladden=Carrack Gladden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayle_Estuary_and_Carrack_Gladden_SSSI=Hayle Estuary and Carrack Gladden SSSI
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paterson_River=Paterson River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Shinjuku_Line=Toei Shinjuku Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Lake_Indian_Reserve_No._1=Williams Lake Indian Reserve No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zedlitz=Zedlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastrington=Eastrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Escape=Superman Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Constable=Burton Constable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlington_(Lancashire)_railway_station=Adlington (Lancashire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Cornwall=Newport, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerfield=Westerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renan,_Switzerland=Renan, Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafraq_Governorate=Mafraq Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Desert_Zoo_and_Gardens_State_Park=Living Desert Zoo and Gardens State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millers_Point,_New_South_Wales=Millers Point, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Serbia=Kingdom of Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Lakes,_Western_Australia=Champion Lakes, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turckheim=Turckheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meols_Cop_railway_station=Meols Cop railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riograndense_Republic=Riograndense Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_Rocks=Hanging Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busia_County=Busia County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapeltown_railway_station=Chapeltown railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2_road_(Northern_Ireland)=A2 road (Northern Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amasra=Amasra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolsk=Dolsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canora,_Saskatchewan=Canora, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodfords,_California=Woodfords, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_of_Athabasca=District of Athabasca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aa,_Estonia=Aa, Estonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adderstone=Adderstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_183=Texas State Highway 183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_Loop_12=Texas State Highway Loop 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipsburg_Manor_House=Philipsburg Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zantman's_Rock=Zantman's Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gymea_Bay,_New_South_Wales=Gymea Bay, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srebrenik=Srebrenik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bieszczady_Mountains=Bieszczady Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priest_Cove=Priest Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnham_railway_station=Barnham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dan_River=Dan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontchartrain_Expressway=Pontchartrain Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_railway_station=Ford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniesland=Anniesland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennistoun=Dennistoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sighthill,_Glasgow=Sighthill, Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_railway_station=Woodhouse railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentland,_Maryland=Kentland, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feckenham=Feckenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kippen=Kippen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheatham_Annex=Cheatham Annex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Point_Park=Eagle Point Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twatt,_Shetland=Twatt, Shetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badulla=Badulla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hope_Simpson=Port Hope Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassy=Wassy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_City,_Kansas=Rock City, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Island=Sabrina Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_code_246=Area code 246
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Revere_House=Paul Revere House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_End,_Barnet=Church End, Barnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakouma_National_Park=Zakouma National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loon_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Loon Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Stromlo=Mount Stromlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Camp_State_Park=China Camp State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanar,_California=Manzanar, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lussier_Hot_Springs=Lussier Hot Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Island=Robertson Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rydberg_Peninsula=Rydberg Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttress_Nunataks=Buttress Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward_Mountains_(Antarctica)=Seward Mountains (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drom=Drom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrer_Road_MRT_Station=Farrer Road MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraddon=Fraddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dailey_Islands=Dailey Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkhill=Larkhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMurdo_Ice_Shelf=McMurdo Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Darnley_(South_Georgia)=Cape Darnley (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binbrook=Binbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lancashire_Railway=West Lancashire Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hood_Railroad=Mount Hood Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasmere,_British_Columbia=Grasmere, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xanadu_Hills=Xanadu Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alph_River=Alph River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton,_Cambridgeshire=Upton, Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diddington=Diddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heversham=Heversham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mawson_Peninsula=Mawson Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fosdick_Mountains=Fosdick Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleeve_Hill=Cleeve Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford_North_railway_station=Hertford North railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Ranges=Ford Ranges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakul_(China)=Karakul (China)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Peak_(Antarctica)=King Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ulmer=Mount Ulmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skytrain_Ice_Rise=Skytrain Ice Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Ice_Stream=Evans Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orville_Coast=Orville Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowman_Peninsula=Bowman Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_Inlet=Gardner Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Adams=Cape Adams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Becker=Mount Becker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rex=Mount Rex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vang=Mount Vang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchum_Glacier=Ketchum Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Brooks=Cape Brooks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemp_Peninsula=Kemp Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine_Glacier=Irvine Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fiske=Cape Fiske
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Coast=Black Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Knowles=Cape Knowles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odom_Inlet=Odom Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merz_Peninsula=Merz Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steele_Island=Steele Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ewing_Island=Ewing Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolleman_Island=Dolleman Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkins_Coast=Wilkins Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rothschild_Island=Rothschild Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer_Plateau=Dyer Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ward_(Antarctica)=Mount Ward (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Coast=English Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tuve=Mount Tuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontedera=Pontedera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartar_(city)=Tartar (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Mountains=Walker Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eights_Coast=Eights Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Flying_Fish=Cape Flying Fish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Peninsula=King Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgreen_Coast=Walgreen Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canisteo_Peninsula=Canisteo Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollick-Kenyon_Plateau=Hollick-Kenyon Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Woollard=Mount Woollard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inaccessible_Islands=Inaccessible Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Leahy=Cape Leahy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakutis_Coast=Bakutis Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbs_Coast=Hobbs Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrigley_Gulf=Wrigley Gulf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crevasse_Valley_Glacier=Crevasse Valley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cruzen_Island=Cruzen Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruppert_Coast=Ruppert Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driscoll_Island=Driscoll Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Mountains=Clark Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman_Island=Newman Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackay_Mountains=Mackay Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steventon_Island=Steventon Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders_Coast=Saunders Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockefeller_Plateau=Rockefeller Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Schmid=Mount Schmid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Segers=Mount Segers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Greek_Theatre=Hearst Greek Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treyarnon=Treyarnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlyn=Harlyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rieti=Rieti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Rock=Tower Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor,_Cornwall=Windsor, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianmen=Tianmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boscaswell=Boscaswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_St._Josaphat=Basilica of St. Josaphat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botallack_Mine=Botallack Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_River_(Victoria)=Bass River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rocks,_South_Georgia=Black Rocks, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaggar-Hakra_River=Ghaggar-Hakra River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendicino=Mendicino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberfeldy,_Victoria=Aberfeldy, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panamint_City,_California=Panamint City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisby,_South_Kesteven=Aisby, South Kesteven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Albert_Railway_Station=Mount Albert Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlane_Railway_Station=Greenlane Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aislaby,_Scarborough=Aislaby, Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aislaby,_Ryedale=Aislaby, Ryedale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samseong_Station=Samseong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ttukseom_Station=Ttukseom Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felbrigg_Hall=Felbrigg Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Stanley_Airport=Port Stanley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaimalai=Anaimalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Douglas_(Antarctica)=Mount Douglas (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_5=Ontario Highway 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altenstein=Altenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_Church,_Handsworth=St Mary's Church, Handsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Poplar,_Saskatchewan=West Poplar, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Bay_Sands=Northern Bay Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clowne=Clowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhiwbina_railway_station=Rhiwbina railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay,_West_Virginia=Gay, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_West_Virginia=Jacksonville, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westsyde,_Kamloops=Westsyde, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cornwell_(Antarctica)=Mount Cornwell (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzymin=Radzymin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boughton,_Cheshire=Boughton, Cheshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoole=Hoole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangyang=Xiangyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fournoi_Korseon=Fournoi Korseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Hands=Cross Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Porte_Crayon=Mount Porte Crayon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearse_Park_(Longford)=Pearse Park (Longford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincheon_Station=Sincheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Manchester_Built-up_Area=Greater Manchester Built-up Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorenzuola_d'Arda=Fiorenzuola d'Arda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Expressway=Riverside Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirpon,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Quirpon, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golubac=Golubac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paro_Airport=Paro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuttletown,_California=Tuttletown, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyle_railway_station=Pyle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_Lifeboat_Station=St Mary's Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creake_Abbey=Creake Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanhope_Airport=Stanhope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rose_oil_field=White Rose oil field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_Our_Lady_of_the_Assumption,_Port-au-Prince=Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Port-au-Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyllyngvase=Gyllyngvase
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biecz=Biecz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_Volcano=Hayes Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Owen_(Antarctica)=Mount Owen (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen,_Kamloops=Aberdeen, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praa_Sands=Praa Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Life_Building,_Montreal=Canada Life Building, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Island=North West Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Diocese_of_Los_Angeles=Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coughton_Court=Coughton Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmill_Islands=Windmill Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_United_Church_(Scarborough)=Knox United Church (Scarborough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Blackburn_(Antarctica)=Mount Blackburn (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Blackwelder=Mount Blackwelder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polladras=Polladras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commentry=Commentry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillingham=Tillingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus,_London=Cyprus, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harstad/Narvik_Airport,_Evenes=Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helford_Passage=Helford Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnyorth=Carnyorth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machakos=Machakos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummuir=Drummuir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Ash,_Surrey=River Ash, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonaparte_River=Bonaparte River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Chilcotin=Fort Chilcotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberston=Humberston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_Hill=Pyramid Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapperton_Railway_Tunnel=Sapperton Railway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_House=East India House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kersley,_British_Columbia=Kersley, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Ashton=Cold Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphett_Vale,_South_Australia=Morphett Vale, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxburgh_Hall=Oxburgh Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welburn,_Kirkbymoorside=Welburn, Kirkbymoorside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welburn_(Amotherby_Ward)=Welburn (Amotherby Ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laax=Laax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Street_railway_station=Buchanan Street railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shere=Shere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yalakom_River=Yalakom River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aylesby=Aylesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partington=Partington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai_Lam_Tunnel=Tai Lam Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busia,_Kenya=Busia, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Bazar=English Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terzaghi_Dam=Terzaghi Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albury,_Hertfordshire=Albury, Hertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldbrough_St_John=Aldbrough St John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tankwa_Karoo_National_Park=Tankwa Karoo National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_LeMasurier=Mount LeMasurier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarev_Mountains=Lazarev Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Levack=Mount Levack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rame_Peninsula=Rame Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apethorpe=Apethorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Austin_(Antarctica)=Mount Austin (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Avers=Mount Avers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doxey=Doxey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langham_Place_(Hong_Kong)=Langham Place (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Tower,_Shanghai=Bank of China Tower, Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spruce_Pine_Mining_District=Spruce Pine Mining District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abergele_and_Pensarn_railway_station=Abergele and Pensarn railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Styx_Valley=Styx Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Limerick,_Saskatchewan=Limerick, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cot_Valley=Cot Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portas=Portas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BankUnited_Center=BankUnited Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Butterwick=West Butterwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochdale_railway_station=Rochdale railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowbrook/Rosa_Parks_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Willowbrook/Rosa Parks (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astley_Village=Astley Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamata=Stamata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awre=Awre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenewan=Trenewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples,_Long_Beach=Naples, Long Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Fortress_(Antarctica)=The Fortress (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_Golding=Stoke Golding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Wenn=St Wenn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Teath=St Teath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Islands_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Horse Islands (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barden,_Richmondshire=Barden, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barden,_Craven=Barden, Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmby_on_the_Marsh=Barmby on the Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmby_Moor=Barmby Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnardiston=Barnardiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_House,_Warwickshire=Upton House, Warwickshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphettville,_South_Australia=Morphettville, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Loweth=Mount Loweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seacliff_Park,_South_Australia=Seacliff Park, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley,_Suffolk=Bentley, Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolarum=Bolarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_of_the_Fraser=Grand Canyon of the Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Municipal_Borough_of_St_Austell_with_Fowey=Municipal Borough of St Austell with Fowey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmar=Kashmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zable_Stadium=Zable Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles,_Louisiana=Versailles, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Martin_(Antarctica)=Mount Martin (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appley_Bridge=Appley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thimble_Tickle_Bay=Thimble Tickle Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Penwith_Rural_District=West Penwith Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Peak,_South_Georgia=Stanley Peak, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coopers_Town=Coopers Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blofield=Blofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_River_Indian_Reservation=Cheyenne River Indian Reservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabo_Corrientes=Cabo Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton,_Cumbria=Bolton, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Kootenay_North=East Kootenay North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Kootenay_South=East Kootenay South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_Rock=Wave Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappell_Hill,_Texas=Chappell Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughton,_Craven=Broughton, Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughton,_Ryedale=Broughton, Ryedale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulhausen,_Bas-Rhin=Mulhausen, Bas-Rhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton,_Rothwell=Carlton, Rothwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stackpole_Estate=Stackpole Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Tower_(San_Francisco)=Columbus Tower (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigus=Brigus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobstow=Jacobstow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amargosa_Desert=Amargosa Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dease_River=Dease River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_Mountains_(California)=Sacramento Mountains (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrapur=Chandrapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Packwood_House=Packwood House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_City_Hall=Cape Town City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trowell=Trowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar_district=Bidar district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Washington,_Virginia=Little Washington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kericho_County=Kericho County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bungoma_County=Bungoma County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakamega_County=Kakamega County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisumu_County=Kisumu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mombasa_County=Mombasa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamu_County=Lamu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Manacles=The Manacles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Glacier=Foster Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiths_Stadium=Griffiths Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cregneash=Cregneash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homa_Bay=Homa Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Street_Bridges=11th Street Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Tremblant,_Quebec=Mont-Tremblant, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durg=Durg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-des-Anges,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-des-Anges, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ive=St Ive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Clether=St Clether
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Bay=Constantine Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfinity_Center_(Mansfield,_Massachusetts)=Xfinity Center (Mansfield, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Lancashire=Middleton, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winteringham=Winteringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osgodby,_Selby=Osgodby, Selby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Park_railway_station=Edinburgh Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Mere=Martin Mere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivek_Nagar=Vivek Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highcliffe=Highcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunston_Hall=Gunston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Grimstead=East Grimstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naina_Devi=Naina Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lancashire_Line=East Lancashire Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallapally=Mallapally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague-du-Cap-Tourmente=Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague-du-Cap-Tourmente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damai_LRT_Station,_Singapore=Damai LRT Station, Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welham_Green=Welham Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalante_Desert=Escalante Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoke_Creek_Desert=Smoke Creek Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eholt=Eholt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colly_Township,_North_Carolina=Colly Township, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huby,_Hambleton=Huby, Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seghy_Island=Seghy Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cripp's_Cove=Cripp's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easby,_Hambleton=Easby, Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Rocks=Virgin Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barr,_Ayrshire=Barr, Ayrshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covelli_Centre=Covelli Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Craik_No._222=Rural Municipality of Craik No. 222
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_River_(Victoria)=Broken River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Acheul=Saint-Acheul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_and_City_Duma=City Hall and City Duma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Island_(Coral_Sea)=Willis Island (Coral Sea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Butte_des_Morts=Lake Butte des Morts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadakkencherry=Vadakkencherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knarvik=Knarvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calow=Calow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Faisal_Town=Shah Faisal Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Island_(Oregon)=Government Island (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Center_(Milwaukee)=U.S. Bank Center (Milwaukee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma'rib=Ma'rib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia=Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marengo,_Saskatchewan=Marengo, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingyang=Xingyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shore_Line_Trolley_Museum=Shore Line Trolley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friston=Friston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saru_River=Saru River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Coal Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Line=Sagami Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heybridge,_Maldon=Heybridge, Maldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campobello_di_Mazara=Campobello di Mazara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Arcy,_Saskatchewan=D'Arcy, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widen=Widen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pike_Lake_Provincial_Park=Pike Lake Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peace_River_Block=Peace River Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Harbour_Water_Airport=Vancouver Harbour Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Inner_Harbour_Airport=Victoria Inner Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Airport_Water_Aerodrome=Victoria Airport Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alice_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Alice Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Ronge,_Saskatchewan=Air Ronge, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narok=Narok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narok_County=Narok County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albertville,_Saskatchewan=Albertville, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lomond_No._37=Rural Municipality of Lomond No. 37
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furdale=Furdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasrur=Pasrur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brocklehurst,_Kamloops=Brocklehurst, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_River_(St_Albans)=Macdonald River (St Albans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Subway_Extension=7 Subway Extension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Square_Studios=Times Square Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Capela=A Capela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_Light=St. Johns River Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Ray=Cape Ray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Ray,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cape Ray, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conington,_South_Cambridgeshire=Conington, South Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupton=Tupton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pink_Mountain,_British_Columbia=Pink Mountain, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conington,_Huntingdonshire=Conington, Huntingdonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kynance_Cove=Kynance Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrara,_Queensland=Carrara, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Field_(Midway_Atoll)=Henderson Field (Midway Atoll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billingham_railway_station=Billingham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumamoc_Hill=Tumamoc Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bloomfield, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bispham,_Blackpool=Bispham, Blackpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cwmafan=Cwmafan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browne_Park=Browne Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Dart=Cape Dart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Byrd=Mount Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oates_Land=Oates Land
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oates_Coast=Oates Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_Sutton=Bishop Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shildon_railway_station=Shildon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakotan_Peninsula=Shakotan Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helford=Helford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkniss_Mountains=Wilkniss Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Grand Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Louisa_State_Park=Lake Louisa State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zone_Point=Zone Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Lake=Ward Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirton_in_Lindsey=Kirton in Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goss_Moor=Goss Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Top_Mountain_(Sitka_City_and_Borough,_Alaska)=Flat Top Mountain (Sitka City and Borough, Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arelee,_Saskatchewan=Arelee, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Babine=Fort Babine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mozart,_Saskatchewan=Mozart, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockabill=Rockabill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Spring=Hill Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Parkway_(Brooklyn)=Ocean Parkway (Brooklyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kargil=Kargil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qena=Qena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shubra_El-Kheima=Shubra El-Kheima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lopez=Mount Lopez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodoo_(ski_area)=Hoodoo (ski area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lethbridge,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lethbridge, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coketown,_West_Virginia=Coketown, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumney,_Cardiff=Rumney, Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughton,_Flintshire=Broughton, Flintshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marj_District=Marj District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butnan_District=Butnan District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunder_Nagar=Sunder Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapelton_railway_station=Chapelton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orahovica=Orahovica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmouth_railway_station=Barmouth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Arm_River_No._252=Rural Municipality of Arm River No. 252
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Colonsay_No._342=Rural Municipality of Colonsay No. 342
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tafilah_Governorate=Tafilah Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zarqa_Governorate=Zarqa Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma'an_Governorate=Ma'an Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqaba_Governorate=Aqaba Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amman_Governorate=Amman Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irbid_Governorate=Irbid Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerash_Governorate=Jerash Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karak_Governorate=Karak Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madaba_Governorate=Madaba Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutton-le-Hole=Hutton-le-Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shambhala_(music_festival)=Shambhala (music festival)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoresh=Shoresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quarry,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Quarry, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaff_Topsails=Gaff Topsails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Big_Arm_No._251=Rural Municipality of Big Arm No. 251
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Willner_No._253=Rural Municipality of Willner No. 253
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelecki_Desert=Strzelecki Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioiosa_Ionica=Gioiosa Ionica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bentley=Little Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teggiano=Teggiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnago=Legnago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanuga_Conference_Center=Kanuga Conference Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_Light=St. Johns Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chew_Valley=Chew Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Margarita,_California=Santa Margarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Governors=Palace of the Governors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basrur=Basrur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowerby,_West_Yorkshire=Sowerby, West Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longnan=Longnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson_Bay=Richardson Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizip=Nizip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Peninsula=Great Northern Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vize=Vize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawlins_Cross,_St._John's=Rawlins Cross, St. John's
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Norman=Cape Norman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Island_Light=Devils Island Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankt_Augustin=Sankt Augustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Bauld=Cape Bauld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_St._John=Cape St. John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phantom_Canyon_(Pikes_Peak_Area)=Phantom Canyon (Pikes Peak Area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donoughmore=Donoughmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piwnice=Piwnice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodford_railway_station=Woodford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gibraltar=Mount Gibraltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windisch=Windisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Loreburn_No._254=Rural Municipality of Loreburn No. 254
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Tower=Canton Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rufford_Abbey=Rufford Abbey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jade_City,_British_Columbia=Jade City, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Post=Lower Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prophet_River,_British_Columbia=Prophet River, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanih_Waiya=Nanih Waiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont_Provincial_Park=Beaumont Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easington,_North_Yorkshire=Easington, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Carracks=The Carracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Anthony_Head=St Anthony Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cariboo_River_Provincial_Park=Cariboo River Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatinate_Forest=Palatinate Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Runner_Railway=Road Runner Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oughter_Ard=Oughter Ard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunthorpe=Nunthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton-on-Tees=Dalton-on-Tees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei_Arena=Taipei Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmeswood=Holmeswood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breezand=Breezand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Stevens_(Washington,_D.C.)=Fort Stevens (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_Gredos=Sierra de Gredos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Leavenworth_National_Cemetery=Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_County_Courthouse=Allegheny County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crim_Rocks=Crim Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Center_at_Boca_Raton=Town Center at Boca Raton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_railway_station=Burnside railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appley_Bridge_railway_station=Appley Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadenham=Leadenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erskine,_Western_Australia=Erskine, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austreim=Austreim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_America_(VTA)=Great America (VTA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cross=King Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlington_(Cheshire)_railway_station=Adlington (Cheshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indira_Gandhi_Canal=Indira Gandhi Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_School_District=Parkland School District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Eyebrow_No._193=Rural Municipality of Eyebrow No. 193
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsetserleg_(city)=Tsetserleg (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Canada Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelford_railway_station=Chelford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eccles_railway_station=Eccles railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyphant=Polyphant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Sports_Center=Toyota Sports Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sahali,_Kamloops=Sahali, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Dufferin_No._190=Rural Municipality of Dufferin No. 190
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Highway_136=Iowa Highway 136
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Whanganui-A-Hei_(Cathedral_Cove)_Marine_Reserve=Te Whanganui-A-Hei (Cathedral Cove) Marine Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Huron_No._223=Rural Municipality of Huron No. 223
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lumsden_No._189=Rural Municipality of Lumsden No. 189
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Marquis_No._191=Rural Municipality of Marquis No. 191
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regional_District_of_Fraser-Fort_George=Regional District of Fraser-Fort George
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulkley_Valley=Bulkley Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxdorf=Maxdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahn=Dahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Sarnia_No._221=Rural Municipality of Sarnia No. 221
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flying_Dust_First_Nation=Flying Dust First Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzesko=Brzesko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murqub_District=Murqub District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devick_Lake_(British_Columbia)=Devick Lake (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City_(Booragoon)=Garden City (Booragoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tintagel_Old_Post_Office=Tintagel Old Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Maple_Bush_No._224=Rural Municipality of Maple Bush No. 224
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Blucher_No._343=Rural Municipality of Blucher No. 343
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lost_River_No._313=Rural Municipality of Lost River No. 313
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Morris_No._312=Rural Municipality of Morris No. 312
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Lake_Bridge=Okanagan Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Hicks=Point Hicks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyhole_Falls=Keyhole Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjong_Pagar_railway_station=Tanjong Pagar railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Stadium=Bloomfield Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whillans_Ice_Stream=Whillans Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvedon=Kelvedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leningradskaya_Station=Leningradskaya Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Russkaya_Station=Russkaya Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babine_River=Babine River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenecja=Wenecja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. George's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Mountain_(Alabama)=Sand Mountain (Alabama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etal=Etal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wajir=Wajir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandera=Mandera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garissa=Garissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vohemar=Vohemar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevenson=Trevenson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyeri_County=Nyeri County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caron,_Saskatchewan=Caron, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_8=Ontario Highway 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hayes=Mount Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ince_(Wigan)_railway_station=Ince (Wigan) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Ascension,_Episcopal_(Manhattan)=Church of the Ascension, Episcopal (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Harrison_Dam=Leslie Harrison Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Howe=Cape Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Wood_Creek_No._281=Rural Municipality of Wood Creek No. 281
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddenham_and_Thame_Parkway_railway_station=Haddenham and Thame Parkway railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High-water_mark_of_the_Confederacy=High-water mark of the Confederacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkeland,_Aust-Agder=Birkeland, Aust-Agder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trans-Pecos=Trans-Pecos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemisa=Artemisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syvash=Syvash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karoo_National_Park=Karoo National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Pagoda,_Phnom_Penh=Silver Pagoda, Phnom Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Columbia_Building=Eastern Columbia Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield_railway_station=Hatfield railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royston_railway_station=Royston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caprock_Escarpment=Caprock Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelford_railway_station=Shelford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audley_End_railway_station=Audley End railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roydon_railway_station=Roydon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Flintshire)_railway_station=Hope (Flintshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyendinaga,_Ontario=Tyendinaga, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divide_Creek=Divide Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_New_Mexico=Eastern New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angarrack=Angarrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixways_Stadium=Sixways Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Abernethy_No._186=Rural Municipality of Abernethy No. 186
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curacoa_Island=Curacoa Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinku_Gate_Tower_Building=Rinku Gate Tower Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wijngaarden=Wijngaarden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Harbor,_Washington=Deer Harbor, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreton_(Dorset)_railway_station=Moreton (Dorset) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angarrick=Angarrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Lake_State_Park=Cave Lake State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curling,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Curling, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humber_Arm=Humber Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara_Station_(California)=Santa Clara Station (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_de_Santiago_River=Grande de Santiago River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_occupation_of_Malaya=Japanese occupation of Malaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Bay_Stadium=Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erdington_railway_station=Erdington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colchester_Garrison=Colchester Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock,_New_South_Wales=The Rock, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drift,_Cornwall=Drift, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Crawford_(Antarctica)=Mount Crawford (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'t_Woud='t Woud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markinch=Markinch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenagh,_County_Leitrim=Fenagh, County Leitrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Kremlin_Palace=State Kremlin Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melmerby,_Harrogate=Melmerby, Harrogate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoenheim=Hoenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gare_de_Lille_Flandres=Gare de Lille Flandres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_House,_London=Custom House, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrovac,_Serbia=Petrovac, Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studzionka=Studzionka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Route=Great Northern Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weeting_Castle=Weeting Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_River_(New_South_Wales)=Wilson River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bay_Centre=West Bay Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilzno=Pilzno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firs_Park=Firs Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Avenue_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Pacific Avenue (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Coast_Highway_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Pacific Coast Highway (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Street_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Willow Street (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_Guadarrama=Sierra de Guadarrama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morvern=Morvern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakshela,_Saskatchewan=Oakshela, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFB_Montreal=CFB Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Polar_Basin_(Mars)=North Polar Basin (Mars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggs=Haggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thredbo_River=Thredbo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCTV_Headquarters=CCTV Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanbury_Hall=Hanbury Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton_Hall=Seaton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Hospital=Georgetown Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla,_New_South_Wales=Walla Walla, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirchhain=Kirchhain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Township,_Philadelphia_County,_Pennsylvania=Oxford Township, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiss_Air_Force_Base=Griffiss Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantva=Bantva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargodha_Division=Sargodha Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandenong_Bypass=Dandenong Bypass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ervan=St Ervan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyandour=Chyandour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blendworth=Blendworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fort=Little Fort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longbridge_railway_station=Longbridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Broad Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaic_Lake=Castaic Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fife_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Fife Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronach,_Saskatchewan=Coronach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Verdes_Library_District=Palos Verdes Library District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Peak=Wright Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs,_Quebec=Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Highway_23=Louisiana Highway 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marbury,_Cheshire=Marbury, Cheshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latina_(Madrid)=Latina (Madrid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Route_116=Quebec Route 116
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinjibar=Zinjibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arran,_Saskatchewan=Arran, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siaya_County=Siaya County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontikos=Pontikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scurry,_Texas=Scurry, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zichydorf,_Saskatchewan=Zichydorf, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_Inferno=Nemesis Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_River_(Gloucester)=Avon River (Gloucester)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield,_Newport=Marshfield, Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandreia,_Greece=Alexandreia, Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winfield,_British_Columbia=Winfield, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Springs_Reservoir=Salt Springs Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Dam_(New_South_Wales)=Cochrane Dam (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_N_Holler=Hoot N Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_East_(Metro-North_station)=Mount Vernon East (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikangikum_First_Nation=Pikangikum First Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Woodhouse_railway_station=Mansfield Woodhouse railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaughan_Metropolitan_Centre=Vaughan Metropolitan Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piddington_Roman_Villa=Piddington Roman Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apperley_Bridge_railway_station=Apperley Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linhai=Linhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kaunda_International_Airport=Kenneth Kaunda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Chester_(Metro-North_station)=Port Chester (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farington_railway_station=Farington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M4_Western_Motorway=M4 Western Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M5_South_Western_Motorway=M5 South Western Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowlas=Crowlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrick_Roads=Carrick Roads
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seacliff,_South_Australia=Seacliff, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varfell=Varfell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Auditorium=National Auditorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Battle_House_Tower=RSA Battle House Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwoman's_Whip=Catwoman's Whip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandve=Sandve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallow_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Shallow Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cebreros=Cebreros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamer,_Scarborough=Seamer, Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushy_Islet=Bushy Islet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushy_Island=Bushy Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doddington,_Cambridgeshire=Doddington, Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Elohim=Congregation Beth Elohim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Head_Island=Turtle Head Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Island_(Newcastle_Bay)=Turtle Island (Newcastle Bay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Cordilleran_Volcanic_Province=Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastopol_(Mortar)=Sebastopol (Mortar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregurnow=Tregurnow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sparnon=Sparnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalls=Escalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penberth=Penberth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Bight,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Deep Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson's_Cove=Anderson's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Key_Lake_mine=Key Lake mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClean_Lake_mine=McClean Lake mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gluvian=Gluvian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregaswith=Tregaswith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthvoes=Ruthvoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebudannon=Trebudannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Dennis,_Cornwall=St Dennis, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Goran=St Goran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Michael_Caerhays=St Michael Caerhays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Sampson,_Cornwall=St Sampson, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosudgeon=Rosudgeon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canonstown=Canonstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchans=Buchans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._6,_Subd._A,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 6, Subd. A, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constable_Burton=Constable Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penjerrick_Garden=Penjerrick Garden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancledra=Nancledra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerris=Kerris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adony=Adony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easby,_Richmondshire=Easby, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teuffenthal=Teuffenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelynack=Kelynack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ship_Church=Old Ship Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Theatre=Regal Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyshinsky_District=Kamyshinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Damien-de-Buckland,_Quebec=Saint-Damien-de-Buckland, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Round_Top=Big Round Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Bay_Station=Alexander Bay Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Cove=Allan Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angelbrook=Angelbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anstey's_Cove=Anstey's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Anthony Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsey_Cove=Apsey Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsey_Point=Apsey Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsey_Beach=Apsey Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apsey_Brook=Apsey Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aquiller=Aquiller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archie_Campbell's_Cove=Archie Campbell's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ariege_Bay=Ariege Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviron_Bay=Aviron Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Point=King's Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merasheen,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Merasheen, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mobile, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Sandy Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wensley,_North_Yorkshire=Wensley, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Bight,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Trinity Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bonaventure,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=New Bonaventure, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jules,_Quebec=Saint-Jules, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendrick_Peak=Kendrick Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tack's_Beach=Tack's Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor's_Bay=Taylor's Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tea_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tea Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connor_Downs=Connor Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Bay=Fortune Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Facheux_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Facheux Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_Corners,_Georgia=Peachtree Corners, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaches,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Beaches, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dock,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=The Dock, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Droke=The Droke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gravels,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=The Gravels, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gut_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=The Gut (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Keys,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=The Keys, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Motion,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=The Motion, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rooms,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=The Rooms, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Neck,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=The Neck, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Thicket,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=The Thicket, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornlea,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Thornlea, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoroughfare,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Thoroughfare, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Arms,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Three Arms, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Mile_Rock,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Three Mile Rock, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Rock_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Three Rock Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickle_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tickle Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tibbos_Hill,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tibbos Hill, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickles,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tickles, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tilton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tizzard's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tizzard's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tompkins,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tompkins, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tors_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tors Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Triton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turks_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Turks Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhpur=Sidhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Brasil=Monte Brasil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cummingston=Cummingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerset,_South_Dakota=Summerset, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg=Aalborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firlej=Firlej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvedon_Hatch=Kelvedon Hatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snake_River_Canyon_(Idaho)=Snake River Canyon (Idaho)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Amherst_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Upper Amherst Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Burgeo,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Upper Burgeo, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Ferry,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Upper Ferry, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Small_Point=Upper Small Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upshall_Station,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Upshall Station, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isle_Valen,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Isle Valen, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vardyville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Vardyville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Victoria Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Virgin's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villa_Marie,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Villa Marie, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin_Arm-Carter's_Cove=Virgin Arm-Carter's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voy's_Beach=Voy's Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binham_Priory=Binham Priory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Cove,_Fogo,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Back Cove, Fogo, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Back Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie_de_Loutre,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Baie de Loutre, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bailey's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey's_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bailey's Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bait_Cove=Bait Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Baker's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker's_Head,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Baker's Head, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kita-Senju_Station=Kita-Senju Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker's_Tickle,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Baker's Tickle, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balcalhoa_Island=Balcalhoa Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bald_Nap,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bald Nap, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Baldwin Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balena,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Balena, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballyntine_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ballyntine Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bane_Harbor,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bane Harbor, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_Head,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bank Head, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Street_subway_station=Buchanan Street subway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirano=Tirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadfield_railway_station=Hadfield railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunga,_Treshnish_Isles=Lunga, Treshnish Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardenheim,_Pennsylvania=Ardenheim, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_Scream_Machine_(Six_Flags_Over_Georgia)=Great American Scream Machine (Six Flags Over Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Island,_Queensland=Hope Island, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocese_of_Westminster=Diocese of Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fen_Drayton=Fen Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Peak_(Antarctica)=University Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszewnia=Kruszewnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Michael_Penkevil=St Michael Penkevil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuby,_Cornwall=Cuby, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Allen=St Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philleigh=Philleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granville_line=Granville line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gover_Stream=Gover Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arborfield_Cross=Arborfield Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pierre_Elliott_Trudeau=Mount Pierre Elliott Trudeau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream,_British_Columbia=Coldstream, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Washington_Park_(New_York_City)=Fort Washington Park (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unguja=Unguja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalyan=Dalyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newnansville,_Florida=Newnansville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmhurst_Avenue_(IND_Queens_Boulevard_Line)=Elmhurst Avenue (IND Queens Boulevard Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caorle=Caorle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wile_E._Coyote_Canyon_Blaster=Wile E. Coyote Canyon Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crows-an-Wra=Crows-an-Wra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pridden=Pridden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallants=Gallants
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Garden Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garia,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Garia, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipurduar_Railway_Junction=Alipurduar Railway Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwarthirunagiri=Alwarthirunagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anandapur=Anandapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhander=Bhander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhanvad=Bhanvad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George's_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=George's Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Georgetown, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillams=Gillams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battery_Rocks=Battery Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamkot=Dharamkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duliajan_Oil_Town=Duliajan Oil Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocese_of_Aberdeen_and_Orkney=Diocese of Aberdeen and Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgans_Hotel=Morgans Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16th_Street_Station=16th Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cury=Cury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mawgan-in-Meneage=Mawgan-in-Meneage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Gluvias=St Gluvias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sithney=Sithney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maricourt,_Quebec=Maricourt, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goobies,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Goobies, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Arm=Goose Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooseberry_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gooseberry Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooseberry_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gooseberry Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goulds_Road,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Goulds Road, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautanwa=Nautanwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_(Monocacy_River)=Rock Creek (Monocacy River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Just_in_Roseland=St Just in Roseland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl,_Utah=Beryl, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analalava=Analalava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambanja=Ambanja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leabridge_(ward)=Leabridge (ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keats_Island_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Keats Island (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsinjo=Mitsinjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besalampy=Besalampy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maintirano=Maintirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berezovka_(airport)=Berezovka (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingdon_(Amtrak_station)=Huntingdon (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodoo_Mountain=Hoodoo Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pheasant_Creek=Pheasant Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandhar=Kandhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanjia=Karanjia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathivakkam=Kathivakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottivakkam=Kottivakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc,_Bas-Saint-Laurent,_Quebec=Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc, Bas-Saint-Laurent, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhupur,_Deoghar=Madhupur, Deoghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tseung_Kwan_O=Tseung Kwan O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altentreptow=Altentreptow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manglaur=Manglaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagapur=Nagapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilagiri=Nilagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orathanadu_(Mukthambalpuram)=Orathanadu (Mukthambalpuram)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens_Airport=St Helens Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattukkottai=Pattukkottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peravurani=Peravurani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudrapur=Rudrapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandi,_Uttar_Pradesh=Sandi, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Pur=Sultan Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Pur_Majra=Sultan Pur Majra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundar_Nagar=Sundar Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tensa=Tensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvidaimarudur=Thiruvidaimarudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaipura=Udaipura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohagad=Lohagad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waputik_Icefield=Waputik Icefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koyuk_River=Koyuk River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlwind_(roller_coaster)=Whirlwind (roller coaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_Mill_River=Saw Mill River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vikos_Gorge=Vikos Gorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Quebec=Newport, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Circle,_Philadelphia=Oxford Circle, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilone_Bridge=Basilone Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilsley,_North_East_Derbyshire=Pilsley, North East Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragged_Islands,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ragged Islands, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramah,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ramah, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rantem,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Rantem, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramea_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ramea Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Red Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_City_Region=Sheffield City Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixfields_Stadium=Sixfields Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimmera_River=Wimmera River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic,_North_Carolina=Atlantic, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cougar_Canyon=Cougar Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rencontre_West,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Rencontre West, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Red Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Rocks,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Red Rocks, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reefs_Harbour-Shoal_Cove_West-New_Ferolle=Reefs Harbour-Shoal Cove West-New Ferolle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reidville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Reidville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roaches_Line=Roaches Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Ponds=River of Ponds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsons,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Robinsons, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Rock Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Rocky Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodgers_Cove=Rodgers Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulton_(North_Yorkshire)_railway_station=Moulton (North Yorkshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonancy,_Kentucky=Jonancy, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallstadt=Hallstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartha=Hartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkeland,_Hordaland=Birkeland, Hordaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjizal=Nanjizal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayano-Maysky_District=Ayano-Maysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andretta=Andretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocre=Ocre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burela=Burela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Archdiocese_of_Kingston=Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_River_(Victoria)=Rubicon River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Museum_Park=One Museum Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mill,_Cornwall=New Mill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbridge,_Cornwall=Newbridge, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygi=Zygi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conne_River=Conne River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulau_Besar_(Malacca)=Pulau Besar (Malacca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hempstead_Branch=West Hempstead Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altai_City=Altai City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrier_Hundred=Kerrier Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover,_Arlington,_Virginia=Westover, Arlington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasburg,_Germany=Strasburg, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avar_Khanate=Avar Khanate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peki'in=Peki'in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duirinish,_Lochalsh=Duirinish, Lochalsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thal_Desert=Thal Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Wahat_District=Al Wahat District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_al_Hayaa_District=Wadi al Hayaa District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_al_Shatii_District=Wadi al Shatii District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clarita,_California=Santa Clarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafara=Jafara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghat_District=Ghat District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nalut_District=Nalut District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szamocin=Szamocin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natland=Natland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._2,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 2, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Islands_Conservation_Area=Sister Islands Conservation Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_Island_(Tasmania)=Sisters Island (Tasmania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Harbour,_Fogo,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Round Harbour, Fogo, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Harbour_2,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Round Harbour 2, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Harbour,_Fortune_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Round Harbour, Fortune Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Harbour,_Baie_Verte,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Round Harbour, Baie Verte, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Harbour,_Bonavista,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Round Harbour, Bonavista, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bannatyne_Cove=Bannatyne Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barachois,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Barachois, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barachois_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Barachois Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareneed=Bareneed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Haven,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bar Haven, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sir_John_Abbott=Mount Sir John Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeple_Ashton=Steeple Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson_Memorial_Stadium=Richardson Memorial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wile_E._Coyote's_Grand_Canyon_Blaster=Wile E. Coyote's Grand Canyon Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_Light_Rail=Jerusalem Light Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddee_Koaster=Kiddee Koaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton_Cross=Upton Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castel_San_Giorgio=Castel San Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi_Velia=Novi Velia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellezzano=Pellezzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polla=Polla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stio=Stio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorsey_Knob=Dorsey Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Memorial_Bridge=Walnut Lane Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melmerby,_Richmondshire=Melmerby, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Valley,_Saskatchewan=Fox Valley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyriaki=Kyriaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Highland=Okanagan Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Eagle_Creek_No._376=Rural Municipality of Eagle Creek No. 376
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Leask_No._464=Rural Municipality of Leask No. 464
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._1,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 1, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._4,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 4, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reddish_Knob=Reddish Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiambu_County=Kiambu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homberg,_Bern=Homberg, Bern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batu_Kawan=Batu Kawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._9,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 9, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._11,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 11, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._12,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 12, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._10,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 10, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._13,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 13, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._14,_Saskatchewan=Division No. 14, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Sierra_(oil_field)=Greater Sierra (oil field)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Amble=Chapel Amble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daymer_Bay=Daymer Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandymouth_Beach=Sandymouth Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregardock=Tregardock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwater_Falls_State_Park=Blackwater Falls State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahltan_Highland=Tahltan Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_Middleton=Stoney Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bossiney_Haven=Bossiney Haven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Plateau=Thompson Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hamah=Al-Hamah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hill_Mall=Chapel Hill Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omineca_River=Omineca River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nechako_Plateau=Nechako Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitesand_Bay=Whitesand Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Buggery_(Alpine_Shire,_Victoria)=Mount Buggery (Alpine Shire, Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watergate_Beach=Watergate Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vault_Beach=Vault Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Huxley_(Antarctica)=Mount Huxley (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Beach=Ruby Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazos_Country,_Texas=Brazos Country, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogo-dour_Cove=Ogo-dour Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Diocese_of_Peterborough=Roman Catholic Diocese of Peterborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddie_Coaster=Kiddie Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentreath=Pentreath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teufenthal=Teufenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomet=Bomet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_River_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Main River (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmewood=Holmewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiggiano=Tiggiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socol=Socol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Cross_Highway=Wilbur Cross Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke,_West_Virginia=Roanoke, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Lank_Quarries=De Lank Quarries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polyne_Quarry=Polyne Quarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeeth=Smeeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owmby_by_Spital=Owmby by Spital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanija=Romanija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_(roller_coaster)=Vampire (roller coaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Isle,_Quebec=Grosse Isle, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanley_Mitchell_hut=Stanley Mitchell hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conrad_Kain_Hut=Conrad Kain Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudson_Bay_drainage_basin=Hudson Bay drainage basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treburley=Treburley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhall=Exhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallington_Reservoirs=Hallington Reservoirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Cemetery_(Adams_County,_Pennsylvania)=Evergreen Cemetery (Adams County, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homburg,_Switzerland=Homburg, Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babie=Babie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Smoky_Mountains_Expressway=Great Smoky Mountains Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President=The President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Beach_Public_Library=Huntington Beach Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Termas_del_Arapey=Termas del Arapey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukekura=Pukekura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slieve_Gullion=Slieve Gullion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilifi_County=Kilifi County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwale_County=Kwale County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gungarlin_River=Gungarlin River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooney_Mooney_Creek,_New_South_Wales=Mooney Mooney Creek, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katamatite=Katamatite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Parker_hut=Elizabeth Parker hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=White Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwall,_Queensland=Blackwall, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Lakes_cabin=Elk Lakes cabin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_O._Wheeler_hut=Arthur O. Wheeler hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbot_Pass_hut=Abbot Pass hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesana_Torinese=Cesana Torinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolabella=Isolabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeming,_North_Yorkshire=Leeming, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Valley_(British_Columbia)=Elk Valley (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evenk_Autonomous_Banner=Evenk Autonomous Banner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rold_Skov=Rold Skov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atwater,_Saskatchewan=Atwater, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_MainPlace=Westfield MainPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timsbury,_Somerset=Timsbury, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowden,_Derbyshire=Crowden, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salorno=Salorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_(planetary_geology)=Corona (planetary geology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Stadium=AT&T Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brez=Brez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellizzano=Pellizzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monale=Monale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angus_Glen,_Ontario=Angus Glen, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpasio=Carpasio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme,_North_Lincolnshire=Holme, North Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porth,_Cornwall=Porth, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca_Creek_(North_Fork_South_Branch_Potomac_River)=Seneca Creek (North Fork South Branch Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakridge,_Toronto=Oakridge, Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Thumb=Devils Thumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulceby,_East_Lindsey=Ulceby, East Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsh_Farm=Marsh Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Harbour_Deep,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Great Harbour Deep, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goon_Gumpas=Goon Gumpas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Quackenbush=Mount Quackenbush
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quartz_Hills=Quartz Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen_Maud_Bay=Queen Maud Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queer_Mountain=Queer Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quensel_Glacier=Quensel Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quest_Cliffs=Quest Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quilty_Nunataks=Quilty Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quonset_Glacier=Quonset Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babine,_British_Columbia=Babine, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babine_Portage,_British_Columbia=Babine Portage, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldonnel,_British_Columbia=Baldonnel, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durrell,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Durrell, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fres=Fres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledringhem=Ledringhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmate=Osmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embu_County=Embu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machakos_County=Machakos County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsabit_County=Marsabit County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnaro=Legnaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canda=Canda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voghiera=Voghiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Flat_Lode_Trail=Great Flat Lode Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sielnica=Sielnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firenzuola=Firenzuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Butte_County,_California=Centerville, Butte County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexis_Creek,_British_Columbia=Alexis Creek, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castel_Giorgio=Castel Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lofthouse,_North_Yorkshire=Lofthouse, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villaricca=Villaricca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebag_River=Firebag River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware,_Warren_County,_New_Jersey=Delaware, Warren County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giffone=Giffone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nara,_Nara=Nara, Nara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrin=Torrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campobello_di_Licata=Campobello di Licata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realmonte=Realmonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomagna=Lomagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Arbour_Memorial_Stadium=Bernie Arbour Memorial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinggil_County=Qinggil County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shasta,_California=Shasta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Coast_Airport=Whitsunday Coast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voras_Mountains=Voras Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arichat,_Nova_Scotia=Arichat, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooney_Mooney_Creek=Mooney Mooney Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yampil,_Vinnytsia_Oblast=Yampil, Vinnytsia Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee_Mountain_Ski_Area=Shawnee Mountain Ski Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dalrymple=Mount Dalrymple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looe_Estuary=Looe Estuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Correctional_Facility=Miami Correctional Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fay_hut=Fay hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isiolo_County=Isiolo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Putnam_hut=Bill Putnam hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashenden_(Headcorn)_Airfield=Lashenden (Headcorn) Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guysborough,_Nova_Scotia_(community)=Guysborough, Nova Scotia (community)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregavarah=Tregavarah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargard_County=Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hamidiyah=Al-Hamidiyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_Democratic_Republic=Hungarian Democratic Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzeg_County=Brzeg County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensplat=Greensplat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantham_Hospital=Grantham Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._Blacker_House=Robert R. Blacker House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man's_Land,_Cornwall=No Man's Land, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widegates=Widegates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joppa,_Cornwall=Joppa, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jolly's_Bottom=Jolly's Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Lakes_(electoral_district)=Southern Lakes (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padstow_Lifeboat_Station=Padstow Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vic_Theatre=The Vic Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenby_Lifeboat_Station=Tenby Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael's_Church_(99th_Street,_Manhattan)=St. Michael's Church (99th Street, Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Roland_(Antarctica)=Mount Roland (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_&_Ohio_Railroad_Station,_Philadelphia=Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Station, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polbathic=Polbathic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyamira_County=Nyamira County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightons=Brightons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lax,_Switzerland=Lax, Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walmer_Lifeboat_Station=Walmer Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme_on_the_Wolds=Holme on the Wolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dalton=South Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelew,_Cornwall=Trelew, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Burnt Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautley_River=Nautley River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajiado_County=Kajiado County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forests_for_the_World=Forests for the World
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayle_Estuary=Hayle Estuary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tada,_Andhra_Pradesh=Tada, Andhra Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bont_Newydd_railway_station=Bont Newydd railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wringworthy=Wringworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_au_Port,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port au Port, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynwyd_railway_station=Cynwyd railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herodsfoot=Herodsfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Railway_Main_Line=Sagami Railway Main Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_London=St George's Cathedral, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwavas=Gwavas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rissani=Rissani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Yolo_County,_California=Fremont, Yolo County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zucchelli_Station=Zucchelli Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addington,_Cornwall=Addington, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Hays=Fort Hays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Baptist_Church=Riverside Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treneere=Treneere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billabong_Creek_(Junee)=Billabong Creek (Junee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czeremcha,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czeremcha, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurelwood,_Oregon=Laurelwood, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malczyce=Malczyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokiddick=Bokiddick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei_Dome=Taipei Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton,_North_Yorkshire=Carleton, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gangotri_Group=Gangotri Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonqor_County=Sonqor County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Davis_(Antarctica)=Mount Davis (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viens,_Vaucluse=Viens, Vaucluse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorlitz,_Saskatchewan=Gorlitz, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmill_Island=Windmill Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_Sant'Ambrogio=Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drenovci=Drenovci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myall_River=Myall River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Island_(Fortune),_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Green Island (Fortune), Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Island_(Catalina),_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Green Island (Catalina), Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witless_Bay_Ecological_Reserve=Witless Bay Ecological Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_San_Antonio=Metro San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClellan_Airfield=McClellan Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_at_Mill_Creek=The Mall at Mill Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madura,_Western_Australia=Madura, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Industrial_Airport=Hawthorne Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakridge_Acres=Oakridge Acres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panamint_Springs,_California=Panamint Springs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baladeh,_Mazandaran=Baladeh, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clogherhead=Clogherhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevarno,_Cornwall=Trevarno, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blandford_Camp=Blandford Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Moore=Fort Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._4,_Subd._A,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 4, Subd. A, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._4,_Subd._B,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 4, Subd. B, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitui_County=Kitui County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._4,_Subd._C,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 4, Subd. C, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vihiga_County=Vihiga County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._4,_Subd._D,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 4, Subd. D, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Division_No._4,_Subd._E,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Division No. 4, Subd. E, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurnard's_Head=Gurnard's Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendour_Cove=Pendour Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treen_Cove=Treen Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanshan_District,_Shenzhen=Nanshan District, Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakaser=Sakaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homa_Bay_County=Homa Bay County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezhyrich=Mezhyrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_Bridge,_New_South_Wales=Grafton Bridge, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_River_(North_Carolina)=Rocky River (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreckhouse,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Wreckhouse, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garissa_County=Garissa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandera_County=Mandera County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wajir_County=Wajir County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwith_railway_station=Bramwith railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Gannel=River Gannel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casapueblo=Casapueblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedbank_Stadion=Swedbank Stadion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedley_Mascot_Mine=Hedley Mascot Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuniga_Glacier=Zuniga Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angram,_Richmondshire=Angram, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrangaroo,_New_South_Wales=Marrangaroo, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Bowl=Apple Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Inn_(Washington)=Paradise Inn (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Aaron=Mount Aaron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lake_Butte_des_Morts=Little Lake Butte des Morts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binczarowa=Binczarowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boscoppa=Boscoppa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_City_Municipal_Airport=Forest City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonggwang_County=Yonggwang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brograve_Mill=Brograve Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jermantown,_Virginia=Jermantown, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosong_County=Kosong County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laindon=Laindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyonggang_County=Pyonggang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepo_County=Sepo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donard=Donard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrin=Vrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Lake_(Alberta)=Bonnie Lake (Alberta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McNish_Island=McNish Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gbely=Gbely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre_Dame_Bay=Notre Dame Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirpon_Island=Quirpon Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonne_Bay=Bonne Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merasheen_Island=Merasheen Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovensko=Rovensko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwith_(WR&G)_railway_station=Bramwith (WR&G) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmborough=Farmborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Project_Gnome=Project Gnome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockgate_Mill=Lockgate Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilam,_Nepal=Ilam, Nepal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampang_LRT_Station=Ampang LRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevescan=Trevescan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polgigga=Polgigga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhander_Plateau=Bhander Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barby_Nortoft=Barby Nortoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Dam=Ross Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Manche,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=La Manche, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Antelope_Park_No._322=Rural Municipality of Antelope Park No. 322
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Prairiedale_No._321=Rural Municipality of Prairiedale No. 321
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambridge_Mill=Lambridge Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulmierzyce=Sulmierzyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plato,_Saskatchewan=Plato, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniewice=Czerniewice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albatross_Island_(South_Georgia)=Albatross Island (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Island_(Okanagan_Lake)=Grant Island (Okanagan Lake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babsk=Babsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarcs=Anarcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epworth-Great_Salmonier,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Epworth-Great Salmonier, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Connaught_No._457=Rural Municipality of Connaught No. 457
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainforth,_North_Yorkshire=Stainforth, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinden=Swinden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scolt_Head_Island=Scolt Head Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coketon,_West_Virginia=Coketon, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wookey=Wookey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Park,_New_South_Wales=Douglas Park, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watergate_Bay=Watergate Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ongar,_Essex=Ongar, Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_Islands=Passage Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Islands,_Falkland_Islands=Swan Islands, Falkland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_London=Westfield London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Charles_River=Saint-Charles River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samatra=Samatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudland_Bridge_railway_station=Maudland Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukagawa_Station=Fukagawa Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamer,_Hambleton=Seamer, Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mittenwald=Mittenwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilean_Antarctic_Territory=Chilean Antarctic Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desolation_Lava_Field=Desolation Lava Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Fell,_Lancashire=Beacon Fell, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaburze=Zaburze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreuzberg_Saddle=Kreuzberg Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton_Stoney=Middleton Stoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme_Wood=Holme Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cabuyao=Mount Cabuyao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talland_Bay=Talland Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Ararat=Little Ararat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chettikulam=Chettikulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borownica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Borownica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orehovica,_Croatia=Orehovica, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kardla=Kardla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastrup_Station=Kastrup Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clairemont,_San_Diego=Clairemont, San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Fire_Resort=Angel Fire Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trowse=Trowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Choral_Synagogue=Great Choral Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Yansky_District=Ust-Yansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_South_Airport=Smolensk South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_North_Airport=Smolensk North Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsagers_Bank=Alsagers Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Harrogate=Middleton, Harrogate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldbath_Fields_Prison=Coldbath Fields Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Coolum,_Queensland=Mount Coolum, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushetunk_Mountain=Cushetunk Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregurrian=Tregurrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busan_Lotte_Town_Tower=Busan Lotte Town Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Heart's_Hill_No._352=Rural Municipality of Heart's Hill No. 352
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Eye_Hill_No._382=Rural Municipality of Eye Hill No. 382
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Senlac_No._411=Rural Municipality of Senlac No. 411
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Milton_No._292=Rural Municipality of Milton No. 292
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Railway_Station=Shenzhen Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumili=Kumili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notter,_Cornwall=Notter, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon_Hills=Langdon Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Palatine_Forest=Upper Palatine Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousand_Island_Lake=Thousand Island Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banner_Peak=Banner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomet_County=Bomet County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_El_Plomo=Cerro El Plomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grouse_Mountain_(California)=Grouse Mountain (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnestone,_Dover=Goodnestone, Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnestone,_Swale=Goodnestone, Swale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfields_Fun_Park=Springfields Fun Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Storthoaks_No._31=Rural Municipality of Storthoaks No. 31
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Griffin_No._66=Rural Municipality of Griffin No. 66
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_at_Turtle_Creek=The Mall at Turtle Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Rivers,_British_Columbia=Sun Rivers, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Walpole_No._92=Rural Municipality of Walpole No. 92
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Fox_Valley_No._171=Rural Municipality of Fox Valley No. 171
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_McKillop_No._220=Rural Municipality of McKillop No. 220
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aylsham,_Saskatchewan=Aylsham, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Argyle_No._1=Rural Municipality of Argyle No. 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Park_Race_Track=Washington Park Race Track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleeve,_Somerset=Cleeve, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mountain_(Belfast)=Black Mountain (Belfast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Leroy_No._339=Rural Municipality of Leroy No. 339
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Wolverine_No._340=Rural Municipality of Wolverine No. 340
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Canwood_No._494=Rural Municipality of Canwood No. 494
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Shell_Lake_No._495=Rural Municipality of Shell Lake No. 495
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Frenchman_Butte_No._501=Rural Municipality of Frenchman Butte No. 501
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Greenfield_No._529=Rural Municipality of Greenfield No. 529
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Invergordon_No._430=Rural Municipality of Invergordon No. 430
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stikine_Ranges=Stikine Ranges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederhorn=Niederhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antler_River=Antler River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gainsborough_Creek=Gainsborough Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruskie=Ruskie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brach=Brach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Puerco_(Rio_Grande)=Rio Puerco (Rio Grande)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Ryedale=Middleton, Ryedale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintringham=Wintringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planned_high-speed_rail_by_country=Planned high-speed rail by country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Volcanoes=Cascade Volcanoes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Montmartre_No._126=Rural Municipality of Montmartre No. 126
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station,_Chicago=Central Station, Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohberghorn=Hohberghorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veor_Cove=Veor Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedn_Vounder=Pedn Vounder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Salerno=Forward Operating Base Salerno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Allen_Building=Van Allen Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooseham=Gooseham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenville-sur-la-Rouge,_Quebec=Grenville-sur-la-Rouge, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lummus_Park_Historic_District=Lummus Park Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermuda_Hundred,_Virginia=Bermuda Hundred, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allan_Hills=Allan Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhaodong=Zhaodong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cann_River=Cann River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Mateo_Creek_(San_Francisco_Bay_Area)=San Mateo Creek (San Francisco Bay Area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathuile=Lathuile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturt_Stony_Desert=Sturt Stony Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegowo=Strzegowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quesnel_Highland=Quesnel Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Road_Town=Old Road Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorpe,_East_Riding_of_Yorkshire=Thorpe, East Riding of Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorpe_le_Street=Thorpe le Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_River_Dam=Ross River Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Garden_City=Westfield Garden City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrave_Park_Hospital=Musgrave Park Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regina_Centre=Regina Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathom_House=Lathom House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graystones=Graystones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akasaka-mitsuke_Station=Akasaka-mitsuke Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/150_Mile_House=150 Mile House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Union_Station_(Illinois)=Springfield Union Station (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Canyon=Cascade Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recz=Recz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thirichittoor_Rock=Thirichittoor Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Western Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton_Ross=Seaton Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton,_East_Riding_of_Yorkshire=Seaton, East Riding of Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birsay,_Saskatchewan=Birsay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Islip_(LIRR_station)=Central Islip (LIRR station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Business_District,_Saskatoon=Central Business District, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Canyon=Granite Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuswap_Highland=Shuswap Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Death_Canyon=Death Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rayleigh,_Kamloops=Rayleigh, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hills_Mall=Chapel Hills Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawa-I-Barakzayi_District=Nawa-I-Barakzayi District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_City_Hall=Newcastle City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Islands=Grey Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groais_Island=Groais Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekla=Nekla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opalenica=Opalenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakliczyn=Zakliczyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tidewater_(geographic_term)=Tidewater (geographic term)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieszkowice=Mieszkowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balmore=Balmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Marble_Cemetery=New York Marble Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myszyniec=Myszyniec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorzele=Chorzele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanescot=Lanescot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadie_(electoral_district)=Acadie (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Lawrence_Bay=St Lawrence Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcanology_of_Canada=Volcanology of Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jutrosin=Jutrosin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielichowo=Wielichowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koprzywnica=Koprzywnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kkachisan_Station=Kkachisan Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_George_CNR_Bridge=Prince George CNR Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrave_Harbour=Musgrave Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortlanesend_and_Allet=Shortlanesend and Allet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzanowice=Krzanowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winlaw=Winlaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Stadium=Centennial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnet_Canyon=Garnet Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherpur_Sadar_Upazila=Sherpur Sadar Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missinipe,_Saskatchewan=Missinipe, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherpur_Upazila=Sherpur Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Kotwali_Thana=Dhaka Kotwali Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramna_Thana=Ramna Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Mountain_(Oxford_County,_Maine)=Elephant Mountain (Oxford County, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczytna=Szczytna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowary=Kowary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loxahatchee_River=Loxahatchee River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dalton=North Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Basin=Okanagan Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Centre_of_Saint_Petersburg_and_Related_Groups_of_Monuments=Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozdnica=Gozdnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zwolle,_Gelderland=Zwolle, Gelderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Wall_Street_Court=1 Wall Street Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaoli=Jaoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbrooke=Sudbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piechowice=Piechowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunfair,_California=Sunfair, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunfair_Heights,_California=Sunfair Heights, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Freels=Cape Freels
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tootsi=Tootsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leidse_Rijn=Leidse Rijn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truskolasy,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Truskolasy, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Perlican_Island=Old Perlican Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puffin_Island_(Baccalieu_Tickle),_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Puffin Island (Baccalieu Tickle), Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codroy_Valley=Codroy Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurka,_Gryfino_County=Rurka, Gryfino County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marynowo=Marynowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuzla_Island=Tuzla Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold's_Cove_Station=Arnold's Cove Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachelor's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bachelor's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bacon Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballyhack,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ballyhack, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscay_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Biscay Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Washington_(Amtrak_station)=Centralia, Washington (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westside_Tennis_Club=Westside Tennis Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armanian=Armanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown's_Hotel=Brown's Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryina_roshcha_District=Maryina roshcha District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawinigan_railway_station=Shawinigan railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutian_County,_Hebei=Yutian County, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunga,_Slate_Islands=Lunga, Slate Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wusterhausen=Wusterhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoe,_British_Columbia=Canoe, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouldsboro,_Pennsylvania=Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_(Amtrak_station)=Huntington (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Mountain=Regal Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight's_Hill_(West_Norwood)=Knight's Hill (West Norwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Illinois_(Amtrak_station)=Centralia, Illinois (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barripper=Barripper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Billboard=The Billboard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Billing=Mount Billing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mallis=Mount Mallis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Agassiz=Cape Agassiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Jeremy=Cape Jeremy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bower=Mount Bower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hooker_(Antarctica)=Mount Hooker (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Bastion=Berry Bastion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stromness_Bay=Stromness Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Tower_(Sacramento)=U.S. Bank Tower (Sacramento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangkhom_District=Sangkhom District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garwood_Glacier=Garwood Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heald_Island=Heald Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Convoy_Range=Convoy Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchiennes=Marchiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmstadt-Bargen=Helmstadt-Bargen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denkingen=Denkingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holywell,_Cornwall=Holywell, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincheon-dong,_Seoul=Sincheon-dong, Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John's_Health_Center=Saint John's Health Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regions_Field=Regions Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah_TV_Tower=Jeddah TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teesside_power_station=Teesside power station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisga'a_Memorial_Lava_Bed_Provincial_Park=Nisga'a Memorial Lava Bed Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coverack_Bridges=Coverack Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quevedos=Quevedos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalrigh=Dalrigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Khom_District=Sang Khom District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Fjord=Ice Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Glacier=Grey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Tower_(building)=Bell Tower (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilnwick=Kilnwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilnwick_Percy=Kilnwick Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Josephine_(Minnesota)=Mount Josephine (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troutbeck,_Eden=Troutbeck, Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Cross,_Constantine=High Cross, Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Cross,_Truro=High Cross, Truro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Island=Devil Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Park_(Amtrak_station)=Winter Park (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsetserleg,_Arkhangai=Tsetserleg, Arkhangai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bruno,_Baja_California_Sur=San Bruno, Baja California Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antsalova=Antsalova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okeechobee_(Amtrak_station)=Okeechobee (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Point=Norris Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambilobe=Ambilobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andapa=Andapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalaha=Antalaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambava=Sambava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bealanana=Bealanana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandritsara=Mandritsara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morafenobe=Morafenobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soalala=Soalala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Befandriana-Avaratra=Befandriana-Avaratra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe-aux-Trembles=Pointe-aux-Trembles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wivelshire=Wivelshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos_Station=San Marcos Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lockhart=Mount Lockhart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graton_Rancheria=Graton Rancheria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meliana=Meliana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrove_Park_Hospital=Musgrove Park Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakar_Dara=Shakar Dara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorswater=Moorswater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Smith=Mount Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caradon_Hill=Caradon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valancia=Valancia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traboe=Traboe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapperton,_Gloucestershire=Sapperton, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury,_New_Jersey=Asbury, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldansky_District=Aldansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patagonian_Desert=Patagonian Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somala=Somala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuma_Rock=Zuma Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Pleasant_Valley_Hospital=St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Medical_Center_(California)=St. John's Regional Medical Center (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulley=Ulley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnechere_Provincial_Park=Bonnechere Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howsham_railway_station,_North_Yorkshire=Howsham railway station, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Point_Shoal_Light=Sandy Point Shoal Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Medical_Center_(Missouri)=St. John's Regional Medical Center (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrington_Passage,_Nova_Scotia=Barrington Passage, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Freels_(Avalon)=Cape Freels (Avalon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner_Cable_Amphitheater=Time Warner Cable Amphitheater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Heights,_Edmonton=Beverly Heights, Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontrilas,_Saskatchewan=Pontrilas, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Kelvington_No._366=Rural Municipality of Kelvington No. 366
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebbsfleet,_Thanet=Ebbsfleet, Thanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Colorado_Springs,_Colorado=History of Colorado Springs, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_River_Country=Bridge River Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omineca_Country=Omineca Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dellach=Dellach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alasay_District=Alasay District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPR_Station_(Saskatoon)=CPR Station (Saskatoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camsell_Portage,_Saskatchewan=Camsell Portage, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuangqiao_District,_Chongqing=Shuangqiao District, Chongqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brabant_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Brabant Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dore_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Dore Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timber_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Timber Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molanosa,_Saskatchewan=Molanosa, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Bleiberg=Bad Bleiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paternion=Paternion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koh_Band_District=Koh Band District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartiers_Creek=Chartiers Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesa_Duwum_Kohistan_District=Hesa Duwum Kohistan District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesa_Awal_Kohistan_District=Hesa Awal Kohistan District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunyang_County=Yunyang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Mountain=Temple Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailhac=Mailhac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatacoa_Desert=Tatacoa Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Valley=Robson Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Route_4=Delaware Route 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swainby=Swainby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Islands=Willis Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aspasia_Point=Aspasia Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ashley=Mount Ashley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assistance_Bay=Assistance Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atherton_Peak=Atherton Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Glacier=Austin Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Head=Austin Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leon_Head=Leon Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Abrahamsen=Point Abrahamsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Olav_Harbour=Prince Olav Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Possession_Bay=Possession Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godthul=Godthul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Harbour=Ocean Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thatcher_Peninsula=Thatcher Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Edward_Cove=King Edward Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Island,_South_Georgia=Grass Island, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nechako_Country=Nechako Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erdenheim,_Pennsylvania=Erdenheim, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordon,_East_Riding_of_Yorkshire=Fordon, East Riding of Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Normann=Mount Normann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Disappointment_(South_Georgia)=Cape Disappointment (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Vahsel=Cape Vahsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iris_Bay=Iris Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Charlotte=Cape Charlotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Bay=Royal Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Harcourt=Cape Harcourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Andrews_Bay,_South_Georgia=St Andrews Bay, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Vakop=Cape Vakop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barff_Point=Barff Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barff_Peninsula=Barff Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hound_Bay=Hound Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sappho_Point=Sappho Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_East_Bay=Cumberland East Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_West_Bay=Cumberland West Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larsen_Point=Larsen Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna_Bay=Fortuna Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Peak=Jason Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Constance=Cape Constance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antarctic_Bay=Antarctic Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Wilson_(South_Georgia)=Cape Wilson (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Fjord=Sunset Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Buller=Cape Buller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Whale_Bay=Right Whale Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_North_(South_Georgia)=Cape North (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Bay=Church Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Paryadin=Cape Paryadin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schlieper_Bay=Schlieper Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Harbour=Wilson Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheapman_Bay=Cheapman Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomford_Peak=Bomford Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jossac_Bight=Jossac Bight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newark_Bay_(South_Georgia)=Newark Bay (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobsen_Bight=Jacobsen Bight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undine_Harbour=Undine Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Undine_South_Harbour=Undine South Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Bay_(South_Georgia)=Rocky Bay (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drygalski_Fjord=Drygalski Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_railway_line,_New_South_Wales=Newcastle railway line, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahmud_Raqi_District=Mahmud Raqi District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedoux,_Saskatchewan=Cedoux, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Paterson=Mount Paterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novosilski_Bay=Novosilski Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novosilski_Glacier=Novosilski Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindle_Glacier=Hindle Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Glacier=Ross Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Brooker=Mount Brooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fraser_(South_Georgia)=Mount Fraser (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brocken_(South_Georgia)=Brocken (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sugartop=Mount Sugartop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keilhau_Glacier=Keilhau Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neumayer_Glacier=Neumayer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmark_Glacier=Esmark Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paget_Glacier=Paget Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernhill=Hernhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nijrab_District=Nijrab District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tagab_District,_Kapisa=Tagab District, Kapisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_Hawley_House=Ephraim Hawley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Rivulet=Macquarie Rivulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walham_Green=Walham Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Valency=River Valency
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drakewalls=Drakewalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock,_South_Georgia=Black Rock, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Framnaes_Point=Framnaes Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peggotty_Bluff=Peggotty Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prion_Island=Prion Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Rosa=Cape Rosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Harbour=Gold Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Monument_(Chicago)=Victory Monument (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Humboldt_No._370=Rural Municipality of Humboldt No. 370
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarnawa_Dolna=Tarnawa Dolna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roodeplaat_Research_Laboratories=Roodeplaat Research Laboratories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_House=Canada House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salisbury_Plain,_South_Georgia=Salisbury Plain, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harker_Point=Harker Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islay_Province=Islay Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sabatier=Mount Sabatier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Islands=Samuel Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Leopard_Fjord=Sea Leopard Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollyhawk_Island=Mollyhawk Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_of_Isles=Bay of Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Harbour=Jason Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crean_Glacier=Crean Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyell_Glacier,_South_Georgia=Lyell Glacier, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pabay=Pabay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longay=Longay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinoosao,_Saskatchewan=Kinoosao, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Canobolas=Lake Canobolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Invisible_Island=Invisible Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjelstad_Pass=Gjelstad Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Globus=Mount Globus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gony_Point=Gony Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geikie_Glacier=Geikie Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graae_Glacier=Graae Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldcrest_Point=Goldcrest Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene_Peninsula=Greene Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Skerry=East Skerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Pass=Echo Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellerbeck_Peak=Ellerbeck Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35_East_Wacker=35 East Wacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warburton_Peak=Warburton Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_Glacier_(South_Georgia)=Webb Glacier (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weddell_Glacier=Weddell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Skerry=West Skerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler_Glacier=Wheeler Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilckens_Peaks=Wilckens Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Woodward=Mount Woodward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Worsley=Mount Worsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Skittle=Mount Skittle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrap_Skerries=Skrap Skerries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skua_Island=Skua Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smillie_Peak=Smillie Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Island=Crescent Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briggs_Glacier=Briggs Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trendall_Crag=Trendall Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Trident=The Trident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Birch_Hills_No._460=Rural Municipality of Birch Hills No. 460
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Shamrock_No._134=Rural Municipality of Shamrock No. 134
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitcher_Glacier=Twitcher Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyrrell_Glacier=Tyrrell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jomfruene=Jomfruene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrel_Island_(South_Georgia)=Petrel Island (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paulsen_Peak=Paulsen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Price Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proud_Island=Proud Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanner_Island=Tanner Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teal_Ponds=Teal Ponds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tern_Island,_South_Georgia=Tern Island, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Fjord=Moraine Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Kindersley_No._290=Rural Municipality of Kindersley No. 290
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Happyland_No._231=Rural Municipality of Happyland No. 231
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Stonehenge_No._73=Rural Municipality of Stonehenge No. 73
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Moose_Jaw_No._161=Rural Municipality of Moose Jaw No. 161
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Martin_No._122=Rural Municipality of Martin No. 122
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuday=Fuday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Blaine_Lake_No._434=Rural Municipality of Blaine Lake No. 434
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilean_Chaluim_Chille=Eilean Chaluim Chille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grace_Glacier=Grace Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertrab_Glacier=Bertrab Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elsehul=Elsehul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubtful_Bay=Doubtful Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ducloz_Head=Ducloz Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Cove=Cave Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Palace,_Zagreb=Presidential Palace, Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattriss_Head=Nattriss Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattriss_Point=Nattriss Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Glacier_(South_Georgia)=Cook Glacier (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hestesletten=Hestesletten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ernesto_Pass=Ernesto Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosita_Harbour=Rosita Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton_Valley_Countryside_Park=Seaton Valley Countryside Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_Loop_20=Texas State Highway Loop 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Eccleston=Great Eccleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anahim_Lake=Anahim Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chah_Dadkhoda_District=Chah Dadkhoda District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Desert=Monte Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R390_road_(Ireland)=R390 road (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Valley,_Saskatchewan=Stewart Valley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holbein,_Saskatchewan=Holbein, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Broadway=West Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barn_Bluff=Barn Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Via_Laietana,_Barcelona=Via Laietana, Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Hussar=The Gay Hussar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/70_Mile_House=70 Mile House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodman_Point=Dodman Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Land_Light=Erie Land Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porth_Navas=Porth Navas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Navas_Creek=Port Navas Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaha=Galaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parson's_Pond=Parson's Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sugar_Creek=Big Sugar Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_MacKenzie=Mount MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maker,_Cornwall=Maker, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orci=Orci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClintock_Point=McClintock Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Ice_Stream=Williams Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venable_Ice_Shelf=Venable Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allison_Peninsula=Allison Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Peninsula=Fletcher Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medipalle=Medipalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werrington,_Cornwall=Werrington, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiradi=Shiradi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowhurst,_Surrey=Crowhurst, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_3B=Ontario Highway 3B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albemarle_County,_North_Carolina=Albemarle County, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bath_County,_North_Carolina=Bath County, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Marble_Cemetery=New York City Marble Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Rock,_New_South_Wales_(Blue_Mountains)=Yellow Rock, New South Wales (Blue Mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tennent=Mount Tennent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grose_Vale,_New_South_Wales=Grose Vale, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooles_Island_Light=Pooles Island Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hensbarrow_Beacon=Hensbarrow Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Me_Down_Provincial_Park=Blow Me Down Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sisu=Mount Sisu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Back_Shore,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Back Shore, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barr'd_Harbour=Barr'd Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauline=Bauline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barren_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Barren Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartletts_Harbour=Bartletts Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Barton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bateau_Cove=Bateau Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noves=Noves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg_Brothers_Department_Store=Rosenberg Brothers Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsefly,_British_Columbia=Horsefly, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehouse,_New_Jersey=Whitehouse, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islip_(LIRR_station)=Islip (LIRR station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_83_in_Texas=U.S. Route 83 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_59_in_Texas=U.S. Route 59 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_281_in_Texas=U.S. Route 281 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_77_in_Texas=U.S. Route 77 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_84_in_Texas=U.S. Route 84 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Meadow_Lake_No._588=Rural Municipality of Meadow Lake No. 588
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soignolles-en-Brie=Soignolles-en-Brie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Cedar_Point_Light=Lower Cedar Point Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clisbako_Caldera_Complex=Clisbako Caldera Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breitscheidt=Breitscheidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khovd,_Khovd=Khovd, Khovd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg,_Germany=Carlsberg, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaniuki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kaniuki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portmellon=Portmellon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadzieja,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Nadzieja, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Beach_(New_South_Wales)=Jones Beach (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebble_Creek_Formation=Pebble Creek Formation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okalew,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Okalew, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagrera_railway_station=Sagrera railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Earth_(attraction)=Journey to the Center of the Earth (attraction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paintbrush_Canyon=Paintbrush Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulford=Pulford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butter_Pot_Provincial_Park=Butter Pot Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Hill,_County_Wexford=Tara Hill, County Wexford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolverne=Tolverne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Maurepas=Fort Maurepas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bau-Bau=Bau-Bau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apperley_Bridge=Apperley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominica=Dominica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_College_Avenue=McGill College Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickel=Dickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_Line=Cuckoo Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babbitt,_Nevada=Babbitt, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sopkarga_mammoth=Sopkarga mammoth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_Wall_Street=48 Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mpack,_Senegal=Mpack, Senegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall-Coplay_School_District=Whitehall-Coplay School District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Daiichi_Nuclear_Power_Plant=Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Daini_Nuclear_Power_Plant=Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby's_Harbour=Darby's Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Cove=Davis Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson's_Cove=Dawson's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Deep Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadman's_Cove=Deadman's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deep_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Deep Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Harbour=Deer Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Island,_Bonavista_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Deer Island, Bonavista Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delby's_Cove=Delby's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doctor's_Harbour=Doctor's Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Cove=Dog Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donovans,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Donovans, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Dunville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=East Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Eastern Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roundabout,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Roundabout, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moffat_Library=Moffat Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirvan=Nirvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffe_Vale,_Staffordshire=Cliffe Vale, Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodale_State_Park=Goodale State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westgate_Center=Westgate Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ugolini_Peak=Ugolini Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utopia_Glacier=Utopia Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ueda_Glacier=Ueda Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usas_Escarpment=Usas Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cove_Lake_State_Park=Cove Lake State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'t_Woudt='t Woudt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buxton_Watermill=Buxton Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lough_Tay=Lough Tay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llandow=Llandow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreraig=Boreraig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Creek=Burrell Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binarowa=Binarowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennewitz=Bennewitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allex=Allex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher's_Fields=Fletcher's Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cape Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriska=Eriska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probasco_Fountain=Probasco Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertramka=Bertramka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Barn=New Barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentworth_Estate=Wentworth Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longa_Island=Longa Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valea_Floriilor_River=Valea Floriilor River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Centre_Park=Town Centre Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewelers_Building_(1882)=Jewelers Building (1882)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(Erie_Railroad_station)=Aurora (Erie Railroad station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Bridge=Nelson Mandela Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galveston_Island_State_Park=Galveston Island State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trois-Rives,_Quebec=Trois-Rives, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wascana_Creek=Wascana Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillborough=Hillborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawtooth_Peak=Sawtooth Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbriar_Mall=Greenbriar Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Building_(Portland,_Oregon)=Wells Fargo Building (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodale_Park=Goodale Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Greene,_North_Carolina=Fort Greene, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treverva=Treverva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-Salut=Port-Salut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbarn=Newbarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Lake_(British_Columbia)=Elk Lake (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Connewarre=Lake Connewarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunda=Hunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pound_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pound Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Gulf_State_Park_(Missouri)=Grand Gulf State Park (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Ganilly=Great Ganilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gweal,_Isles_of_Scilly=Gweal, Isles of Scilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanzhou_District=Yanzhou District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugge_railway_station=Brugge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mexican_Plateau=Mexican Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valea_Florilor_River=Valea Florilor River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom_Hill_(Caltrain_station)=Blossom Hill (Caltrain station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fair Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Interchange_(Hutt_Central)_Railway_Station=Waterloo Interchange (Hutt Central) Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinchard's_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pinchard's Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baccalieu_Island_Ecological_Reserve=Baccalieu Island Ecological Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limelight_(Belfast)=The Limelight (Belfast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Harbour_(British_Columbia)=Victoria Harbour (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_Crest=Sierra Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kiszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Worcestershire=Clifton, Worcestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Hill,_Wiltshire=Box Hill, Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolmer_Hill=Woolmer Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allington,_North_Wiltshire=Allington, North Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck_Foot=Beck Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckfoot=Beckfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkenside,_Midlothian=Birkenside, Midlothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boothtown=Boothtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auchenreoch=Auchenreoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozica,_Croatia=Kozica, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Cleeve=Old Cleeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croaghaun=Croaghaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midhirst=Midhirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkstead=Kirkstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Derbyshire=Caldwell, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Linton=West Linton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Par_River,_Cornwall=Par River, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojanowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Trojanowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boswin=Boswin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boswyn=Boswyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Johnson_Bunche_House=Ralph Johnson Bunche House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Rocky_Mountains=Northern Rocky Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Choral_Synagogue=Grand Choral Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytton_Ferry=Lytton Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plate_Cove_East,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Plate Cove East, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malborough=Malborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsford,_Somerset=Winsford, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pambar_River=Pambar River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valea_Mare_River=Valea Mare River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gander_River=Gander River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_du_Nord_River=Bay du Nord River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sylvester=Mount Sylvester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twatt,_Orkney=Twatt, Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Mountain_(Disneyland)=Space Mountain (Disneyland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spring,_Pennsylvania=Silver Spring, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hambach,_Germany=Hambach, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choibalsan_(sum)=Choibalsan (sum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_Island=Glover Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheslay_River=Sheslay River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevarren=Trevarren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Canal=Columbia Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappointment_Mountain=Disappointment Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonagh,_Limerick_City=Coonagh, Limerick City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altai,_Govi-Altai=Altai, Govi-Altai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoa_Peak=Zoa Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breiwick=Breiwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marulan_Parish=Marulan Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliffe_Power_Station=Radcliffe Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mszana=Mszana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampstead_Gardens,_South_Australia=Hampstead Gardens, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambourne=Lambourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busen_Point=Busen Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledinghem=Ledinghem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maracena=Maracena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morval=Morval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pommier=Pommier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Quesnoy-en-Artois=Le Quesnoy-en-Artois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krug_Park_(amusement_park)=Krug Park (amusement park)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redefin=Redefin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabernas_Desert=Tabernas Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Ybor_City=History of Ybor City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemnitz=Kemnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Anguille,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cape Anguille, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadakkaanchery=Vadakkaanchery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldany_Island=Oldany Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton_House_(Seneca_Falls,_New_York)=Elizabeth Cady Stanton House (Seneca Falls, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Mills_Bridge_(New_York)=Halls Mills Bridge (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Covered_Bridge=Jackson Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Parish=Oru Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Gallinas,_California=Las Gallinas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_St._George,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cape St. George, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uphill=Uphill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sough,_Lancashire=Sough, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_County_wine=Mendocino County wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ann's_Hospital,_Dorset=St Ann's Hospital, Dorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanze=Lanze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_Ridge_AVA=Mendocino Ridge AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royton_railway_station=Royton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresillian=Tresillian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pylle_railway_station=Pylle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoltenberg=Stoltenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husby,_Germany=Husby, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirat=Cirat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogagua_Lake=Rogagua Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogaguado_Lake=Rogaguado Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreggers=Dreggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Schlossbach=Cape Schlossbach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie_Verte_Peninsula=Baie Verte Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walterston=Walterston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Theatre=Miller Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemess_Mine=Kemess Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull,_Cow_and_Calf=Bull, Cow and Calf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pozharsky_District=Pozharsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Palacios=Los Palacios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Hun=River Hun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolwich_railway_station=Woolwich railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shell_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Shell Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guisa=Guisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daejeon_Station=Daejeon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blakeney_Guildhall=Blakeney Guildhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_AVA=Mendocino AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shebartoo=Shebartoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerstown,_London=Summerstown, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorrigo_Plateau=Dorrigo Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookstown,_County_Cork=Crookstown, County Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumyk=Strumyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemielno=Jemielno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Big_Stick_No._141=Rural Municipality of Big Stick No. 141
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_The_Gap_No._39=Rural Municipality of The Gap No. 39
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Key_West_No._70=Rural Municipality of Key West No. 70
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Indian_Head_No._156=Rural Municipality of Indian Head No. 156
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrafirth=Burrafirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buscot=Buscot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-Marunouchi_Building=Shin-Marunouchi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penwithick=Penwithick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quiberon_Bay=Quiberon Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusty_Glaze=Lusty Glaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Beaver_River_No._622=Rural Municipality of Beaver River No. 622
http://dbpedia.org/resource/List_of_lakes_in_Yoho_National_Park=List of lakes in Yoho National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczyty,_Opole_Voivodeship=Szczyty, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayview,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bayview, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Duck_Cove,_Notre_Dame_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Duck Cove, Notre Dame Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Wild Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kettle_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Kettle Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Vale_of_White_Horse=Milton, Vale of White Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotia_Arc=Scotia Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiviken=Maiviken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlita_Bay=Carlita Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harpon_Bay=Harpon Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_Point=Dartmouth Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twillingate_Islands=Twillingate Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadakkancherry=Wadakkancherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fisht=Mount Fisht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faulder,_British_Columbia=Faulder, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudlands_railway_station=Maudlands railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teddington_Lifeboat_Station=Teddington Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Lane=Walker Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Hill=Brandon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazko=Nazko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannington_Manor_Provincial_Park=Cannington Manor Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Airport_(Sergipe)=Santa Maria Airport (Sergipe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomaszowice=Tomaszowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindister,_West_Mainland=Brindister, West Mainland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nova_River=Terra Nova River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1837_Great_Plains_smallpox_epidemic=1837 Great Plains smallpox epidemic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbanks-Hillgrade=Fairbanks-Hillgrade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobb's_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cobb's Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Newville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Indian Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Salt Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Michael's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gander_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gander Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoneville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Stoneville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappointment_Island=Disappointment Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debdeb=Debdeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Reno_No._51=Rural Municipality of Reno No. 51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazareth_Area_School_District=Nazareth Area School District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Lehigh_School_District=Southern Lehigh School District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wascana_Trail=Wascana Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodday,_Sound_of_Barra=Flodday, Sound of Barra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nave_Island=Nave Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quakertown_Community_School_District=Quakertown Community School District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BCA_Center=The BCA Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtown,_Chester=Newtown, Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Trail_Regional_Park=Carlton Trail Regional Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandusky,_Ohio=Sandusky, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stenness=Stenness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray's_Ferry=Ray's Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstrap_Ski_Hill=Blackstrap Ski Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakethin_Reservoir=Bakethin Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Gardens=Sky Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrovac,_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmaston,_Derbyshire_Dales=Osmaston, Derbyshire Dales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jude_Medical_Center=St. Jude Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Val_Marie_No._17=Rural Municipality of Val Marie No. 17
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Piapot_No._110=Rural Municipality of Piapot No. 110
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Wise_Creek_No._77=Rural Municipality of Wise Creek No. 77
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)_wine=Georgia (U.S. state) wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_wine=Delaware wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_wine=Montana wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Island,_Falkland_Islands=East Island, Falkland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirate_of_Afghanistan=Emirate of Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta,_California=Alta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excideuil=Excideuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maker-with-Rame=Maker-with-Rame
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastgate_Square=Eastgate Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concorde_Tower=Concorde Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbrook,_Lincolnshire=Sudbrook, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Hills=Crow Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Top=White Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Junction_railway_station=Abingdon Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebseb=Sebseb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunstable=Dunstable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azy=Azy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HMS_Nabberley=HMS Nabberley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrowyck,_New_South_Wales=Yarrowyck, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntsville_State_Park=Huntsville State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namal=Namal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_Cove-Lower_Cove-Jerry's_Nose=Ship Cove-Lower Cove-Jerry's Nose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_di_Val_Viola=Lago di Val Viola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Grove_Weir=Cedar Grove Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Pocket_Dam=Cedar Pocket Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliso_Creek_(Orange_County)=Aliso Creek (Orange County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beardy_Waters=Beardy Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southdown,_Cornwall=Southdown, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Throwley=RAF Throwley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jintang_Island=Jintang Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Baildon_No._131=Rural Municipality of Baildon No. 131
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Barrier_Valley_No._397=Rural Municipality of Barrier Valley No. 397
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Battle_River_No._438=Rural Municipality of Battle River No. 438
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackfoot_diatreme=Blackfoot diatreme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mark's_Episcopal_Church_(Washington,_D.C.)=St. Mark's Episcopal Church (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masada_(kibbutz)=Masada (kibbutz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sancharak=Sancharak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Encantada=La Encantada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabica_Glacier=Shabica Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shabtaie_Ice_Ridge=Shabtaie Ice Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shackleton_Gap=Shackleton Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Wolseley_No._155=Rural Municipality of Wolseley No. 155
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shackleton_Valley=Shackleton Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Shadbolt=Mount Shadbolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barique=Barique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaudineer_Knob=Gaudineer Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Horn,_Kentucky=Elk Horn, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hare_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Hare Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shag_Point=Shag Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shallop_Cove=Shallop Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrock_Hill=Shamrock Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shannon_Point=Shannon Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapeless_Mountain=Shapeless Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shapley_Ridge=Shapley Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Sharbonneau=Cape Sharbonneau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Fin=Shark Fin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shark_Fin_Glacier=Shark Fin Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharks_Tooth=Sharks Tooth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sharp_(Antarctica)=Mount Sharp (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharpend_Glacier=Sharpend Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Shattuck=Mount Shattuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Shear=Mount Shear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkad,_Hungary=Sarkad, Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrowitch,_New_South_Wales=Yarrowitch, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hab=Hab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Shenandoah_Valley_AVA=California Shenandoah Valley AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Indiana=Manchester, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest,_Indiana=Southwest, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph,_Floyd_County,_Indiana=Saint Joseph, Floyd County, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuensanta,_Albacete=Fuensanta, Albacete
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Winslow_No._319=Rural Municipality of Winslow No. 319
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Grassy_Creek_No._78=Rural Municipality of Grassy Creek No. 78
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osgodby,_Scarborough=Osgodby, Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Wold_Wind_Farm=Burton Wold Wind Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockyer_Island=Lockyer Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Admiralty_Sound=Admiralty Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Runton_Elephant=West Runton Elephant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berney_Arms_Windmill=Berney Arms Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Yarmouth_Row_Houses=Great Yarmouth Row Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Winch_Windmill=West Winch Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baradero=Baradero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weybourne_Windmill=Weybourne Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunsett_Mill=Hunsett Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boardman's_Windmill=Boardman's Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayrack_Drainage_Mill=Clayrack Drainage Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oso_Creek=Oso Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coliban_River=Coliban River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Harbour=Wells Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Lynn_Docks=King's Lynn Docks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Building_(Baltimore)=Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Althorp_(lost_settlement)=Althorp (lost settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunston_Cleves_or_Fawcliff=Braunston Cleves or Fawcliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunstonbury=Braunstonbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box,_Gloucestershire=Box, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canons_Ashby_(lost_settlement)=Canons Ashby (lost settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Cotton=Far Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coton,_Northamptonshire_(lost_settlement)=Coton, Northamptonshire (lost settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onley_(lost_settlement)=Onley (lost settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Pierre,_Quebec=Saint-Pierre, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muscott_(lost_settlement)=Muscott (lost settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherdi=Sherdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai-kan_of_the_National_Diet_Library=Kansai-kan of the National Diet Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chezelle=Chezelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Hospitalet,_Alpes-de-Haute-Provence=L'Hospitalet, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Eastern Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Tickle,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Eastern Tickle, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazaribagh_Thana=Hazaribagh Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Parallel_Rivers_of_Yunnan_Protected_Areas=Three Parallel Rivers of Yunnan Protected Areas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacks_Mountain=Jacks Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Road_Bridge_Halt_railway_station=Albert Road Bridge Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trerulefoot=Trerulefoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth_(Lancs)_railway_station=Portsmouth (Lancs) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borough_Hill_Roman_villa=Borough Hill Roman villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook's_Harbour=Cook's Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_Cove=Chance Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cow_Head=Cow Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleur_de_Lys,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fleur de Lys, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenburnie-Birchy_Head-Shoal_Brook=Glenburnie-Birchy Head-Shoal Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_le_Pierre=Grand le Pierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Cove_East=Goose Cove East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampden,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hampden, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heart's_Desire,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Heart's Desire, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Brook=Hughes Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irishtown-Summerside=Irishtown-Summerside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson's_Arm=Jackson's Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Scie=La Scie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leading_Tickles=Leading Tickles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bay_East=Little Bay East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Omaha=Port of Omaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIvers=McIvers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Brook=Main Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadows,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Meadows, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Cove=Miles Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millertown=Millertown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Arm,_Baie_Verte_Peninsula,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Middle Arm, Baie Verte Peninsula, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrisville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Morrisville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Moriah,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mount Moriah, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Perlican=New Perlican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Arm=Northern Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacquet=Pacquet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_au_Gaul=Point au Gaul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Parker's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Lance=Point Lance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_of_Bay=Point of Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_au_Port_East=Port au Port East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Anson=Port Anson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Rexton=Port Rexton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sally's_Cove=Sally's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Cove=Salmon Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvage,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Salvage, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandringham,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Sandringham, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=South Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Brendan's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Brendan's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Joseph's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Pauls,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Pauls, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Harbour=Southern Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Shott's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Shott's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westport,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Westport, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiteway,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Whiteway, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterland,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Winterland, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lushes_Bight-Beaumont-Beaumont_North=Lushes Bight-Beaumont-Beaumont North
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milltown-Head_of_Bay_d'Espoir=Milltown-Head of Bay d'Espoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witless_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Witless Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Carmel-Mitchells_Brook-St._Catherines=Mount Carmel-Mitchells Brook-St. Catherines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman's_Cove-Long_Cove=Norman's Cove-Long Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jacques-Coomb's_Cove=St. Jacques-Coomb's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Vincent's-St._Stephen's-Peter's_River=St. Vincent's-St. Stephen's-Peter's River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seldom-Little_Seldom=Seldom-Little Seldom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Cove,_Fortune_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Seal Cove, Fortune Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Cove,_White_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Seal Cove, White Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohr,_Bas-Rhin=Lohr, Bas-Rhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agris=Agris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madera_AVA=Madera AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Roper=Mount Roper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airy_Glacier=Airy Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Charwelton_(lost_settlement)=Church Charwelton (lost settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurlaston,_Leicestershire=Thurlaston, Leicestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuvicq=Neuvicq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Green_Mill,_Hindringham=Lower Green Mill, Hindringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer's_Drainage_Windmill=Palmer's Drainage Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambron=Cambron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thrigby_Windmill=Thrigby Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushton,_Northamptonshire=Rushton, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheathbill_Bay=Sheathbill Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep_Point=Sheep Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheer_Point=Sheer Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelter_Point=Shelter Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelton_Head=Shelton Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelton_Nunataks=Shelton Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepard_Cliff=Shepard Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepherd_Dome=Shepherd Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheppard_Rocks=Sheppard Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan_Peak=Sheridan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibuya_Peak=Shibuya Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canari=Canari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Brion,_West_Virginia=O'Brion, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsam_Mountain_(Ulster_County,_New_York)=Balsam Mountain (Ulster County, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Norfolk_District_Council_Headquarters=North Norfolk District Council Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Roger=Cape Roger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shield_Nunatak=Shield Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimizu_Ice_Stream=Shimizu Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shimmering_Icefield=Shimmering Icefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ship_Cone=Ship Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipwreck_Moraine=Shipwreck Moraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Shirley=Mount Shirley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipton_Ridge=Shipton Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canim_Lake,_British_Columbia=Canim Lake, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Mills,_Cornwall=Sea Mills, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Lunaire_Bay=St. Lunaire Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fussy=Fussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darois=Darois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cassagne=La Cassagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornille=Cornille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsec=Monsec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mancenans-Lizerne=Mancenans-Lizerne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courdimanche-sur-Essonne=Courdimanche-sur-Essonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourdeaux=Bourdeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otse=Otse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavinchove=Bavinchove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussay=Pussay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse=Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Longeville=La Longeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longeville=Longeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vennes=Vennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dernancourt=Dernancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_Halt_railway_station=Farringdon Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabastens=Rabastens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Mountain_(British_Columbia)=Crystal Mountain (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Creek_(British_Columbia)=Coal Creek (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Park_Railway_Station,_Gracefield=Hutt Park Railway Station, Gracefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huby,_Harrogate=Huby, Harrogate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kweneng=Kweneng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambanja_District=Ambanja District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senonnes=Senonnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassagne=Cassagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lhor=Lhor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Township,_Clark_County,_Kansas=Lexington Township, Clark County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brian_Farm=Brian Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groundbirch=Groundbirch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robson_Glacier=Robson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsam_Lake_Mountain=Balsam Lake Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sachigo_Lake_First_Nation=Sachigo Lake First Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Town,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Halls Town, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Buffett,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Harbour Buffett, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgeon_Lake_First_Nation=Sturgeon Lake First Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Park_Railway_Station,_Petone=Hutt Park Railway Station, Petone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morsiglia=Morsiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paynton=Paynton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lempdes-sur-Allagnon=Lempdes-sur-Allagnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Junien-les-Combes=Saint-Junien-les-Combes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailhac-sur-Benaize=Mailhac-sur-Benaize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabastens-de-Bigorre=Rabastens-de-Bigorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seich=Seich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faure_Islands=Faure Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray-la-Ville=Gray-la-Ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatton_of_Fintray=Hatton of Fintray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_Highway_1=Puerto Rico Highway 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabyan_Windmill=Fabyan Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reese_Technology_Center=Reese Technology Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-de-Livoye=Notre-Dame-de-Livoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embree_Glacier=Embree Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_River_(British_Columbia)=Simpson River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germiny=Germiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomblaine=Tomblaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coulours=Coulours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmunster=Valmunster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volmunster=Volmunster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Bridge=Walnut Lane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmacha=Yarmacha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glendon_(lost_settlement)=Glendon (lost settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wythmail=Wythmail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lempdes=Lempdes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenville,_Quebec=Grenville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repel=Repel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montcenis=Montcenis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Edmond=Saint-Edmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Polzeath=New Polzeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevanson=Trevanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethabara_Moravian_Church=Bethabara Moravian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Vale=Perry Vale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polbrock=Polbrock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andapa_District=Andapa District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalaha_District=Antalaha District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambava_District=Sambava District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vohemar_District=Vohemar District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Route=Green Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Holes_Cross=Three Holes Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pityme=Pityme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splatt,_Cornwall=Splatt, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tredrizzick=Tredrizzick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Range=Gold Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandritsara_District=Mandritsara District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Befandriana-Nord_District=Befandriana-Nord District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analalava_District=Analalava District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bealanana_District=Bealanana District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nansha_District=Nansha District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zengcheng_District=Zengcheng District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagano_Scenic_Railway=Sagano Scenic Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courdimanche=Courdimanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louvres=Louvres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chapelle,_Savoie=La Chapelle, Savoie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand-Couronne=Grand-Couronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulineaux=Moulineaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit-Couronne=Petit-Couronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrhill,_South_Ayrshire=Barrhill, South Ayrshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyrole=Peyrole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayrum=Ayrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karchaghbyur=Karchaghbyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmarashen=Marmarashen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kylemore,_Saskatchewan=Kylemore, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soalala_District=Soalala District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsinjo_District=Mitsinjo District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kineton_railway_station=Kineton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wells_Fargo_Center=One Wells Fargo Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antsalova_District=Antsalova District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besalampy_District=Besalampy District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maintirano_District=Maintirano District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morafenobe_District=Morafenobe District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounds_Mountain=Rounds Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Bar_Ferry=Low Bar Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bar_Ferry=Big Bar Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_la_Hache,_British_Columbia=Lac la Hache, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_St._Gregory=Cape St. Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_St._Francis_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Cape St. Francis (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemington_Power_Station=Lemington Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder_Lake=Boulder Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Lake,_Minnesota=Sandy Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_au_Port_Bay=Port au Port Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Creek=Monte Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John_Bay=St. John Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pistolet_Bay=Pistolet Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ha_Ha_Bay=Ha Ha Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bighorn,_British_Columbia=Bighorn, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Orange Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hat_Creek_(British_Columbia)=Hat Creek (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Confusion_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Confusion Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Green Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spillimacheen=Spillimacheen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trepassey_Bay=Trepassey Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Islands_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Penguin Islands (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Bar=Foster Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambia,_Mahabo=Ambia, Mahabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shockey_Peak=Shockey Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoemake_Nunatak=Shoemake Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoemaker_Peak=Shoemaker Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoemaker_Point=Shoemaker Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shomo_Rock=Shomo Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoulder_Mountain=Shoulder Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Showers=Mount Showers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrove_Point=Shrove Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shultz_Peak=Shultz Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuman_Glacier=Shuman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shupe_Peak=Shupe Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sickle_Ridge=Sickle Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siefker_Ridge=Siefker Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemiatkowski_Glacier=Siemiatkowski Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siglin_Rocks=Siglin Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikorski_Glacier=Sikorski Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silk_Glacier=Silk Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregatillian=Tregatillian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connaigre,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Connaigre, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Meadows_Reservoir=French Meadows Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Country=Columbia Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuswap_Country=Shuswap Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisbet_Provincial_Forest=Nisbet Provincial Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Seven=River Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_Trees=Crooked Trees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simmons_Glacier=Simmons Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Simmons=Mount Simmons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simoom_Hill=Simoom Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Bluff=Simpson Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Crags=Simpson Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Head=Simpson Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton,_Saskatchewan=Fenton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis,_Saskatchewan=Davis, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Gateway=London Gateway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onondaga_Park=Onondaga Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Riche=Point Riche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Bay=Halls Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Plaza_(Sacramento)=U.S. Bank Plaza (Sacramento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Arm=Bull Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkare_Woods,_California=Kilkare Woods, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deception_Glacier=Deception Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debenham_Glacier=Debenham Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Nunataks=Dean Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tissamaharama=Tissamaharama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamagata_Ridge=Yamagata Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yancey_Glacier=Yancey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yates_Glacier=Yates Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yee_Nunataks=Yee Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowstone_Crags=Yellowstone Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Yevgenov=Cape Yevgenov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yochelson_Ridge=Yochelson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoder_Glacier=Yoder Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoshida_Bluff=Yoshida Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Glacier=Young Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Hill=Young Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trio_Nunataks=Trio Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripp_Bay=Tripp Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripp_Ice_Tongue=Tripp Ice Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripp_Island=Tripp Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavis_Peak=Zavis Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Zeigler=Mount Zeigler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeller_Glacier=Zeller Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zephyr_Glacier=Zephyr Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zenker_Ridge=Zenker Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zero_Point_(geography)=Zero Point (geography)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zetland_Glacier=Zetland Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziegler_Point=Ziegler Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zigzag_Pass=Zigzag Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zilch_Cliffs=Zilch Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinberg_Glacier=Zinberg Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabre_Rock=Sabre Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Ridge=Sabrina Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Valley=Sabrina Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saburro_Peak=Saburro Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_Bight=Sacramento Bight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_Bluff=Saddle Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zohn_Nunataks=Zohn Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zoller_Glacier=Zoller Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonda_Glacier=Zonda Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zonda_Towers=Zonda Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuhn_Bluff=Zuhn Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zumberge_Coast=Zumberge Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Zumberge=Cape Zumberge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuncich_Hill=Zuncich Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El-Sayed_Glacier=El-Sayed Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctowski_Peak=Arctowski Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gain_Glacier=Gain Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Supporting_Party_Mountain=Supporting Party Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surprise_Spur=Surprise Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Survey_Isthmus=Survey Isthmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susa_Point=Susa Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Point=Discovery Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szielasko_Ice_Cap=Szielasko Ice Cap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szabo_Bluff=Szabo Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibarra_Peak=Ibarra Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icefall_Nunatak=Icefall Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icenhower_Ridge=Icenhower Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ickes_Mountains=Ickes Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illusion_Point=Illusion Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imshaug_Peninsula=Imshaug Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inan_Peak=Inan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Hills=Independence Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Inderbitzen=Mount Inderbitzen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inferno_Ridge=Inferno Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inman_Nunatak=Inman Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Bay=Inner Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Lee_Island=Inner Lee Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Reef=Inner Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspiration_Rocks=Inspiration Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Intrusive_Spur=Intrusive Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Irizar=Cape Irizar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Washington=Cape Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Irving Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Point=Irving Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isaacson_Point=Isaacson Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isakson_Nunatak=Isakson Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isbrecht_Glacier=Isbrecht Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isca_Valley=Isca Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Isherwood=Mount Isherwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islet_Point=Islet Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isocline_Hill=Isocline Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ituna_Valley=Ituna Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivory_Tower_(Antarctica)=Ivory Tower (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobel_Glacier=Jacobel Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hershey_Ridge=Hershey Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobs_Nunatak=Jacobs Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Smithfield=East Smithfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylwester_Glacier=Sylwester Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syrstad_Rock=Syrstad Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobs_Peak=Jacobs Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobsen_Head=Jacobsen Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacoby_Glacier=Jacoby Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaeger_Hills=Jaeger Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Nunatak=James Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emmanuel_Glacier=Emmanuel Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ems_Rock=Ems Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Endeavour_Massif=Endeavour Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pa_Tio_Tio_Gap=Pa Tio Tio Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Endeavour=Mount Endeavour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engebretson_Peak=Engebretson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engel_Peaks=Engel Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engelhardt_Ice_Ridge=Engelhardt Ice Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyeglass_Cirque=Eyeglass Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exum_Glacier=Exum Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Express_Cove=Express Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlin_District=Atlin District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haag_Nunataks=Haag Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadley_Peak=Hadley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadley_Point=Hadley Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagey_Ridge=Hagey Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggerty_Hill=Haggerty Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aztec_Mountain=Aztec Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ayres=Mount Ayres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Axworthy=Mount Axworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Axtell=Mount Axtell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aviation_Islands=Aviation Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_Ridge=Avalanche Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_Bay=Avalanche Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Valley=Austin Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auster_Pass=Auster Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_Heights=Aurora Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auriga_Nunataks=Auriga Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auger_Hill=Auger Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augen_Bluffs=Augen Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottam,_Nottinghamshire=Cottam, Nottinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Atwood=Mount Atwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Atkinson=Mount Atkinson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atka_Glacier=Atka Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Atholl=Mount Atholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astro_Glacier=Astro Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asman_Ridge=Asman Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arlington=The Arlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daynah=Daynah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Point=Pacific Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_City_Hall_(Guelph)=Old City Hall (Guelph)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muir_Peak=Muir Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Abbott_(Antarctica)=Mount Abbott (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canwe=Cape Canwe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abele_Nunatak=Abele Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abendroth_Peak=Abendroth Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abus_Valley=Abus Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acarospora_Peak=Acarospora Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Access_Slope=Access Slope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telemeter_Glacier=Telemeter Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ackerman_Ridge=Ackerman Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acorn_Rock=Acorn Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acosta_Glacier=Acosta Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acrid_Point=Acrid Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Acton=Mount Acton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Bluff=Adams Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapta_Falls=Wapta Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton_House_(Tenafly,_New_Jersey)=Elizabeth Cady Stanton House (Tenafly, New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Glacier_(Victoria_Land)=Adams Glacier (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams_Rocks=Adams Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Adkins=Mount Adkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adventure_Point=Adventure Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_Beach_(South_Georgia)=Brighton Beach (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Aeolus_(Antarctica)=Mount Aeolus (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Schwerdtfeger=Mount Schwerdtfeger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahrnsbrak_Glacier=Ahrnsbrak Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aiken_Glacier=Aiken Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Airdevronsix_Icefalls=Airdevronsix Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Canyon=Alaska Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albatross_Crest=Albatross Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alberich_Glacier=Alberich Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albrecht_Penck_Glacier=Albrecht Penck Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Aldaz=Mount Aldaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Spur=White Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_California=Laurel, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heligan_estate=Heligan estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Shop,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Old Shop, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmond,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Osmond, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Regan's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=O'Regan's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otterbury=Otterbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsons_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Parsons Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petley,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Petley, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philips_Head,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Philips Head, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pigeon_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pigeon Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikes_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pikes Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasantville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pleasantville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Island_River-Point_au_Mal=Fox Island River-Point au Mal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plum_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Plum Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Mille=Harbour Mille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Round,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Harbour Round, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harcourt,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Harcourt, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harry's_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Harry's Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchet_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hatchet Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatchet_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hatchet Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hay Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Head's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Head's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heatherton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Heatherton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hibb's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hibb's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickman's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hickman's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highlands,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Highlands, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiscock's_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hiscock's Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodderville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hodderville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodge's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hodge's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Grande=Mesa Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoop_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hoop Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopeall,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Hopeall, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_La_Hune=Cape La Hune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunfield,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Dunfield, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Elliott's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emily_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Emily Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exploits,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Exploits, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Haven,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fair Haven, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairbank,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fairbank, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Cleer=St Cleer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prade=Prade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswego_Lake=Oswego Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania=Scania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadobrova=Zadobrova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilafranca=Vilafranca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Hills=Simpson Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Simpson=Mount Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prahl_Crags=Prahl Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pranke_Island=Pranke Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prebble_Icefalls=Prebble Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Press=Mount Press
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_Bluff=Price Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pricker=The Pricker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prickly_Ridge=Prickly Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Price_Peak=Price Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Pride=Cape Pride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Priddy_Glacier=Priddy Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Priestley_(Antarctica)=Mount Priestley (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Edward_Glacier=Prince Edward Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Philip_Glacier=Prince Philip Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Prince=Mount Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Anne_Glacier=Princess Anne Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prior_Cliff=Prior Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prior_Island=Prior Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prism_Ridge=Prism Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pritchard_Peak=Pritchard Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Procyon_Peaks=Procyon Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Profile_Bluff=Profile Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promenade_Screes=Promenade Screes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Projection_Peak=Projection Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Glacier=Prospect Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pryor_Cliff=Pryor Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszewski_Island=Przybyszewski Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pudding_Butte=Pudding Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narborough_Bone_Mill=Narborough Bone Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryston_railway_station=Ryston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolferton_railway_station=Wolferton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawther_Knoll=Lawther Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson_Nunataks=Lawson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peninsula_Link=Peninsula Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schulenburg,_Texas=Schulenburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunia_Camp,_Hawaii=Kunia Camp, Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Energy_Tower_(Houston)=Devon Energy Tower (Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Canyon=Albert Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hempstead_Watermill=Hempstead Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont,_Capitale-Nationale,_Quebec=Clermont, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Encampment=Boat Encampment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Ange-Gardien,_Outaouais,_Quebec=L'Ange-Gardien, Outaouais, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Ange-Gardien,_Capitale-Nationale,_Quebec=L'Ange-Gardien, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Mease=River Mease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pass_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pass Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermitage_Bay=Hermitage Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letheringsett_Watermill=Letheringsett Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glandford_Watermill=Glandford Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiden_Island=Maiden Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton,_Waverley=Compton, Waverley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ange-Gardien,_Quebec=Ange-Gardien, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauldwell,_Derbyshire=Cauldwell, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Josaphat_Cathedral=St. Josaphat Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letheringsett_Brewery_watermill=Letheringsett Brewery watermill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuba,_California=Yuba, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Divide_Peak_(Tulare_County,_California)=Triple Divide Peak (Tulare County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narewka=Narewka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mackintosh=Mount Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitchurch_Town_railway_station=Whitchurch Town railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gander_Bay=Gander Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreton's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Moreton's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brilliant_Dam=Brilliant Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindorim-dong=Sindorim-dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang-dong=Hang-dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritriva=Tritriva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gusin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadjezierze,_Otwock_County=Nadjezierze, Otwock County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambia,_Ihosy=Ambia, Ihosy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glanford_Brigg_Power_Station=Glanford Brigg Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Municipal_Airport=Philadelphia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Plantation_(Halifax_County,_Virginia)=Brandon Plantation (Halifax County, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John's_Jerusalem=St John's Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leofeld,_Saskatchewan=Leofeld, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iakora_District=Iakora District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihosy_District=Ihosy District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivohibe_District=Ivohibe District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meskanaw,_Saskatchewan=Meskanaw, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Springs,_Saskatchewan=Crystal Springs, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Fifth_Avenue_Plaza=Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont_Pill=Pont Pill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinacate_Peaks=Pinacate Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batorampon_Point=Batorampon Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summercourt_fair=Summercourt fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenacres,_California=Greenacres, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyson_Wash=Tyson Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenada=Grenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faroe_Islands=Faroe Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eritrea=Eritrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savana=Savana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulda,_Saskatchewan=Fulda, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Arm=Aaron Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Island=Aaron Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnensky_District=Krasnensky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minichinas_Hills=Minichinas Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blakeney_Windmill=Blakeney Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starston_Windpump=Starston Windpump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henley,_Suffolk=Henley, Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madinaguda=Madinaguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slieve_Gallion=Slieve Gallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raspberry,_British_Columbia=Raspberry, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fenner_House=Thomas Fenner House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_Laboratory_and_Bureau=Volta Laboratory and Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Street_Station=South Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wensley,_Derbyshire=Wensley, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moande=Moande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Fork,_West_Virginia=Clear Fork, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simon_Fraser_Bridge=Simon Fraser Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Taphouse=East Taphouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Lifeboat_Station=Tower Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadwallader_Creek=Cadwallader Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondo,_Central_African_Republic=Gondo, Central African Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudobin_Islands=Kudobin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Islands_(Aleutians_East)=Seal Islands (Aleutians East)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_Prestonpans,_East_Lothian=Preston, Prestonpans, East Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Plaza=River Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulkowo=Lulkowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremethick_Cross=Tremethick Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayding_Lake=Ayding Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Power_Station=Blyth Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izvoarele,_Giurgiu=Izvoarele, Giurgiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapton,_Derbyshire=Tapton, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton_Valley=Pemberton Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicola_Country=Nicola Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serugudi=Serugudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Rocks=Middle Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River_(Cariboo_River)=Little River (Cariboo River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Aston=Cold Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_In_Hand=Cross In Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogden,_British_Columbia=Ogden, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duraj=Duraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymboida_River=Nymboida River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Art_Museum_of_China=National Art Museum of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_d'Est=Bay d'Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bickle_Knob=Bickle Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universalist_Society_Meetinghouse=Universalist Society Meetinghouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Indiana=Richland, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_Indiana=Rome, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell,_California=Burrell, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Hommet_10.5_cm_Coastal_Defence_Gun_Casement_Bunker=Fort Hommet 10.5 cm Coastal Defence Gun Casement Bunker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanaka_Bar=Kanaka Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callington,_South_Australia=Callington, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longsheng_Rice_Terrace=Longsheng Rice Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klingle_Valley_Bridge=Klingle Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemlock_Stone=Hemlock Stone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horwood,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Horwood, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Indian Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Cove,_Notre_Dame_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Indian Cove, Notre Dame Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount,_New_Jersey=Fairmount, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Inny,_Cornwall=River Inny, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Aqueduct=Avon Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royston_and_Notton_railway_station=Royston and Notton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Merritt's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Stadium=Los Angeles Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_River_(Liard_River)=Beaver River (Liard River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxpan,_Jalisco=Tuxpan, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_River=Holmes River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Nkwala=Mount Nkwala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shingle_Creek,_British_Columbia=Shingle Creek, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutherland_River=Sutherland River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonza=Bonza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HathiTrust=HathiTrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canim_Falls=Canim Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Cleveland=Port of Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton_Pass=Pemberton Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railroad_Pass_(British_Columbia)=Railroad Pass (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latambar=Latambar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klootchman_Canyon=Klootchman Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Golden_Dreams=River of Golden Dreams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interlakes=Interlakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjirak_(Afghanistan)=Anjirak (Afghanistan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Clinton_Historic_District=Downtown Clinton Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cache_Creek_(British_Columbia)=Cache Creek (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canim_River=Canim River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_Creek_(British_Columbia)=Bridge Creek (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basalt_Falls=Basalt Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lava_Canyon=Lava Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Creek_Canyon=Big Creek Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farwell_Canyon=Farwell Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giscome_Canyon=Giscome Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Bar_Canyon=French Bar Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beggerlay_Canyon=Beggerlay Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blueberry_River_(British_Columbia)=Blueberry River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaeberry_Falls=Blaeberry Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deserters_Canyon=Deserters Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Hope_Valley=New Hope Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagwilget_Canyon=Hagwilget Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'Ksan='Ksan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cawsand_Bay=Cawsand Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gitanyow=Gitanyow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagwilget=Hagwilget
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estella_Mine=Estella Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_County_Library_System=Riverside County Library System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caja_del_Rio=Caja del Rio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cocks=Mount Cocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_Halt_railway_station=Black Rock Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Lake=Austin Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Goszczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_de_Asis_Mission_Church=San Francisco de Asis Mission Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirari_Desert=Tirari Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniester_Hydroelectric_Station=Dniester Hydroelectric Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorton-Greene_House=Gorton-Greene House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewey,_Utah=Dewey, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudunki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rudunki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajetanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kajetanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobielice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kobielice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czekanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czekanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszyny,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kruszyny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gortatowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gortatowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karbowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karbowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niewierz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Niewierz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzozie,_Brodnica_County=Brzozie, Brodnica County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koziary,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Koziary, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Budziszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujawa,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kujawa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzygi,_Brodnica_County=Strzygi, Brodnica County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obi,_Nigeria=Obi, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodniczka,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Brodniczka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciche,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ciche, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godziszka,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Godziszka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szramowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szramowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanyang_County=Shanyang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarvis_Bay=Jarvis Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dents_Blanches=Dents Blanches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Belknap_(Texas)=Fort Belknap (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Reptowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandrowiec,_Gmina_Dobrcz=Aleksandrowiec, Gmina Dobrcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drzewianowo,_Bydgoszcz_County=Drzewianowo, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salno,_Bydgoszcz_County=Salno, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srebrnica,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Srebrnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuszyny,_Bydgoszcz_County=Tuszyny, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Januszkowo,_Bydgoszcz_County=Januszkowo, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolankowo,_Bydgoszcz_County=Kolankowo, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maksymilianowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maksymilianowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouangolodougou,_Ivory_Coast=Ouangolodougou, Ivory Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strzelewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielonczyn,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zielonczyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otorowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Otorowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorzuchowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gorzuchowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybieniec,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rybieniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodzone,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rodzone, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomin,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radomin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Orlando_Wheel=Great Orlando Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Qiniya=Ein Qiniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourdough_Lodge=Sourdough Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Hermanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Jankowice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nowe Jankowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Mosty=Nowe Mosty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rychnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Widlice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mleczkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mleczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klepary=Klepary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cykowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Cykowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rycerzewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rycerzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziaki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Budziaki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdaleniec,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Magdaleniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiek_Wielki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Osiek Wielki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rucewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rucewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalin,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Chalin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Glewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbyszewo=Zbyszewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walentowo,_Lipno_County=Walentowo, Lipno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karnkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolankowo,_Lipno_County=Kolankowo, Lipno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suminek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suminek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunnan_District=Hunnan District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ootischenia=Ootischenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troll_Ski_Resort=Troll Ski Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artimet=Artimet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khachaghbyur=Khachaghbyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmashen=Marmashen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mets_Ayrum=Mets Ayrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlinek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Berlinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wysoki_Most,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wysoki Most, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchary,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suchary, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszewko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobieszewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromadno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gromadno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadwigowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jadwigowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlinek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Orlinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyPoint=SkyPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salut=Salut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevaqar=Sevaqar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevkar=Sevkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsav,_Armenia=Tsav, Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipers_Hole_River_Provincial_Park=Pipers Hole River Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchman_Butte=Frenchman Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammond's_Knoll=Hammond's Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przysiek,_Gmina_Dobre=Przysiek, Gmina Dobre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bycz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bycz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gradowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Palczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwilno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kwilno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skibin=Skibin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galonki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Galonki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paniewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Paniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okalewo=Okalewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoraczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoraczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dworzysko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dworzysko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topolinek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Topolinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biechowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Biechowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Siemkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabijak,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zabijak, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagniewko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bagniewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hindlip_Hall=Hindlip Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browina,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Browina, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzywna,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grzywna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawra,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nawra, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijaszkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kijaszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedwabno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jedwabno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanino,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopanino, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeczno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeczno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszewice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Silno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szerokie,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szerokie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haisborough_Sands=Haisborough Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willington_(Bedfordshire)_railway_station=Willington (Bedfordshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bladowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_Lasem,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pod Lasem, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzozie,_Tuchola_County=Brzozie, Tuchola County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_Island,_Falkland_Islands=Passage Island, Falkland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchucin,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motyl,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Motyl, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grochowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grochowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przymuszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przymuszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieszczyce,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wieszczyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trutnowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trutnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczuplinki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szczuplinki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartoszewice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bartoszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzciano,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzciano, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Boniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuczyna,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kuczyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machnacz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Machnacz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celo_Knob=Celo Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulks_Volcanic_Belt=Tulks Volcanic Belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alford_Town_railway_station=Alford Town railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_railway_station=Waltham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmatsalu=Ilmatsalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roela=Roela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czepiec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czepiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowiczki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wilkowiczki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabianki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Fabianki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modzerowo,_Gmina_Izbica_Kujawska=Modzerowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzewie,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krzewie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juncewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Juncewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obiecanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Obiecanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubcz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubcz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzym,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rzym, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roane,_Virginia=Roane, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixie_Valley=Dixie Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Landing,_Virginia=Scotland Landing, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Richmond,_Virginia=Port Richmond, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnsons_Corner,_Virginia=Johnsons Corner, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulceby,_North_Lincolnshire=Ulceby, North Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mielenko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mielenko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyjma,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przyjma, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Starczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samostrzel,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Samostrzel, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzicz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radzicz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowiska,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchowiska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawroniec,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gawroniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzciany,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzciany, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzyszkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Borzyszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dalkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorotowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dorotowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florianowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Florianowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ratowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwarthirunagar=Alwarthirunagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friend_to_Friend_Masonic_Memorial=Friend to Friend Masonic Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakowiska,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Rakowiska, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sycyna,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Sycyna, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droblin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Droblin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przychody,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Przychody, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kijowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlas,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Podlas, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadrzecze,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Nadrzecze, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczyce,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Rzeczyce, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzywice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Krzywice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garakan=Garakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlinton=Westlinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarniak,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Sarniak, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poczekajka,_Gmina_Ruda-Huta=Poczekajka, Gmina Ruda-Huta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chylin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Chylin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terenin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Terenin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Turowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Bielin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obrowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Obrowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielaki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Pielaki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkowice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Turkowice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borownica,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Borownica, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikule,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Pikule, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinie,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Malinie, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potok_Wielki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Potok Wielki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Connor_Nunataks=O'Connor Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Connor_Peak=O'Connor Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brusturi,_Bihor=Brusturi, Bihor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirali=Sirali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adugodi=Adugodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontera_Hidalgo=Frontera Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocese_of_Lucknow_of_the_Church_of_North_India=Diocese of Lucknow of the Church of North India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Oregon=Laurel, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skeena_Country=Skeena Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dworzyska,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Dworzyska, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majdan_Krynicki,_Krasnystaw_County=Majdan Krynicki, Krasnystaw County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchy,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Mchy, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrzyca,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Ostrzyca, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliniska,_Krasnystaw_County=Gliniska, Krasnystaw County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Bzowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Joanin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozieniec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kozieniec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowina,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wierzchowina, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zofipole,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Zofipole, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynemouth_power_station=Lynemouth power station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerkiesy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czerkiesy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazurki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Mazurki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubinowo=Lubinowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopytkowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kopytkowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polkowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Polkowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barszczewo,_Gmina_Choroszcz=Barszczewo, Gmina Choroszcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czaplino,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czaplino, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krynice,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Krynice, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letniki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Letniki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marynki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Marynki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieczonka,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Pieczonka, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalesiany,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Zalesiany, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelmachowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Stelmachowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurowce,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Jurowce, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybniki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Rybniki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaniuki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kaniuki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Laszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatiron_Building_(San_Francisco)=Flatiron Building (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Holmes=Mount Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letart,_West_Virginia=Letart, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewki,_Bielsk_County=Lewki, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasynki,_Bielsk_County=Pasynki, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bodaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekluki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Siekluki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sielc,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Sielc, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domanowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Domanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersnowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kiersnowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietraszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Pietraszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszele,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Koszele, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paszkowszczyzna,_Bielsk_County=Paszkowszczyzna, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Falki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatki,_Bielsk_County=Ignatki, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczepany,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szczepany, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szpaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szpaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czachy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerwonki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czerwonki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kownatki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kownatki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikuty,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Mikuty, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okrasin,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Okrasin, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racibory,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Racibory, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciszewo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Ciszewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuligi,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kuligi, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turczyn,_Grajewo_County=Turczyn, Grajewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzury,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bzury, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policzna,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Policzna, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimochy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Cimochy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwanki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Iwanki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokowe,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bokowe, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnatowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Gnatowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golanki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Golanki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurkowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kurkowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosochate=Rosochate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirna_(Croatia)=Mirna (Croatia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziski,_Kolno_County=Budziski, Kolno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cwaliny,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Cwaliny, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimna,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Zimna, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burzyn,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Burzyn, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyliny,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Chyliny, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarzyce,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Konarzyce, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czartoria,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czartoria, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podosie,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Podosie, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Sulki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzewo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Krzewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doliwy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Doliwy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierciszewo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Wierciszewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzie,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kuzie, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulesze,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kulesze, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budne,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Budne, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnystok,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czarnystok, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunty,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Zygmunty, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekle,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Rekle, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyszowate,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Wyszowate, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wysoki_Most,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Wysoki Most, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelwa,_Sejny_County=Zelwa, Sejny County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlinek,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Orlinek, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciemno,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Ciemno, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrowola,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Dobrowola, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zdrapy,_Lublin_County=Zdrapy, Lublin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzynice=Skrzynice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moszna,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Moszna, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szerokie,_Lublin_County=Szerokie, Lublin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawka,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kawka, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degucie,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Degucie, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Dubowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryki,_Siemiatycze_County=Bryki, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bujaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klepacze,_Siemiatycze_County=Klepacze, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziadkowice,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Dziadkowice, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamianki,_Siemiatycze_County=Kamianki, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabarka,_Gmina_Nurzec-Stacja=Grabarka, Gmina Nurzec-Stacja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piszczatka,_Siemiatycze_County=Piszczatka, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobyla,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kobyla, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruzy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kruzy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laskowszczyzna,_Siemiatycze_County=Laskowszczyzna, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budno,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Budno, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teolin,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Teolin, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szymaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniuszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Koniuszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bieniasze,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bieniasze, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kula,_Bulgaria=Kula, Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemieliste,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Jemieliste, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszczewo,_Gmina_Jeleniewo=Leszczewo, Gmina Jeleniewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kruszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szkocja,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szkocja, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaletnik,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kaletnik, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobusy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kobusy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosiorki,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Kosiorki, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuczyn,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Kuczyn, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojanowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Trojanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujny,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bujny, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chomice=Chomice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waniewo,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Waniewo, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryki,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Bryki, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrochy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Dobrochy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stryjki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Stryjki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieczulice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nieczulice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokiciny,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rokiciny, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokity,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rokity, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soszyce,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Soszyce, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wargowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Barnowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Barnowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraszew,_Brzeziny_County=Kraszew, Brzeziny County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Israel_West_Side_Jewish_Center=Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranmore,_Sligo=Cranmore, Sligo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Lifeboat_Station=Blyth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provanhall=Provanhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artamet=Artamet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wansford_Road_railway_station=Wansford Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vawn,_Saskatchewan=Vawn, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedirka_Desert=Pedirka Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamilew,_Kutno_County=Kamilew, Kutno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradzew,_Kutno_County=Stradzew, Kutno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byszew=Byszew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gajew,_Kutno_County=Gajew, Kutno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronno=Bronno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritania=Mauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maher_Island=Maher Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chopaka,_British_Columbia=Chopaka, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muar_District=Muar District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morgan_(Inyo_County,_California)=Mount Morgan (Inyo County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soo_River=Soo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_River=Ryan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalovly=Chalovly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_Banks_Power_Station=Forth Banks Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stubb_Drainage_Windmill=Stubb Drainage Windmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Martin_House=Aaron Martin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Martin_Houses=Aaron Martin Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digov=Digov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1913_Gettysburg_reunion=1913 Gettysburg reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Creek=Spanish Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Street_(MBTA_Green_Line_%22C%22_Branch_station)=St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line "C" Branch station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillow_Creek=Pillow Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGillivray_Pass=McGillivray Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haylands=Haylands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avun=Avun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deman=Deman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voytala=Voytala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oytala=Oytala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalovlu=Chalovlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulibenka=Kulibenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vov=Vov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caatinga=Caatinga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atacama_Desert=Atacama Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modrzewek,_Opoczno_County=Modrzewek, Opoczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syski,_Opoczno_County=Syski, Opoczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szadkowice,_Opoczno_County=Szadkowice, Opoczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinka,_Gmina_Zadzim=Grabinka, Gmina Zadzim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrzanowice,_Radomsko_County=Chrzanowice, Radomsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karkoszki,_Radomsko_County=Karkoszki, Radomsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fryszerka,_Radomsko_County=Fryszerka, Radomsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzymiec,_Rawa_County=Rzymiec, Rawa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turobowice,_Rawa_County=Turobowice, Rawa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrzanowice,_Sieradz_County=Chrzanowice, Sieradz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamilew,_Sieradz_County=Kamilew, Sieradz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Tower=Devon Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzewisko,_Sieradz_County=Borzewisko, Sieradz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinka,_Gmina_Warta=Grabinka, Gmina Warta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapowiednik=Zapowiednik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzymiec,_Skierniewice_County=Rzymiec, Skierniewice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabiszew,_Zgierz_County=Grabiszew, Zgierz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stary_Gaj,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Stary Gaj, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biesiadki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Biesiadki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijany,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kijany, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisownik,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Cisownik, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliksin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Feliksin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podosie,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Podosie, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwacz,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Karwacz, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kownatki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kownatki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchocin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Suchocin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamony,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Salamony, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerekiew,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Cerekiew, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gierczyce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Gierczyce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciechomin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Ciechomin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyska,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wilczyska, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipnica_Dolna,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Lipnica Dolna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrostowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Chrostowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadole,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Zadole, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozdziele,_Bochnia_County=Rozdziele, Bochnia County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadowniki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jadowniki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczmiska,_Opole_Lubelskie_County=Karczmiska, Opole Lubelskie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufczyn,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Sufczyn, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biesiadki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Biesiadki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regulice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Regulice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Kuzie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblasy,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Oblasy, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamierz,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Adamierz, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opoka,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Opoka, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Bronice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadurki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Sadurki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroszyn,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Jaroszyn, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubasz,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubasz, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchy_Grunt,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Suchy Grunt, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabrnie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zabrnie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babiniec,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Babiniec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korczyna,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Korczyna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podskale,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podskale, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyska,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilczyska, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominikowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Dominikowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozdziele,_Gorlice_County=Rozdziele, Gorlice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodaki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Bodaki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janisze,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Janisze, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczmiska,_Ryki_County=Karczmiska, Ryki County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalesie-Kolonia,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Zalesie-Kolonia, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylezin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wylezin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusocice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Rusocice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zofipole,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zofipole, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minkowice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Minkowice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszyce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Goszyce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzezice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Brzezice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morawica,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Morawica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prawda,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Prawda, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Barbarka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Kopanka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kacice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Kacice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prandocin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Prandocin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krynice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Krynice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojanowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Trojanowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabowica,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Grabowica, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kniazie,_Gmina_Susiec=Kniazie, Gmina Susiec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszele,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Koszele, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowisko,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilkowisko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makowica,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Makowica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekierczyna,_Limanowa_County=Siekierczyna, Limanowa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronie,_Limanowa_County=Stronie, Limanowa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkoszowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Parkoszowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlesice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podlesice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antolka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Antolka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boczkowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Boczkowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchocice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Marchocice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suminek,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Suminek, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzyworzeka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Krzyworzeka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelna,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jelna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulczyn,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kulczyn, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Tropie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamnica,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jamnica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnowiec,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Barnowiec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maszkowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Maszkowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mszanna,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Mszanna, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilsko,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Bilsko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchawa,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Suchawa, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podrzecze,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podrzecze, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciche,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciche, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podszkle,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podszkle, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orawka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Orawka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czartoria,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Czartoria, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipnica_Wielka,_Nowy_Targ_County=Lipnica Wielka, Nowy Targ County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotlice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kotlice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harklowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Harklowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnystok,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Czarnystok, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaskale,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zaskale, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olewin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Olewin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podwysokie,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Podwysokie, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalinowice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kalinowice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieprzec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wieprzec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milonki=Milonki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podchybie,_Olkusz_County=Podchybie, Olkusz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okupniki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Okupniki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Strzegowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabagnie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zabagnie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniusza,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Koniusza, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wronin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieczonogi,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Pieczonogi, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golanka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Golanka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromnik,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Gromnik, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichwin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Lichwin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wola_Lubecka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wola Lubecka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burzyn,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Burzyn, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietrzychowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wietrzychowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faliszowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Faliszowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siedliszowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Siedliszowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Dwory,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Dwory, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebnik,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Izdebnik, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podchybie,_Wadowice_County=Podchybie, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaszczurowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jaszczurowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miejsce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Miejsce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spytkowice,_Wadowice_County=Spytkowice, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronie,_Wadowice_County=Stronie, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lgota,_Wadowice_County=Lgota, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobranowice,_Wieliczka_County=Dobranowice, Wieliczka County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabawa,_Wieliczka_County=Zabawa, Wieliczka County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawczyce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jawczyce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieznanowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Nieznanowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codroy,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Codroy, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kietlice=Kietlice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemienna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Krzemienna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Izdebki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Klecie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgrodzie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Podgrodzie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borszowice,_Gmina_Imielno=Borszowice, Gmina Imielno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morawsko,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Morawsko, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korzenica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Korzenica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laszki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Laszki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokietnica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Rokietnica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipnica_Dolna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Lipnica Dolna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radkowice,_Kielce_County=Radkowice, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harklowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Harklowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szyszczyce,_Kielce_County=Szyszczyce, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kupno,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Kupno, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilcza_Wola,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Wilcza Wola, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwinek,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Barwinek, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czeremcha,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Czeremcha, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipowica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Lipowica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietrzno,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Wietrzno, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszyn,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Dobieszyn, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korczyna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Korczyna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilcza,_Kielce_County=Bilcza, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widacz,_Krosno_County=Widacz, Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrocanka,_Krosno_County=Wrocanka, Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzianka,_Krosno_County=Bzianka, Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbrza,_Kielce_County=Zbrza, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywianka,_Kielce_County=Pokrzywianka, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajdy,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Bajdy, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierzchnica=Pierzchnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybne,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Rybne, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jelna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folwarki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Folwarki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokrzyca,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Mokrzyca, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sople,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Sople, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Surowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamek=Adamek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabrnie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Zabrnie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowosielec,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Nowosielec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryczki,_Gmina_Harasiuki=Ryczki, Gmina Harasiuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Kopki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinianka,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Glinianka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniuszki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Koniuszki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniusza,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Koniusza, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasice,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Krasice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaje,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Gaje, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowaliki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Kowaliki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wlonice,_Gmina_Wojciechowice=Wlonice, Gmina Wojciechowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikulice,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Mikulice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manasterz,_Przeworsk_County=Manasterz, Przeworsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzczonowice,_Ostrowiec_County=Krzczonowice, Ostrowiec County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurzacze,_Ostrowiec_County=Kurzacze, Ostrowiec County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinik,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Glinik, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisby,_West_Lindsey=Aisby, West Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hand_Deeps=Hand Deeps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takkar=Takkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicoamen_Plateau=Nicoamen Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heythrop=Heythrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seton_Canal=Seton Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_River=Gates River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haylmore_Creek=Haylmore Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gates_Valley=Gates Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Reservoir=Falls Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_railway_station=Appleton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnor_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Turnor Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Jan Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeaton,_Saskatchewan=Smeaton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_Cove=Abbott Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavallee_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Lavallee Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fortune Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Marriott_No._317=Rural Municipality of Marriott No. 317
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Street=Jones Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Foster=Mount Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Ongar=High Ongar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctic_Lake_Plateau=Arctic Lake Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Raven_Plateau=Big Raven Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitsu_Plateau=Kitsu Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ornostay_Bluff=Ornostay Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koosick_Bluff=Koosick Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kana_Cone=Kana Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennena_Cone=Tennena Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinder_Cliff=Cinder Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inklin_River=Inklin River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icefall_Cone=Icefall Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ridge_Cone=Ridge Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Convention_Center_at_Las_Colinas=Irving Convention Center at Las Colinas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraine_Cone=Moraine Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleet_Cone=Sleet Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storm_Cone=Storm Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowshoe_Lava_Field=Snowshoe Lava Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triplex_Cone=Triplex Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Cone=Twin Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cache_Hill=Cache Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Saucer=The Saucer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheep_Track_Pumice=Sheep Track Pumice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkout_Creek=Walkout Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triangle_Dome=Triangle Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Bay_Area=San Francisco Bay Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_River_(South_Yamhill_River)=Rogue River (South Yamhill River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandmother's_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Grandmother's Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_River_(British_Columbia)=Bush River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_Pass=Bush Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IGC_Centre=IGC Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sezill_Volcano=Sezill Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Cyprien,_Bas-Saint-Laurent,_Quebec=Saint-Cyprien, Bas-Saint-Laurent, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghada=Aghada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Beach,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Grand Beach, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerwona_Wola,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Czerwona Wola, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Malinie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trollhul=Trollhul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunbar_Lifeboat_Station=Dunbar Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahltan_River=Tahltan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Hill_(British_Columbia)=Camp Hill (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_(Suffolk)_railway_station=Bentley (Suffolk) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Gibraltar=Forward Operating Base Gibraltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilsons_River_(New_South_Wales)=Wilsons River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_River_(Wollongong)=Avon River (Wollongong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabane_de_l'A_Neuve=Cabane de l'A Neuve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Street_(MBTA_Green_Line_%22B%22_Branch_station)=St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line "B" Branch station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maria_fold_and_thrust_belt=Maria fold and thrust belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywianka,_Sandomierz_County=Pokrzywianka, Sandomierz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilcza,_Sandomierz_County=Bilcza, Sandomierz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radkowice,_Starachowice_County=Radkowice, Starachowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbrza,_Starachowice_County=Zbrza, Starachowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Palmer_House_(Portland,_Oregon)=John Palmer House (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Damien,_Quebec=Saint-Damien, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gataga_River=Gataga River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Clock_Tower=Montreal Clock Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_the_Congo=Republic of the Congo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodday_near_Vatersay=Flodday near Vatersay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornish_Way=Cornish Way
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misinchinka_River=Misinchinka River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Jose_River=San Jose River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orrell_Park=Orrell Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Hidalgo,_Chiapas=Ciudad Hidalgo, Chiapas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Hill,_California=Pine Hill, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Mill,_Castle_Donington=King's Mill, Castle Donington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayard,_Saskatchewan=Bayard, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cody,_British_Columbia=Cody, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luliang_County=Luliang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraha,_Bheri=Baraha, Bheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasiel,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jasiel, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurowce,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jurowce, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olchowa,_Sanok_County=Olchowa, Sanok County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granicznik,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Granicznik, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzaki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Krzaki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Tropie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Babica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baryczka,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Baryczka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaszczurowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jaszczurowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jazowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knapy,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Knapy, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamnica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jamnica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szlachecka,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Szlachecka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarnowska_Wola,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Tarnowska Wola, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadford,_County_Limerick=Broadford, County Limerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_Church=Cornwall Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Airport=Whitsunday Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Haven,_Virginia=Bell Haven, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Hill,_Virginia=Peacock Hill, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivanna,_Virginia=Rivanna, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobleville,_Saskatchewan=Nobleville, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platja_d'en_Bossa=Platja d'en Bossa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_Street_(Montreal)=McGill Street (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spytkowice,_Nowy_Targ_County=Spytkowice, Nowy Targ County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toporzysko,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Toporzysko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieprzec,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wieprzec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pnie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pnie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Przybyszew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemiradz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Siemiradz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gresham_Castle=Gresham Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dobieszyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabagnie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Zabagnie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altgeld_Hall=Altgeld Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olszowe,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Olszowe, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rykaczewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rykaczewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustynowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Faustynowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gostomin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gostomin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rembowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koziczyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Koziczyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Przybyszewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dudka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliksin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Feliksin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebnik,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Izdebnik, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanaty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wanaty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Zygmunty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samogoszcz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Samogoszcz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalonka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kalonka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzisz,_Garwolin_County=Godzisz, Garwolin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerytka=Emerytka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobusy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kobusy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazurki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Mazurki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prandocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Prandocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skruda,_Garwolin_County=Skruda, Garwolin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_Lasem,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pod Lasem, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skrzany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podczachy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Podczachy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krubin,_Gostynin_County=Krubin, Gostynin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmolin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Osmolin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waliszew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Waliszew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziszyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Budziszyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drwalewice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Drwalewice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drwalew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Drwalew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machcin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Machcin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modrzewina,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Modrzewina, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dylew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kaplin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wodziczna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wodziczna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promnik,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Promnik, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cychry,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cychry, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Biskupice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Nowe Biskupice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Biskupice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Stare Biskupice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przejazd,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Przejazd, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabowska_Wola,_Kozienice_County=Grabowska Wola, Kozienice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczkowice_Dolne,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilczkowice Dolne, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczowola,_Kozienice_County=Wilczowola, Kozienice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzciany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzciany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Suchocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rynia,_Legionowo_County=Rynia, Legionowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krubin,_Legionowo_County=Krubin, Legionowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzeszew,_Legionowo_County=Skrzeszew, Legionowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babilon,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Babilon, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiska-Kolonia,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Boiska-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadkowice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sadkowice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Maysky_District=Ust-Maysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Aldansky_District=Ust-Aldansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowosielec,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Nowosielec, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Klimy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mszanna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Mszanna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franopol,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Franopol, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obiecanowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Obiecanowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biernaty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Biernaty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pienice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pienice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylinek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kobylinek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pruszki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pruszki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyliny,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Chyliny, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makowica,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Makowica, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kulki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrogosty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dobrogosty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szpaki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szpaki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unikowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Unikowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Niemyje,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Stare Niemyje, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzcianka-Kolonia,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzcianka-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bobin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damiany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Damiany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchcice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Suchcice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaorze,_Gmina_Czerwin=Zaorze, Gmina Czerwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golanka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Golanka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krysiaki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Krysiaki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozwory,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rozwory, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowce,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Borowce, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budne,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Budne, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzbenin,_Gmina_Troszyn=Dzbenin, Gmina Troszyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sielc,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sielc, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gadka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufczyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sufczyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Dock_railway_station=Victoria Dock railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitre=Chitre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_%22Ukraine%22=Palace "Ukraine"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dome_Creek,_British_Columbia=Dome Creek, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kopki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinianka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Glinianka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciszyca,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ciszyca, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesznowola,_Piaseczno_County=Lesznowola, Piaseczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopana,_Piaseczno_County=Kopana, Piaseczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racibory,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Racibory, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylezin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wylezin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cybulin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanigowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kanigowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasotki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Lasotki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worowice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Worowice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemczewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Niemczewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkanowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilkanowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodziska,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Grodziska, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Czerniewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcikowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Barcikowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziarnowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dziarnowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobierniki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kobierniki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromierz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bromierz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzywanice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Krzywanice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcjanka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Marcjanka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Grodkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niedarzyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Niedarzyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarbiewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sarbiewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Karnkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekluki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Siekluki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poczernin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Poczernin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymaki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szymaki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojny,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wojny, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaniewek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Domaniewek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szamoty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szamoty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembielin,_Przasnysz_County=Rembielin, Przasnysz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosmowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kosmowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostkowo,_Przasnysz_County=Rostkowo, Przasnysz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cichowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cichowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwacz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Karwacz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Klewki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Mchowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliniec,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gliniec, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wistka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wistka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozwady,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rozwady, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jamki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozieniec,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kozieniec, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koryciska,_Przysucha_County=Koryciska, Przysucha County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzynno,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skrzynno, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kacice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kacice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piskornia,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Piskornia, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzepowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzepowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Strzegocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiedrzyn,_Radom_County=Kiedrzyn, Radom County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzisz,_Radom_County=Godzisz, Radom County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Park=Hanna Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroszki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jaroszki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadobrze,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Zadobrze, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Glinice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilczna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerekiew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cerekiew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakrzewska_Wola,_Radom_County=Zakrzewska Wola, Radom County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Czachy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszewnica,_Siedlce_County=Koszewnica, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skupie,_Siedlce_County=Skupie, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziomaki,_Siedlce_County=Ziomaki, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimonty,_Siedlce_County=Klimonty, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnoty,_Siedlce_County=Czarnoty, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukawki,_Siedlce_County=Kukawki, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raczyny,_Siedlce_County=Raczyny, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Golice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pruszyn,_Siedlce_County=Pruszyn, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedlina,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jedlina, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachorowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Czachorowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozdowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gozdowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogienice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rogienice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryski,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bryski, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borkowo_Wielkie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Borkowo Wielkie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisielewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kisielewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnieszkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Agnieszkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoczkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skoczkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaptury,_Sochaczew_County=Kaptury, Sochaczew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olszynki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Olszynki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowa_Sucha,_Sochaczew_County=Nowa Sucha, Sochaczew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antosin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Antosin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachowa,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dachowa, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Garnek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skorupki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skorupki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolne_Pole,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dolne Pole, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kostki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilcza_Wola,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilcza Wola, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadolna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Nadolna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipienice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Lipienice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westpoort=Westpoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogarth_railway_station=Gogarth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikanni_Range=Sikanni Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikanni_Chief_River=Sikanni Chief River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontas_River=Fontas River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hixon,_British_Columbia=Hixon, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronisze,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bronisze, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawczyce,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jawczyce, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholewy,_Warsaw_West_County=Cholewy, Warsaw West County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topolin,_Warsaw_West_County=Topolin, Warsaw West County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komory,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Komory, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paplin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Paplin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzuza,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Brzuza, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twarogi=Twarogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrzoski,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wrzoski, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miednik,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Miednik, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sulki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trojany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobczyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dobczyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzcinka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzcinka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciemne,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ciemne, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadwinin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jadwinin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczepanek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szczepanek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuchlin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Tuchlin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Barcice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastazew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Anastazew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policzna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Policzna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baryczka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Baryczka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wysocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wysocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleje,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kaleje, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubowidz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Lubowidz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rynowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rynowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wronka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seroki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Seroki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gutkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziemiany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ziemiany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bednary,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bednary, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budy_Wolskie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Budy Wolskie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miedniewice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Miedniewice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_King_Charles_the_Martyr,_Falmouth=Church of King Charles the Martyr, Falmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onion_Lake_Cree_Nation=Onion Lake Cree Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Valley_Sand_Dunes=Christmas Valley Sand Dunes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogo_Seamounts=Fogo Seamounts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfoundland_Seamounts=Newfoundland Seamounts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangan=Kangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiau_River_(Gisborne)=Waiau River (Gisborne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Hill,_Saskatchewan=Fairy Hill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Theatre=Raymond Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakina_River=Nakina River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Kowloon_Terminus=West Kowloon Terminus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulangyu_Subdistrict=Gulangyu Subdistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusey,_Oxfordshire=Pusey, Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_World_Financial_Center=Chongqing World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_World_Financial_Center=Tianjin World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aycliffe_railway_station=Aycliffe railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Knob=Barton Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strata_SE1=Strata SE1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aynho_for_Deddington_railway_station=Aynho for Deddington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aynho_Park_railway_station=Aynho Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatwood,_Kentucky=Flatwood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Rose,_Saskatchewan=Wild Rose, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Northumberland=Middleton, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_St._Francis_Shangri-La_Place=The St. Francis Shangri-La Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mackenzie=Mount Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monashee_Pass=Monashee Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notton_and_Royston_railway_station=Notton and Royston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraha,_Sagarmatha=Baraha, Sagarmatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Horse_River=Wild Horse River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Dong_Subdistrict=Hang Dong Subdistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevose_Head=Trevose Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shkrel=Shkrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springdale_Caldera=Springdale Caldera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dildo_Run_Provincial_Park=Dildo Run Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Castro=Mount Castro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Coman=Mount Coman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_VI_Ice_Shelf=George VI Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eklund_Islands=Eklund Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Flat,_Saskatchewan=Beaver Flat, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Hill,_Saskatchewan=Crystal Hill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairy_Glen=Fairy Glen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helena_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Helena Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Hill,_Saskatchewan=Beacon Hill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_House=City House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahidan=Shahidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Santo_Tomas=Mount Santo Tomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLure_Ferry=McLure Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usk_Ferry=Usk Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaorze,_Gmina_Goworowo=Zaorze, Gmina Goworowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fort_Ferry=Little Fort Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton_power_stations=Wilton power stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patuxet_tribe=Patuxet tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowermoor_Water_Treatment_Works=Lowermoor Water Treatment Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Ukrainian_Orthodox_Cathedral=Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milfield=Milfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee_Peak_Ski_Area=Shawnee Peak Ski Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenay_Lake_Ferry=Kootenay Lake Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardowiek=Bardowiek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bow_Hut=Bow Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R.J._Ritchie_Hut=R.J. Ritchie Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neil_Colgan_Hut=Neil Colgan Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Coulee_No._136=Rural Municipality of Coulee No. 136
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serras_de_Sudeste=Serras de Sudeste
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac-Simon,_Outaouais,_Quebec=Lac-Simon, Outaouais, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton,_Northumberland=Horton, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumbeg,_Sutherland=Drumbeg, Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbost,_Loch_Harport=Carbost, Loch Harport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbost,_Portree=Carbost, Portree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musick,_West_Virginia=Musick, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon_Hills=Bacon Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Tamerton=North Tamerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglesfield,_Cumbria=Eaglesfield, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Samoa=American Samoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Hills=Crystal Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringsend,_Coleraine=Ringsend, Coleraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Lochs=Morton Lochs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landrake_with_St_Erney=Landrake with St Erney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_Rhodesia_and_Nyasaland=Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coxs_Creek_(Belfield,_New_South_Wales)=Coxs Creek (Belfield, New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melila=Melila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirpa=Sirpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kachi=Kachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warleggan=Warleggan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesquite_Hills=Mesquite Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_by-the-sea_Protestant_Episcopal_Church=St. Paul's by-the-sea Protestant Episcopal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deviock=Deviock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobwalls_and_Trewidland=Dobwalls and Trewidland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuhorst=Neuhorst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(Colusa_County)=Oat Hills (Colusa County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(Mariposa_County)=Oat Hills (Mariposa County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(San_Diego_County)=Oat Hills (San Diego County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(Yuba_County)=Oat Hills (Yuba County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Canyon_(Canadian_County,_Oklahoma)=Devil's Canyon (Canadian County, Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanteglos-by-Fowey=Lanteglos-by-Fowey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Martin-by-Looe=St Martin-by-Looe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Pinnock=St Pinnock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGregor_Plateau=McGregor Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torpy_River=Torpy River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Plateau=Fraser Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Henderson=Port Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Creek=San Diego Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataract_River_(Wollondilly)=Cataract River (Wollondilly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataract_River_(Tenterfield)=Cataract River (Tenterfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethel,_Cornwall=Bethel, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danapuram=Danapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blowinghouse=Blowinghouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Similkameen_Falls=Similkameen Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodanna=Bodanna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warragamba_River=Warragamba River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcupine_Hills=Porcupine Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodella=Bodella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boderwennack=Boderwennack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodgate=Bodgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodrean=Bodrean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashville_Formation=Ashville Formation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_County_Wind_Farm=Benton County Wind Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montcalm,_Quebec=Montcalm, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket_in_Kenya=Cricket in Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Aqraa=Mount Aqraa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Towers=Silver Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RM_Poole=RM Poole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Peak=Black Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliso_Creek_(Los_Angeles_County)=Aliso Creek (Los Angeles County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glenora,_British_Columbia=Glenora, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Technical_High_School=Central Technical High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vic=Mount Vic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tchaikazan_River=Tchaikazan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunn_Valley=Gunn Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_River=Lord River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacArthur_Highway=MacArthur Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala'e_(Futuna)=Mala'e (Futuna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Wolstenholme=Cape Wolstenholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kechika_Ranges=Kechika Ranges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essau=Essau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zatonie=Zatonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dease_Plateau=Dease Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadwood_River=Deadwood River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padna=Padna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popielno,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Popielno, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kierzkowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kierzkowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzaskowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Trzaskowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radwanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Radwanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbyszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zbyszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Raczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szamoty,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Szamoty, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huta_Szklana,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Huta Szklana, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Bielice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Bielice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubasz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubasz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stajkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stajkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boruszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Boruszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Dwory,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Dwory, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubochnia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubochnia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mnichowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mnichowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiniec,_Gniezno_County=Osiniec, Gniezno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczewko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Karczewko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybieniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rybieniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemianowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Siemianowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieleszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mieleszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malenin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Malenin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiekowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wiekowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachorowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czachorowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studzianna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Studzianna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuczyna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kuczyna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalenki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Magdalenki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkonice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilkonice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podrzecze,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Podrzecze, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumienice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gumienice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochla,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ochla, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokosowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rokosowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptaszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ptaszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sworzyce,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Sworzyce, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfowo,_Grodzisk_Wielkopolski_County=Adolfowo, Grodzisk Wielkopolski County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustynowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Faustynowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helenopol,_Grodzisk_Wielkopolski_County=Helenopol, Grodzisk Wielkopolski County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potarzyca,_Jarocin_County=Potarzyca, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilczyniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaraczewo,_Jarocin_County=Jaraczewo, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RM_Condor=RM Condor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemsko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zemsko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maksymilianowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Maksymilianowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubiechowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubiechowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarkboro_Ferry=Clarkboro Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raszewy,_Jarocin_County=Raszewy, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogaszyce,_Jarocin_County=Rogaszyce, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekierzyn,_Jarocin_County=Siekierzyn, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changping_Line,_Beijing_Subway=Changping Line, Beijing Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morawin,_Kalisz_County=Morawin, Kalisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemionka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Krzemionka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madalin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Madalin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliszew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Goliszew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mechnice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bralin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bralin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wodziczna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wodziczna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mchowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radoszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Radoszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Barbarka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyjma,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Przyjma, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilczew,_Konin_County=Bilczew, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anielew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Anielew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubiny,_Konin_County=Lubiny, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kobylanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paniewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Paniewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stropieszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stropieszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karszew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Karszew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boguszyniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Boguszyniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaczyniec=Kaczyniec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochle,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ochle, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Przybyszew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiek_Wielki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Osiek Wielki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Rocks=Gray Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posoka,_Konin_County=Posoka, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biskupie,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Biskupie, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goranin,_Konin_County=Goranin, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijowiec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kijowiec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikorzyn,_Konin_County=Mikorzyn, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florianowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Florianowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morzyczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Morzyczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stara_Ruda,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stara Ruda, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walerianowo,_Konin_County=Walerianowo, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kownaty-Kolonia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kownaty-Kolonia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchary,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Suchary, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donatowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Donatowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarogniewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Jarogniewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Darnowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczodrowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Szczodrowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cichowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Cichowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czacz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czacz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gniewowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gniewowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machcin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Machcin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierpowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Sierpowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorzupia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gorzupia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobierno,_Krotoszyn_County=Kobierno, Krotoszyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raszewy,_Krotoszyn_County=Raszewy, Krotoszyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubonia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubonia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mierzejewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mierzejewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbytki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zbytki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomicko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Radomicko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulejewo,_Leszno_County=Sulejewo, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraczewo,_Leszno_County=Moraczewo, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasocice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lasocice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Przybyszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potrzebowo,_Leszno_County=Potrzebowo, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlinek,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Berlinek, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charbielin,_Leszno_County=Charbielin, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujazdowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ujazdowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kaplin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prusim,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Prusim, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chalin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutom,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lutom, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linie,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Linie, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bolewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kopanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perzyny,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Perzyny, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdanowo,_Oborniki_County=Bogdanowo, Oborniki County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowanowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kowanowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobnica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stobnica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wargowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wypalanki,_Oborniki_County=Wypalanki, Oborniki County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbatka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Garbatka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegowa,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Strzegowa, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnylas,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czarnylas, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesiona,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Jesiona, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamony,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Salamony, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Tonia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chlewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kraszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Byszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziunin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dziunin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Izdebki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kruszki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Luchowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczerbin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Szczerbin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walentynowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Walentynowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czaplino,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czaplino, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromadno,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gromadno, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marynka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Marynka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijaszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kijaszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowalew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kowalew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwina,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ludwina, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galew,_Pleszew_County=Galew, Pleszew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kajew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Bacton=RAF Bacton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolechowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bolechowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachowa,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dachowa, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dworzyska,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dworzyska, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Babki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krosinko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Krosinko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bednary,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bednary, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronczyn,_Gmina_Pobiedziska=Wronczyn, Gmina Pobiedziska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokietnica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rokietnica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebaw,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Trzebaw, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gortatowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gortatowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyby,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chyby, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokoszczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kokoszczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lusowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attaqwa_Mosque=Attaqwa Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Yarmouth_and_Gorleston_Lifeboat_Station=Great Yarmouth and Gorleston Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yukon_Plateau=Yukon Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheringham_Lifeboat_Station=Sheringham Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Baroche=La Baroche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petites,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Petites, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piccaire,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Piccaire, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_La_Haye,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Point La Haye, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollards_Point=Pollards Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pond_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pond Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ratowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Technoparc=Montreal Technoparc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerley's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Kerley's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Kingston, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingwell,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Kingwell, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitchuses,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Kitchuses, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Siding,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lake Siding, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lady_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lady Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lally_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lally Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lancaster, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lance_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lance Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurenceton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Laurenceton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_St._Lawrence,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little St. Lawrence, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golinka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Golinka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaborowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zaborowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartoszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bartoszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaradzice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Domaradzice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostoje,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ostoje, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podborowo,_Rawicz_County=Podborowo, Rawicz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowy,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Sowy, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Jaroszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Suszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powidz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Powidz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meszna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Meszna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilczna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciosna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciosna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarboszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Skarboszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamierz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Adamierz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Myszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otorowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Otorowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromer_Lifeboat_Station=Cromer Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niewierz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Niewierz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolne_Pole,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dolne Pole, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapust,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zapust, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielonek,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wielonek, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kikowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadziejewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nadziejewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumiejki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rumiejki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulejno,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ulejno, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zdziechowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zdziechowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranilug=Ranilug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karara,_Queensland=Karara, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiosna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wiosna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Winna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dobczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleje,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kaleje, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodniczka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Brodniczka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopyta,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kopyta, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galew,_Turek_County=Galew, Turek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikulice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mikulice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzechta,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rzechta, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibianna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bibianna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posoka,_Turek_County=Posoka, Turek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Turkowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chylin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chylin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Niemczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerlin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czerlin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piastowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Piastowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Budziszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kuszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niedarzyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Niedarzyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stawiany,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stawiany, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czekanowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czekanowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliszany,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kaliszany, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kobylec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiatrowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wiatrowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowa_Obra,_Wolsztyn_County=Nowa Obra, Wolsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powodowo=Powodowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wroniawy,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wroniawy, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariankowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mariankowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozdowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gozdowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noskowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Noskowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorazdowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gorazdowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biechowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Biechowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mystki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszyny,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kruszyny, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modlica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Modlica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliksowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Feliksowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogolewko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gogolewko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarzyce,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Konarzyce, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchy,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mchy, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawory,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zawory, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Terrell_No._101=Rural Municipality of Terrell No. 101
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Pond,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Indian Pond, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland's_Bight,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ireland's Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iona,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Iona, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland's_Eye,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ireland's Eye, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Island Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Island Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivanhoe,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ivanhoe, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamestown,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Jamestown, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jean_de_Baie,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Jean de Baie, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffrey's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Jeffrey's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jersey_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Jersey Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerseyside,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Jerseyside, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Harbour_Deep,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Harbour Deep, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Harbour_East=Little Harbour East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Heart's_Ease,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Heart's Ease, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rapids,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Rapids, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Paradise,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Paradise, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobster_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lobster Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nechako_Lakes=Nechako Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciosaniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciosaniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kujanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Zakrzewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Zakrzewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stawnica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stawnica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Dobieszowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hektary,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Hektary, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godziszka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Godziszka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meszna,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Meszna, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedlina,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Jedlina, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowce,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Borowce, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolonka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Apolonka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponik,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Ponik, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnek,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Garnek, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorzenice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Chorzenice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipicze,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Lipicze, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblasy,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Oblasy, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Jamki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korzonek,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Korzonek, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drochlin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Drochlin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanaty,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Wanaty, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutual_Life_&_Citizens_Assurance_Company_Building=Mutual Life & Citizens Assurance Company Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Klewno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Forces_Camp_Chilcotin=Canadian Forces Camp Chilcotin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Krasice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madalin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Madalin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczyce,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Rzeczyce, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierakowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Sierakowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotulin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Kotulin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proboszczowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Proboszczowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowiczki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Wilkowiczki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowiany,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Borowiany, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radonia,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Radonia, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lgota,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Lgota, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Stanki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troniny,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Troniny, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapiennik,_Gmina_Lipie=Wapiennik, Gmina Lipie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konieczki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Konieczki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annolesie,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Annolesie, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonie,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Antonie, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Sitki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzielna,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Dzielna, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zborowskie,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Zborowskie, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chwostek=Chwostek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarnia,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Solarnia, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mzyki,_Lubliniec_County=Mzyki, Lubliniec County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krusin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Krusin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabijak,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Zabijak, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antolka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Antolka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilowice,_Pszczyna_County=Gilowice, Pszczyna County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobielice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Kobielice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziczka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Rudziczka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobyla,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Kobyla, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzegorzowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Grzegorzowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptakowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Ptakowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huta_Szklana,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Huta Szklana, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlesice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Podlesice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siedliszowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Siedliszowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokrus,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Mokrus, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przychody,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Przychody, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siadcza,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Siadcza, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szyce,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Szyce, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkoszowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Parkoszowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeradz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeradz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plate_Cove_West,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Plate Cove West, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Hall=Kingston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_Francia=Sierra de Francia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortlandt_Town_Center=Cortlandt Town Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Island_(Nunavut)=Pioneer Island (Nunavut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nisutlin_Plateau=Nisutlin Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDames_Creek_Indian_Reserve_No._2=McDames Creek Indian Reserve No. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_River_(Dease_River)=Blue River (Dease River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_River_(North_Thompson_River)=Blue River (North Thompson River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Guiana=French Guiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Salina_Street_Historic_District=South Salina Street Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinik,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Glinik, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybakowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rybakowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baczyna,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Baczyna, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Marwice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystki,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Mystki, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boguszyniec,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Boguszyniec, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumienno,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Strumienno, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Garbowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosarzyn,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Kosarzyn, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujawa,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Kujawa, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyborowice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Przyborowice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomicko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Radomicko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagielnik,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jagielnik, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieski,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Pieski, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiecko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Osiecko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemsko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Zemsko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bycz,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Bycz, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzbnica,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wierzbnica, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesiona,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jesiona, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drwalewice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Drwalewice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stary_Staw,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Stary Staw, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Biskupice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Nowe Biskupice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Biskupice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Stare Biskupice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsgate,_British_Columbia=Kingsgate, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskut_River=Iskut River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahlin_Plateau=Nahlin Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changqing_Road_Station=Changqing Road Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzepinek,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rzepinek, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielice,_Strzelce-Drezdenko_County=Pielice, Strzelce-Drezdenko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podszkle,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Podszkle, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starczewo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Starczewo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Bielice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Stare Bielice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebicz,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Trzebicz, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarbiewo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Sarbiewo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grochowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Grochowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychlik,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rychlik, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tursk,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Tursk, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drzewce-Kolonia,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Drzewce-Kolonia, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esbensen_Bay=Esbensen Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svedmyra_metro_station=Svedmyra metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_River_(Teslin_Lake)=Swift River (Teslin Lake)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rancheria_River=Little Rancheria River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordanowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jordanowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemionka,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Krzemionka, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Dworek,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Nowy Dworek, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubrza,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Lubrza, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troszki,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Troszki, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciosaniec,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Ciosaniec, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartno,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Kartno, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siadcza,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Siadcza, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urzuty,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Urzuty, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkanowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wilkanowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radowice=Radowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jany,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jany, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarogniewice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jarogniewice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przylep,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Przylep, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochla,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Ochla, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrzesiny,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wrzesiny, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowisko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wilkowisko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziny,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rudziny, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wymiarki,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wymiarki, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boruszyn,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Boruszyn, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tymienice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Tymienice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusocice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rusocice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surowa,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Surowa, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catcleugh_Reservoir=Catcleugh Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Peak_(Canada)=Simpson Peak (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Pass=Simpson Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Peak,_Antarctica=Wright Peak, Antarctica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutley_Peak=Sutley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Crag=Miller Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bedford_Inlet=New Bedford Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Kidson=Cape Kidson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Dome=Anderson Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopher_Glacier=Gopher Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnabeau_Dome=Bonnabeau Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoffersen_Heights=Christoffersen Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haskell_Glacier=Haskell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbidden_Rocks=Forbidden Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walk_Glacier=Walk Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanos_(plateau)=Nanos (plateau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spatsizi_Plateau=Spatsizi Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spatsizi_River=Spatsizi River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gunanoot=Mount Gunanoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klastline_Plateau=Klastline Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Coast=Scott Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Valley=Ward Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_Lakes=Nation Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_London=Mount London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarbimierz,_Opole_Voivodeship=Skarbimierz, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubcz,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lubcz, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kopice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzbnik,_Opole_Voivodeship=Wierzbnik, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptakowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Ptakowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelniki,_Opole_Voivodeship=Strzelniki, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piastowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Piastowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanie,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kopanie, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszyce,_Opole_Voivodeship=Goszyce, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korzonek,_Opole_Voivodeship=Korzonek, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarnia,_Opole_Voivodeship=Solarnia, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronin,_Opole_Voivodeship=Wronin, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnica,_Opole_Voivodeship=Mechnica, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligota_Dolna,_Kluczbork_County=Ligota Dolna, Kluczbork County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasale,_Opole_Voivodeship=Nasale, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasowice_Wielkie,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lasowice Wielkie, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebiszyn,_Opole_Voivodeship=Trzebiszyn, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obrowiec,_Opole_Voivodeship=Obrowiec, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Dobieszowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przerwa,_Opole_Voivodeship=Przerwa, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaszowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Domaszowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozuby,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kozuby, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miejsce,_Opole_Voivodeship=Miejsce, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kubice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regulice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Regulice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charbielin,_Opole_Voivodeship=Charbielin, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Las,_Opole_Voivodeship=Nowy Las, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cieszanowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Cieszanowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilkitkwa_River=Nilkitkwa River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamiennik,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kamiennik, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasocice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lasocice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broniszowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Broniszowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kocury,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kocury, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zdziechowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Zdziechowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skotnica,_Opole_Voivodeship=Skotnica, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strojec,_Opole_Voivodeship=Strojec, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sternalice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Sternalice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowiany,_Opole_Voivodeship=Borowiany, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radawka,_Opole_Voivodeship=Radawka, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiecko,_Opole_Voivodeship=Osiecko, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Mechnice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrzoski,_Opole_Voivodeship=Wrzoski, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biadacz,_Opole_County=Biadacz, Opole County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedlice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Jedlice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubienia,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lubienia, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przywory,_Opole_Voivodeship=Przywory, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziczka,_Opole_Voivodeship=Rudziczka, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoki,_Opole_Voivodeship=Otoki, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostkowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Rostkowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubrza,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lubrza, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligota_Dolna,_Strzelce_County=Ligota Dolna, Strzelce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrata,_Opole_Voivodeship=Utrata, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokowe,_Opole_Voivodeship=Bokowe, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramatorsk_nuclear_poisoning_incident=Kramatorsk nuclear poisoning incident
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shilton_railway_station=Shilton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway_River=Halfway River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Cherwell=Milton, Cherwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagony,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zagony, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabacz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grabacz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiszewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Fiszewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kostki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciemno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ciemno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gapowo,_Chojnice_County=Gapowo, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kinice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaszuba,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kaszuba, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przymuszewo,_Chojnice_County=Przymuszewo, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoszewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoszewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziny,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rudziny, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Turowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widno,_Chojnice_County=Widno, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babilon,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Babilon, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kulki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichnowy,_Chojnice_County=Lichnowy, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipienice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lipienice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Melanowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Silno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbrzyca,_Chojnice_County=Zbrzyca, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kurkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutom,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutom, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sienica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciecholewy,_Chojnice_County=Ciecholewy, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korne,_Chojnice_County=Korne, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarzyny,_Chojnice_County=Konarzyny, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadziejewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nadziejewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raciniewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Raciniewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierpowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sierpowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzbnik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzbnik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirogniew,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirogniew, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujanki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kujanki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rychnowy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pokrzywy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozwory,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rozwory, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietrzykowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pietrzykowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagnica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bagnica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelnia,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jelnia, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lestnica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lestnica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyrzecze,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przyrzecze, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzmielewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzmielewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostatni_Grosz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostatni Grosz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straszyn,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Straszyn, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwell_railway_station=Blackwell railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojanowo=Wojanowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przywidz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przywidz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzepowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzepowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czerniewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Lake_(Saskatchewan)=Salt Lake (Saskatchewan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibson_Spur=Gibson Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gifford_Peaks=Gifford Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Bluff=Gilbert Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillett_Ice_Shelf=Gillett Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillett_Nunataks=Gillett Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Island=Lake Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_River_(British_Columbia)=Hayes River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Giles_(Antarctica)=Mount Giles (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gillmor=Mount Gillmor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gimber=Mount Gimber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacs_de_Carnau=Lacs de Carnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choquette_River=Choquette River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemsoord,_Steenwijkerland=Willemsoord, Steenwijkerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allen_(Canada)=Mount Allen (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circum-Superior_Belt=Circum-Superior Belt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kosy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostowo,_Gmina_Kartuzy=Ostowo, Gmina Kartuzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzym,_Kartuzy_County=Rzym, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawory,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zawory, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarna_Huta,_Kartuzy_County=Czarna Huta, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kczewo,_Kartuzy_County=Kczewo, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagodowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jagodowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karczewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierakowice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sierakowice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szklana,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szklana, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szopa,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szopa, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welk=Welk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kaplica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostowo,_Gmina_Somonino=Ostowo, Gmina Somonino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrzyce,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostrzyce, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gapowo,_Kartuzy_County=Gapowo, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dubowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niebo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Niebo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pustka,_Kartuzy_County=Pustka, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikorzyno=Sikorzyno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opoka,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Opoka, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miszewo,_Kartuzy_County=Miszewo, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlino,_Kartuzy_County=Widlino, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karsin=Karsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiele,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wiele, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoczkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoczkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubieszynek,_Gmina_Liniewo=Lubieszynek, Gmina Liniewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubieszynek,_Gmina_Nowa_Karczma=Lubieszynek, Gmina Nowa Karczma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekownica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rekownica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czerniki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stary_Bukowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stary Bukowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Hermanowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecewo,_Kwidzyn_County=Klecewo, Kwidzyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurandowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jurandowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szramowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szramowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Barcice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tralewo,_Kwidzyn_County=Tralewo, Kwidzyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karwica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieski,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pieski, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanin,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kanin, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubowidz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubowidz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maszewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maszewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wicko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichnowy,_Malbork_County=Lichnowy, Malbork County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starynia,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Starynia, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasowice_Wielkie,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lasowice Wielkie, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnojewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gnojewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipinka,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lipinka, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tralewo,_Malbork_County=Tralewo, Malbork County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecie,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Klecie, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letniki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Letniki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazowa,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jazowa, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myszkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Myszkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orliniec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Orliniec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakowiska,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rakowiska, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suchowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palczewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Palczewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaskowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Piaskowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stobiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groszkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Groszkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubkowo,_Puck_County=Lubkowo, Puck County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minkowice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Minkowice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odargowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Odargowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starzyno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Starzyno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlino,_Puck_County=Widlino, Puck County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiatrowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wiatrowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobieszewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrzec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobrzec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogolewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gogolewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemczewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Niemczewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troszki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Troszki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Darnowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawka,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kawka, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pustowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pustowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwakowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kwakowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaje,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gaje, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miednik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Miednik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warblewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warblewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Retowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charnowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Charnowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objazda,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Objazda, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strych,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strych, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimne_Zdroje,_Starogard_County=Zimne Zdroje, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markocin,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Markocin, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komorze,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Komorze, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celmerostwo,_Starogard_County=Celmerostwo, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malary,_Starogard_County=Malary, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probostwo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Probostwo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczodrowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szczodrowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnylas,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czarnylas, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Bukowiec,_Starogard_County=Nowy Bukowiec, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirotki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirotki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopytkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopytkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Luchowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciecholewy,_Starogard_County=Ciecholewy, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radziejewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radziejewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Balewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucznik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bucznik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisiel,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gisiel, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przezmark,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przezmark, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecewo,_Sztum_County=Klecewo, Sztum County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lasy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tymawa,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Tymawa, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Widlice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kulice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszyn,_Tczew_County=Goszyn, Tczew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koziary,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Koziary, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malenin,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Malenin, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osetnik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Osetnik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kostkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donimierz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Donimierz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kielno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kielno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szopa,_Wejherowo_County=Szopa, Wejherowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gniewowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gniewowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polnica,_Wejherowo_County=Polnica, Wejherowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pnie,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pnie, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warszkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_du_Canada=Place du Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massive_Mountain=Massive Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromki,_Bartoszyce_County=Gromki, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karolewko,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karolewko, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersity,_Bartoszyce_County=Kiersity, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klekotki,_Bartoszyce_County=Klekotki, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kosy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kromarki=Kromarki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leginy,_Bartoszyce_County=Leginy, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Solno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trutnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Trutnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciechy,_Bartoszyce_County=Wojciechy, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unikowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Unikowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robity,_Bartoszyce_County=Robity, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielenica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Zielenica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judyty,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Judyty, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostre_Bardo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ostre Bardo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poniki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Poniki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielewo,_Braniewo_County=Wielewo, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikielec,_Braniewo_County=Wikielec, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdany,_Braniewo_County=Bogdany, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Lutkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajtuny,_Braniewo_County=Pajtuny, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotrowiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Piotrowiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radziejewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radziejewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielgrzymowo,_Braniewo_County=Pielgrzymowo, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlechy,_Braniewo_County=Podlechy, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatarki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Tatarki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sochy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Sochy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bladowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutkowice,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rutkowice, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabacz,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grabacz, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groszki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Groszki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kostkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wery,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wery, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czechowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czechowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przezmark,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Przezmark, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bielica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skowrony,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Skowrony, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mechnica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojkowo=Mojkowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiszewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Fiszewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurandowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Jurandowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Balewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rychnowy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surowe,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Surowe, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barzyna,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Barzyna, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamionek_Wielki=Kamionek Wielki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buczki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Buczki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ginie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulesze,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kulesze, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisanica,_Gmina_Kalinowo=Pisanica, Gmina Kalinowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciernie,_Gmina_Prostki=Ciernie, Gmina Prostki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylinek,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kobylinek, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorazdowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gorazdowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronka,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wronka, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhopur,_Jalandhar=Madhopur, Jalandhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mleczkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mleczkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skorupki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Skorupki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielony_Lasek=Zielony Lasek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Berkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudka,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Dudka, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grodkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radzie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemionki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siemionki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Talki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Babki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jany,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Jany, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okrasin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Okrasin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietraszki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Pietraszki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta_Vista,_Saskatchewan=Alta Vista, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balone_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Balone Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaubier,_Saskatchewan=Beaubier, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Creek,_Saskatchewan=Beaver Creek, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Beaver,_Saskatchewan=Big Beaver, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blumenthal,_Saskatchewan=Blumenthal, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayview_Heights,_Saskatchewan=Bayview Heights, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannington_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Cannington Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brancepeth,_Saskatchewan=Brancepeth, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgis_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Burgis Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Villa_Estates,_Saskatchewan=Cedar Villa Estates, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelan,_Saskatchewan=Chelan, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clemenceau,_Saskatchewan=Clemenceau, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colesdale_Park,_Saskatchewan=Colesdale Park, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congress,_Saskatchewan=Congress, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corning,_Saskatchewan=Corning, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courval,_Saskatchewan=Courval, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crane_Valley,_Saskatchewan=Crane Valley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_River,_Saskatchewan=Crooked River, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crutwell,_Saskatchewan=Crutwell, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Bay-Sunset,_Saskatchewan=Crystal Bay-Sunset, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cudsaskwa_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Cudsaskwa Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Lake=San Pedro Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingleborough_Tower_Windmill,_West_Walton=Ingleborough Tower Windmill, West Walton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mt._Lebanon_Tunnel=Mt. Lebanon Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeyBank_Tower=KeyBank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bama_Theatre=Bama Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallend=Wallend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Anthony_in_Roseland=St Anthony in Roseland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziemiany,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ziemiany, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Barcie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degucie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Degucie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomek,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radomek, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemiany,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siemiany, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Klimy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerlin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czerlin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodzone,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rodzone, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabianki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Fabianki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajdy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bajdy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rucewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rucewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrzykowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Dobrzykowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gradowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchawa,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Suchawa, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czerniki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ajloun_Governorate=Ajloun Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaskowiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Piaskowiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stawnica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Stawnica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Klewno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mnichowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mnichowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chojnica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Chojnica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyszki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Pyszki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybakowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rybakowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siemkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siniec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siniec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kiersnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwity,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kiwity, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Koniewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miejska_Wola,_Lidzbark_County=Miejska Wola, Lidzbark County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagony,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Zagony, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karbowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karbowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osetnik,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Osetnik, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerwonki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czerwonki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karwie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mierzejewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mierzejewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machary,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Machary, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczewiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karczewiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujaki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bujaki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanigowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kanigowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdaleniec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Magdaleniec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radomin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Sowy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browina,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Browina, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielgrzymowo,_Nidzica_County=Pielgrzymowo, Nidzica County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwanki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Iwanki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodziczno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grodziczno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuligi,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kuligi, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawrowice,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wawrowice, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawra,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Nawra, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamielnik,_Nowe_Miasto_County=Jamielnik, Nowe Miasto County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabielne,_Olecko_County=Zabielne, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorczyce,_Olecko_County=Gorczyce, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monety,_Olecko_County=Monety, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacze,_Olecko_County=Stacze, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szarejki,_Olecko_County=Szarejki, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeszki,_Gmina_Kowale_Oleckie=Szeszki, Gmina Kowale Oleckie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cichy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Cichy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokoro=Sokoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasur,_Pakistan=Pasur, Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimochy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Cimochy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeszki,_Gmina_Wieliczki=Szeszki, Gmina Wieliczki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdany,_Olsztyn_County=Bogdany, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronowo,_Olsztyn_County=Kronowo, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borki_Wielkie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Borki Wielkie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcikowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Barcikowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzowiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bzowiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudypy,_Olsztyn_County=Kudypy, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapaty,_Olsztyn_County=Rapaty, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostrzewy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kostrzewy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gutkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruzy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kruzy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichtajny,_Olsztyn_County=Lichtajny, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Klewki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groszkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Groszkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kopanki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajtuny,_Olsztyn_County=Pajtuny, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Pokrzywy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorotowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Dorotowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszcz,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Leszcz, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Samin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rychnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tymawa,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Tymawa, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mostkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Linki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sople,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Sople, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bieniasze,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bieniasze, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rycerzewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rycerzewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziemaki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ziemaki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinek,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grabinek, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turznica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Turznica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimna,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Zimna, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibory,_Pisz_County=Cibory, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cwaliny,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Cwaliny, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guzki,_Pisz_County=Guzki, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikuty,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mikuty, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monety,_Pisz_County=Monety, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Szymki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabielne,_Pisz_County=Zabielne, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojny,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wojny, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaskwierki,_Pisz_County=Zaskwierki, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelniki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Strzelniki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuchlin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Tuchlin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karwica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popielno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Popielno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Warnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzba,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wierzba, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisiel,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gisiel, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodziska,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grodziska, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Las,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Nowy Las, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekownica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rekownica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozogi,_Szczytno_County=Rozogi, Szczytno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lejkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Lejkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maliniak,_Szczytno_County=Maliniak, Szczytno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomianowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pomianowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stajkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stajkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubiechowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubiechowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Anin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buczki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Buczki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrochy,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobrochy, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kikowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krosinko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krosinko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Retowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Solno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebiszyn,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzebiszyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radlice,_Choszczno_County=Radlice, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rzeczki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piasecznik,_Choszczno_County=Piasecznik, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_Power_Station=Westwood Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bierzwnik,_Choszczno_County=Bierzwnik, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzywna,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grzywna, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malczewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Malczewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeczno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeczno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starzyce,_Choszczno_County=Starzyce, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebicz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzebicz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumienno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strumienno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostrzewa,_Choszczno_County=Kostrzewa, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluskocin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pluskocin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobieradz,_Choszczno_County=Sobieradz, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bolewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lestnica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lestnica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielgoszcz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wielgoszcz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kuszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bralin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bralin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sienica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suchowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchucin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchucin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donatowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Donatowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinek,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grabinek, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelenino,_Drawsko_County=Jelenino, Drawsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowo,_Drawsko_County=Wierzchowo, Drawsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darskowo,_Drawsko_County=Darskowo, Drawsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosobudki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kosobudki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolechowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bolechowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Budno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubczyna,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubczyna, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszczynka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Leszczynka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maszewko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maszewko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromierz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bromierz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobroszyn,_Gmina_Nowogard=Dobroszyn, Gmina Nowogard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kulice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrzyca,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostrzyca, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strzelewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzywice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krzywice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartlewo=Kartlewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasiel,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jasiel, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skalin,_Gryfice_County=Skalin, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skowrony,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skowrony, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skalno,_Gryfice_County=Skalno, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charnowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Charnowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lusowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyniec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wilczyniec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pustkowo,_Gryfice_County=Pustkowo, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogozina,_Gryfice_County=Rogozina, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babinek,_Gryfino_County=Babinek, Gryfino County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Otoki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markocin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Markocin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czartoryja,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czartoryja, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirogniew,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirogniew, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwity,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kiwity, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogaczewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rogaczewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bielin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliniec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gliniec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kartno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Marwice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widuchowa,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Widuchowa, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radawka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radawka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wicko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Koniewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczyn,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rzeczyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warnowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jarkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyradz,_Koszalin_County=Przybyradz, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Bielice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nowe Bielice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosowo,_Koszalin_County=Nosowo, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Bielice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stare Bielice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnino,_Koszalin_County=Warnino, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyham,_Leicestershire=Keyham, Leicestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Water_Tower_(Kansas_City,_Missouri)=Waldo Water Tower (Kansas City, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakwater_Islands=Breakwater Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulino,_Koszalin_County=Cybulino, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radwanki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radwanki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzybnica,_Koszalin_County=Grzybnica, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanino,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopanino, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poniki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Poniki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mielenko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mielenko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalimierz,_Koszalin_County=Dalimierz, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirotki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirotki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powidz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Powidz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warblewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warblewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietrzno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wietrzno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierciszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierciszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konikowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Konikowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rynowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rynowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suliszewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suliszewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemienna,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krzemienna, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borkowo_Wielkie,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Borkowo Wielkie, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gostomin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gostomin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prusim,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Prusim, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubie,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubie, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mostkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Parsko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Chlewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cychry,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Cychry, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juncewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Juncewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzicz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radzicz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedwabno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Jedwabno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Rome=History of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kinice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartoszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bartoszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pienice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pienice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobolin,_Police_County=Bobolin, Police County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babinek,_Pyrzyce_County=Babinek, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linie,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Linie, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swochowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Swochowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozielice,_Pyrzyce_County=Kozielice, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maruszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przelewice,_Pyrzyce_County=Przelewice, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnice,_Pyrzyce_County=Warnice, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzyszkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Borzyszkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzmielewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzmielewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiekowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wiekowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lejkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lejkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielenica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zielenica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kanin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noskowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Noskowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warszkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamienny_Most,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kamienny Most, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karkowo,_Stargard_County=Karkowo, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokrzyca,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mokrzyca, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieczonka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pieczonka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starzyce,_Stargard_County=Starzyce, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolice,_Gmina_Dobrzany=Dolice, Gmina Dobrzany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odargowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Odargowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolice,_Gmina_Dolice=Dolice, Gmina Dolice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morzyca,_Stargard_County=Morzyca, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzany,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skrzany, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nierybno,_Stargard_County=Nierybno, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storkowo,_Stargard_County=Storkowo, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powalice,_Stargard_County=Powalice, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchucice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchucice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morzyczyn,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Morzyczyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Reptowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domanowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Domanowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poczernin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Poczernin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skalin,_Stargard_County=Skalin, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brudzewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Brudzewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosowo,_Stargard_County=Nosowo, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapnica,_Stargard_County=Wapnica, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulino,_Szczecinek_County=Cybulino, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadwigowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jadwigowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagielnik,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jagielnik, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polne,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Polne, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulikowo,_Szczecinek_County=Sulikowo, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biskupice-Kolonia,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Biskupice-Kolonia, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bielica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Cybulin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dalkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donimierz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Donimierz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebiele,_Szczecinek_County=Trzebiele, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komorze,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Komorze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleszkowice,_Szczecinek_County=Boleszkowice, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeradz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeradz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storkowo,_Szczecinek_County=Storkowo, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dziki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelenino,_Szczecinek_County=Jelenino, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orawka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Orawka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietrzykowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pietrzykowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyrzecze,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przyrzecze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawroniec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gawroniec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kocury,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kocury, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostre_Bardo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostre Bardo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popielawy,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Popielawy, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarbimierz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skarbimierz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbytki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zbytki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokosowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rokosowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowanowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kowanowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rycerzewko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rycerzewko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radaczewo,_Choszczno_County=Radaczewo, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemba_Airport_(Tanzania)=Pemba Airport (Tanzania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helstone=Helstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Oxfordshire=Clifton, Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mother_Ivy's_Bay=Mother Ivy's Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Mathieu,_Quebec=Saint-Mathieu, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happyland_(provincial_electoral_district)=Happyland (provincial electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krupa_(Neretva)=Krupa (Neretva)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cryosauna=Cryosauna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teslin_Plateau=Teslin Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Premises=Murray Premises
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfield_Shaker_Museum=Enfield Shaker Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadwallader_Range=Cadwallader Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batchelor_Hills=Batchelor Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleview,_Kentucky=Belleview, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batchelor_Hill=Batchelor Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sydenham_Ward=Sydenham Ward
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Harbour,_Kingston=Inner Harbour, Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumbaz=Gumbaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-du-Lac,_Laurentides,_Quebec=Sainte-Anne-du-Lac, Laurentides, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington_(Link_station)=University of Washington (Link station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richter_Pass=Richter Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamb_Ice_Stream=Kamb Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindschadler_Ice_Stream=Bindschadler Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narewka_(river)=Narewka (river)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_River=Twin River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodoo_River=Hoodoo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdada=Baghdada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Airport=Colonia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochdale_Road_Halt_railway_station=Rochdale Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newfoundland_Ridge=Newfoundland Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bat's_Path_End=Bat's Path End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_de_L'Eau=Bay de L'Eau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_de_L'Eau_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bay de L'Eau Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_de_Loup=Bay de Loup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayly's_Cove=Bayly's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beau_Bois,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Beau Bois, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaverton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Beaverton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belldown's_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Belldown's Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lobster_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lobster Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Leven,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Loch Leven, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Lomond,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Loch Lomond, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockport,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lockport, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locks_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Locks Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockston,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lockston, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomond,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lomond, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Long Beach, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinsons_Bight,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Robinsons Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagona,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Sagona, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miye_ou_Miye=Miye ou Miye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Victoria_Eye_and_Ear_Hospital=Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_de_Sant_Miguel=Port de Sant Miguel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine,_California=Lorraine, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean-Baptiste,_Quebec=Saint-Jean-Baptiste, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palki=Palki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamorran_and_Merther=Lamorran and Merther
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ifinger=Ifinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcanology_of_Eastern_Canada=Volcanology of Eastern Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcanology_of_Western_Canada=Volcanology of Western Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volcanology_of_Northern_Canada=Volcanology of Northern Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adagodi=Adagodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passeig_de_Colom,_Barcelona=Passeig de Colom, Barcelona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Calaveras_County,_California=Independence, Calaveras County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortena,_California=Cortena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delevan,_California=Delevan, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Orchards,_California=Mills Orchards, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Gulf_Military_State_Park_(Mississippi)=Grand Gulf Military State Park (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lantyan=Lantyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mafinga_Hills=Mafinga Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_High_Street_Halt_railway_station=Cheltenham High Street Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobrante,_California=Sobrante, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiske,_Saskatchewan=Fiske, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickering_(Martian_crater)=Pickering (Martian crater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarpsno_(station)=Skarpsno (station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizhhirya=Mizhhirya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champney's_West=Champney's West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_Crag_Reservoir=Colt Crag Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittle_Dene=Whittle Dene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darlings_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Darlings Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davin,_Saskatchewan=Davin, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day's_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Day's Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delmas,_Saskatchewan=Delmas, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgeley,_Saskatchewan=Edgeley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbow_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Elbow Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Acres,_Saskatchewan=Evergreen Acres, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erwood,_Saskatchewan=Erwood, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldersley,_Saskatchewan=Eldersley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evergreen_Brightsand,_Saskatchewan=Evergreen Brightsand, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairholme,_Saskatchewan=Fairholme, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garrick,_Saskatchewan=Garrick, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray,_Saskatchewan=Gray, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin,_Saskatchewan=Griffin, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gronlid,_Saskatchewan=Gronlid, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Spirit_Acres,_Saskatchewan=Good Spirit Acres, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hagen,_Saskatchewan=Hagen, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel_Dell,_Saskatchewan=Hazel Dell, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendon,_Saskatchewan=Hendon, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitchcock_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Hitchcock Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoey,_Saskatchewan=Hoey, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Horseshoe Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Point-Golden_Sands,_Saskatchewan=Indian Point-Golden Sands, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasmin,_Saskatchewan=Jasmin, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kayville,_Saskatchewan=Kayville, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchen,_Saskatchewan=Ketchen, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopp's_Kove,_Saskatchewan=Kopp's Kove, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronau,_Saskatchewan=Kronau, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuroki,_Saskatchewan=Kuroki, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview,_Saskatchewan=Lakeview, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langbank,_Saskatchewan=Langbank, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laporte,_Saskatchewan=Laporte, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisieux,_Saskatchewan=Lisieux, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Fishing_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Little Fishing Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lone_Rock,_Saskatchewan=Lone Rock, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martinson's_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Martinson's Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Centre,_Saskatchewan=Main Centre, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Swan_River,_Saskatchewan=Little Swan River, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayfair,_Saskatchewan=Mayfair, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maymont_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Maymont Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCord,_Saskatchewan=McCord, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikado,_Saskatchewan=Mikado, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohr's_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Mohr's Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Moose Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesslin_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Nesslin Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuanlage,_Saskatchewan=Neuanlage, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Colesdale_Park,_Saskatchewan=North Colesdale Park, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Shore_Fishing_Lake,_Saskatchewan=North Shore Fishing Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northside,_Saskatchewan=Northside, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okla,_Saskatchewan=Okla, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Weyburn,_Saskatchewan=North Weyburn, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ormiston,_Saskatchewan=Ormiston, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottman-Murray_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Ottman-Murray Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oungre,_Saskatchewan=Oungre, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkland_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Parkland Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkview,_Saskatchewan=Parkview, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parry,_Saskatchewan=Parry, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasqua_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Pasqua Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pathlow,_Saskatchewan=Pathlow, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Cove,_Saskatchewan=Pelican Cove, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Point,_Saskatchewan=Pelican Point, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percival,_Saskatchewan=Percival, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Shores,_Saskatchewan=Pelican Shores, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Grove,_Saskatchewan=Phillips Grove, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powm_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Powm Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prairie_River,_Saskatchewan=Prairie River, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riceton,_Saskatchewan=Riceton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince,_Saskatchewan=Prince, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runnymede,_Saskatchewan=Runnymede, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarnia_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Sarnia Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sand_Point_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Sand Point Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scout_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Scout Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shipman,_Saskatchewan=Shipman, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sleepy_Hollow,_Saskatchewan=Sleepy Hollow, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowden,_Saskatchewan=Snowden, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorensen's_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Sorensen's Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Spring Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spruce_Bay=Spruce Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerfield_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Summerfield Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Sunset Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tadmore,_Saskatchewan=Tadmore, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sylvania,_Saskatchewan=Sylvania, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Plain,_Saskatchewan=Swan Plain, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Beach=Taylor Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevessa_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Trevessa Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uhl's_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Uhl's Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Lake_South_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Turtle Lake South Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tway,_Saskatchewan=Tway, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Usherville,_Saskatchewan=Usherville, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Chatfield_Beach,_Saskatchewan=West Chatfield Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westview,_Saskatchewan=Westview, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishart,_Saskatchewan=Wishart, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantage,_Saskatchewan=Vantage, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solsidan=Solsidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_Springs,_California=Rubicon Springs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stateline,_California=Stateline, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/B.X._Falls=B.X. Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Side_Park_(Pittsburgh)=South Side Park (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Runner_Rollercoaster=Road Runner Rollercoaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_California=Butler, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramonte,_California=Miramonte, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_City,_Glenn_County,_California=Butte City, Glenn County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Orchard,_California=Mills Orchard, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_Starr_House=Comfort Starr House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Springs,_Texas=Big Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood,_California=Englewood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith,_California=Smith, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Pass=Fraser Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heckman_Pass=Heckman Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Pass_(British_Columbia)=Taylor Pass (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyoax_Pass=Tyoax Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warner_Pass_(Chilcotin_Ranges)=Warner Pass (Chilcotin Ranges)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griswold_Pass=Griswold Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverine_Pass=Wolverine Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_railway_station=Fenton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butlers,_California=Butlers, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Hills,_California=Alabama Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaja=Omaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes,_California=Sykes, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reawla=Reawla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbetta=Barbetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrelo_Bune=Vrelo Bune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kleena_Kleene=Kleena Kleene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodbrook,_Delaware=Woodbrook, Delaware
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loraine,_California=Loraine, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butedale_Falls=Butedale Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil,_Quebec_(parish)=Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil, Quebec (parish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jing'an_County=Jing'an County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_Civic_Centre=Cape Town Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crooked_River_(British_Columbia)=Crooked River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pack_River_(British_Columbia)=Pack River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLeod_River_(British_Columbia)=McLeod River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ospika_River=Ospika River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkman_Pass=Monkman Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Green_Bowl=The Green Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinuseo_Falls=Kinuseo Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkman_Falls=Monkman Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Mountain_Foothills=Rocky Mountain Foothills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadol=Nadol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil,_Quebec_(village)=Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil, Quebec (village)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Meteor_hotspot_track=Great Meteor hotspot track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgegrain_Mountain=Edgegrain Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarvis_Pass=Jarvis Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcajou_Pass=Carcajou Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jizhou_District=Jizhou District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taihe_County,_Jiangxi=Taihe County, Jiangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Lake,_California=Forest Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazi_Atik_Ali_Pasha_Mosque=Gazi Atik Ali Pasha Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lankershim,_California=Lankershim, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majdal_Anjar=Majdal Anjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_River_(British_Columbia)=Middle River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echelmeyer_Ice_Stream=Echelmeyer Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arctomys_Falls=Arctomys Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alto,_California=Alto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallinas,_California=Gallinas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph,_Vanderburgh_County,_Indiana=Saint Joseph, Vanderburgh County, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nechako_Canyon=Nechako Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Road_Halt_railway_station=Junction Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Power_Plant=Somerset Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holingol=Holingol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsinstikeptum_Indian_Reserve_No._9=Tsinstikeptum Indian Reserve No. 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsinstikeptum_Indian_Reserve_No._10=Tsinstikeptum Indian Reserve No. 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Park=Werner Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazilionai=Bazilionai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horinger_County=Horinger County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karpaseia=Karpaseia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Marie_Bay=Princess Marie Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena,_California=Arena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grove,_California=The Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuttle,_California=Tuttle, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vouno=Vouno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uco_Valley=Uco Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firesteel_River_(British_Columbia)=Firesteel River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frog_Lakes=Frog Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spences_Bridge_Group=Spences Bridge Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swiftcurrent_Falls_(British_Columbia)=Swiftcurrent Falls (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascadero_Falls=Cascadero Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Falls_(Kettle_River)=Cascade Falls (Kettle River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cascade_Falls_(Iskut_River)=Cascade Falls (Iskut River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Beach_(British_Columbia)=Long Beach (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvington_Hall=Harvington Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metsantan_Pass=Metsantan Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toodoggone_River=Toodoggone River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheshan_Golf_Club=Sheshan Golf Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illahe,_Oregon=Illahe, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood_River_(Dease_River)=Cottonwood River (Dease River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood_River_(Fraser_River)=Cottonwood River (Fraser River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood_Canyon_(Fraser_River)=Cottonwood Canyon (Fraser River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Pass_(Cariboo)=Beaver Pass (Cariboo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashapaug_Lake=Mashapaug Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funing_County,_Hebei=Funing County, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_al-Nasara=Wadi al-Nasara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstead=Kirstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gobi_Desert=Gobi Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lytton_Mountain=Lytton Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_and_South_Western_Junction_Railway=Midland and South Western Junction Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabal_al_Gharbi_District=Jabal al Gharbi District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taku_Plateau=Taku Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hall_of_Fame_for_Famous_American_Indians=National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towong,_Victoria=Towong, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Rummelsburg_railway_station=Berlin-Rummelsburg railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Rummelsburg_Betriebsbahnhof_station=Berlin-Rummelsburg Betriebsbahnhof station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawtooth_Range_(British_Columbia)=Sawtooth Range (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joss_Pass=Joss Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Eagle_Cone=Little Eagle Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kena_Cone=Kena Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klastline_Cone=Klastline Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharaoh_Dome=Pharaoh Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanook_Dome=Nanook Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphinx_Dome=Sphinx Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glacier_Dome=Glacier Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snippaker_Creek_Cone=Snippaker Creek Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Creek_Cone=King Creek Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iskut_Canyon_Cone=Iskut Canyon Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_resources_management_in_Honduras=Water resources management in Honduras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choluteca_river_basin=Choluteca river basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loomis_Homestead=Loomis Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mess_Lake_Cone=Mess Lake Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Bay=Anderson Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghcheh_Kohol=Aghcheh Kohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cone_Glacier_Volcano=Cone Glacier Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Iskut=Little Iskut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Source_Hill=Source Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thaw_Hill=Thaw Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chakatah_Creek_Peak=Chakatah Creek Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iverson_Creek_Volcano=Iverson Creek Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkout_Creek_Cone=Walkout Creek Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tom_MacKay_Creek_Cone=Tom MacKay Creek Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectrum_Dome=Spectrum Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinkit_Lake_Peak=Klinkit Lake Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinkit_Creek_Peak=Klinkit Creek Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbar=Mumbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbhar=Mumbhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Mountain_(British_Columbia)=Granite Mountain (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay,_Iran=Lay, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Berwick_Lifeboat_Station=North Berwick Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Mountain_(British_Columbia)=Red Mountain (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Town_Hall=Halifax Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Tan_Valley,_Arizona=San Tan Valley, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mess_Creek_Escarpment=Mess Creek Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obsidian_Ridge=Obsidian Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_of_the_Americas=Mall of the Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorrier=Scorrier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Virginia_(California)=Lake Virginia (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higham_railway_station_(Suffolk)=Higham railway station (Suffolk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoatok=Anoatok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_East,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Trinity East, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trouty=Trouty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandsworth,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Wandsworth, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Waterville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Western Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimcheon_Station=Gimcheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaepo_Station=Gaepo Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myeongdong_Station=Myeongdong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Lake=Cumberland Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eels_Lake=Eels Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Pond=Big Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Gregory_the_Illuminator_Cathedral,_Yerevan=Saint Gregory the Illuminator Cathedral, Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sihanoukville_Province=Sihanoukville Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srbsko=Srbsko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_Lake=Hattie Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_Lakes=Hattie Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beardy_River=Beardy River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_River_(New_South_Wales)=Crawford River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doyles_River_(New_South_Wales)=Doyles River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nymboida_River=Little Nymboida River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Weir_River=Little Weir River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pages_River=Pages River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewarts_River=Stewarts River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbarra_River_(New_South_Wales)=Timbarra River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollomombi_River=Wollomombi River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrow_River=Yarrow River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrowitch_River=Yarrowitch River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_River=Hector River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/No_Man's_Land,_Illinois=No Man's Land, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Autwine,_Oklahoma=Autwine, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arroyo_Colorado=Arroyo Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabaha_River=Alabaha River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Branch_Pleasant_River_(Piscataquis_River)=East Branch Pleasant River (Piscataquis River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Branch_Pleasant_River_(Pleasant_River)=East Branch Pleasant River (Pleasant River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_River_(Maine)=Maine River (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklin,_West_Virginia=Brooklin, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Top,_West_Virginia=Hill Top, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Neretva=Upper Neretva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncheon_Station=Suncheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolgok_Station=Wolgok Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglaston_Historic_District=Douglaston Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kkachiul_Station=Kkachiul Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsan_Gymnasium_Station=Samsan Gymnasium Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanseong_Station=Sanseong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreray,_St_Kilda=Boreray, St Kilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queen's,_Kingston=Queen's, Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwington,_Kingston=Alwington, Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordsall_Lane_railway_station=Ordsall Lane railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth,_Kingston=Portsmouth, Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkden_Low_Level_railway_station=Walkden Low Level railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwin_Island=Goodwin Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bear_Magmatic_Zone=Great Bear Magmatic Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taltson_Magmatic_Zone=Taltson Magmatic Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_Tower=Telus Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knarrevik=Knarrevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripoli_District,_Libya=Tripoli District, Libya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misrata_District=Misrata District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_Art_Gallery=Christchurch Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainland,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mainland, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguang_County=Dongguang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Duck_Brook_and_Winterhouse,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Duck Brook and Winterhouse, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayan_County=Bayan County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulan_County=Mulan County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datong_District,_Daqing=Datong District, Daqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Site,_Hot_Springs=Mammoth Site, Hot Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Lakes_(British_Columbia)=Elk Lakes (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigwam_River=Wigwam River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongshan_District,_Hegang=Dongshan District, Hegang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shellingford=Shellingford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_District=Dongfeng District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanceville,_British_Columbia=Hanceville, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stocking_Island=Stocking Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boli_County=Boli County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_City_Region=Leeds City Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong'an_District=Dong'an District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Canyon_Indian_Reserve_No._3=Marble Canyon Indian Reserve No. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debden,_Epping_Forest=Debden, Epping Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beilin_District,_Suihua=Beilin District, Suihua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanxi_County=Lanxi County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockford_Park_District=Rockford Park District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asuncion,_California=Asuncion, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghurabah=Ghurabah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacks,_Illinois=Blacks, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Park=Alfred Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacAyeal_Ice_Stream=MacAyeal Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_Ice_Stream=Mercer Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes,_Lancashire=Holmes, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woking=Woking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbarns=Newbarns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Center_Park=Town Center Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Brown_Bell=John Brown Bell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orosay=Orosay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghuraba=Ghuraba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hamma,_Tiberias=Al-Hamma, Tiberias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Immigrant=De Immigrant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_St._Paul_and_St._Andrew_(New_York_City)=Church of St. Paul and St. Andrew (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retteri=Retteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbonais,_Illinois=Bourbonais, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlistov=Chlistov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGregor_Pass=McGregor Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakwa_Pass=Kakwa Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sifton_Pass=Sifton Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacheng,_Changhua=Dacheng, Changhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Bay=Cameron Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsa_River=Tamsa River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Moravian_Church,_Jamaica=Trinity Moravian Church, Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles_County_Smartt_Airport=St. Charles County Smartt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xincheng_District,_Hohhot=Xincheng District, Hohhot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weirdale,_Saskatchewan=Weirdale, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cribbar=Cribbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newquay_Surfing_Reef=Newquay Surfing Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thacker,_West_Virginia=Thacker, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takla_Group=Takla Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Wallace=Fort Wallace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_of_Exploits=Bay of Exploits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faringdon_railway_station=Faringdon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dallas,_Kamloops=Dallas, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufferin,_Kamloops=Dufferin, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knutsford,_Kamloops=Knutsford, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Kamloops=North Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tranquille,_Kamloops=Tranquille, Kamloops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barthel,_Saskatchewan=Barthel, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kali_River_(Uttar_Pradesh)=Kali River (Uttar Pradesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marylebone=Marylebone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Jolla_Village,_San_Diego=La Jolla Village, San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkea=Kilkea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quantock,_Saskatchewan=Quantock, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrymore_Theatre=Barrymore Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont_Island=Fremont Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Road_Halt_railway_station=Abingdon Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawal=Jawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Leeds=City of Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narrow_Hills_Provincial_Park=Narrow Hills Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzon_Building=Luzon Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Esprit,_Quebec=Saint-Esprit, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Alexis,_Quebec=Saint-Alexis, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrach_(stream)=Ostrach (stream)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Swinburne_Reservoir=Little Swinburne Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_la_Demanda=Sierra de la Demanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Mount_Pleasant_No._2=Rural Municipality of Mount Pleasant No. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Enniskillen_No._3=Rural Municipality of Enniskillen No. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_Topper=Tree Topper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunan_County=Yunan County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yun'an_District=Yun'an District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Minas_Creek=Las Minas Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Coalfields_No._4=Rural Municipality of Coalfields No. 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Estevan_No._5=Rural Municipality of Estevan No. 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Cambria_No._6=Rural Municipality of Cambria No. 6
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Souris_Valley_No._7=Rural Municipality of Souris Valley No. 7
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solent_Rescue=Solent Rescue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Spring_Valley_Reservoir=Salt Spring Valley Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Metropolitan_Area=St. John's Metropolitan Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathili=Mathili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuangqiao_District,_Chengde=Shuangqiao District, Chengde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanyang_District=Shanyang District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunyang_District=Yunyang District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinzhou_District,_Wuhan=Xinzhou District, Wuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comaplix,_British_Columbia=Comaplix, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camborne,_British_Columbia=Camborne, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halcyon_Hot_Springs,_British_Columbia=Halcyon Hot Springs, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuanwu_District,_Nanjing=Xuanwu District, Nanjing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuswap_Indian_Reserve=Shuswap Indian Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stretham_railway_station=Stretham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Creek_(Jock_River)=Kings Creek (Jock River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Creek_(Mississippi_River_Ontario)=Kings Creek (Mississippi River Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sentinel_Range_(Canada)=Sentinel Range (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminal_Range=Terminal Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trout_River_(British_Columbia)=Trout River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linghai=Linghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassiar_Terrane=Cassiar Terrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbush,_Kentucky=Redbush, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lake_Alma_No._8=Rural Municipality of Lake Alma No. 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Surprise_Valley_No._9=Rural Municipality of Surprise Valley No. 9
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slide_Mountain_Terrane=Slide Mountain Terrane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Lake_National_Wildlife_Refuge=Buffalo Lake National Wildlife Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francois_Cousin_House_(Slidell,_Louisiana)=Francois Cousin House (Slidell, Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tahltan_Indian_Reserve_No._10=Tahltan Indian Reserve No. 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddontenajon=Eddontenajon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_of_London_Range=Tower of London Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurara=Gurara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutland,_British_Columbia=Rutland, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Mission,_British_Columbia=Okanagan Mission, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palliser_Pass=Palliser Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universalist_Meeting_House=Universalist Meeting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafni,_Laconia=Dafni, Laconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mesa_(Navajo_County,_Arizona)=Black Mesa (Navajo County, Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharoysky_District=Sharoysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatoysky_District=Shatoysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sezill_Hot_Springs=Sezill Hot Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_East_Boston_High_School=Old East Boston High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakelse_Hot_Springs=Lakelse Hot Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_der_Veen_Ice_Stream=Van der Veen Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Glacier=Land Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeVicq_Glacier=DeVicq Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nansen_Ice_Sheet=Nansen Ice Sheet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stange_Ice_Shelf=Stange Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cosgrove_Ice_Shelf=Cosgrove Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salperton=Salperton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takla_Landing=Takla Landing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daran,_Iran=Daran, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Luz,_California=De Luz, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Glacier=Berry Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Glacier=Union Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horlick_Ice_Stream=Horlick Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maysky_District=Maysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamidiyeh=Hamidiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slava_Ice_Shelf=Slava Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nickerson_Ice_Shelf=Nickerson Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosson_Ice_Shelf=Crosson Ice Shelf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canworthy_Water=Canworthy Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Falls_(British_Columbia)=Boundary Falls (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Square=Phillips Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_Point_(England)=Bass Point (England)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Norbert,_Quebec=Saint-Norbert, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Point,_Saskatchewan=Black Point, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glentworth,_Saskatchewan=Glentworth, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonquin_Pass=Tonquin Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Abbott_(British_Columbia)=Mount Abbott (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isham,_Saskatchewan=Isham, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inchkeith,_Saskatchewan=Inchkeith, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackfish_Lake_(Saskatchewan)=Jackfish Lake (Saskatchewan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Primate,_Saskatchewan=Primate, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhein,_Saskatchewan=Rhein, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shackleton,_Saskatchewan=Shackleton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamrock,_Saskatchewan=Shamrock, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silton,_Saskatchewan=Silton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Valley,_Saskatchewan=Spring Valley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spy_Hill,_Saskatchewan=Spy Hill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantallon,_Saskatchewan=Tantallon, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torquay,_Saskatchewan=Torquay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribune,_Saskatchewan=Tribune, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tugaske,_Saskatchewan=Tugaske, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uren,_Saskatchewan=Uren, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxford,_Saskatchewan=Tuxford, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldron,_Saskatchewan=Waldron, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welwyn,_Saskatchewan=Welwyn, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowbrook,_Saskatchewan=Willowbrook, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windthorst,_Saskatchewan=Windthorst, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Fox,_Saskatchewan=White Fox, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wroxton,_Saskatchewan=Wroxton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarbo,_Saskatchewan=Yarbo, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeneta,_Saskatchewan=Zeneta, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luliang_Air_Base=Luliang Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codette,_Saskatchewan=Codette, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craven,_Saskatchewan=Craven, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osage,_Saskatchewan=Osage, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Shell,_Saskatchewan=Big Shell, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird's_Point,_Saskatchewan=Bird's Point, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitek_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Chitek Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorney_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Chorney Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Echo Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etters_Beach=Etters Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Harbour,_Saskatchewan=Glen Harbour, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandview_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Grandview Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_View,_Saskatchewan=Island View, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greig_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Greig Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivimaa-Moonlight_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Kivimaa-Moonlight Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Leslie Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metinota,_Saskatchewan=Metinota, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Grove,_Saskatchewan=North Grove, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pebble_Baye,_Saskatchewan=Pebble Baye, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelican_Pointe,_Saskatchewan=Pelican Pointe, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Sandy Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatchewan_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Saskatchewan Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lake,_Saskatchewan=South Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_Cove,_Saskatchewan=Sunset Cove, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley,_Saskatchewan=Sun Valley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thode,_Saskatchewan=Thode, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tobin_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Tobin Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_End,_Saskatchewan=West End, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wee_Too_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Wee Too Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawalpindi,_Kapurthala=Rawalpindi, Kapurthala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kluskus_Lakes=Kluskus Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglin_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Anglin Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baring,_Saskatchewan=Baring, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battrum,_Saskatchewan=Battrum, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beadle,_Saskatchewan=Beadle, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_Creek,_Saskatchewan=Bear Creek, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bechard,_Saskatchewan=Bechard, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertwell=Bertwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bexhill,_Saskatchewan=Bexhill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverley,_Saskatchewan=Beverley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birmingham,_Saskatchewan=Birmingham, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blucher,_Saskatchewan=Blucher, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blumenheim,_Saskatchewan=Blumenheim, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blumenhof,_Saskatchewan=Blumenhof, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodmin,_Saskatchewan=Bodmin, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boharm,_Saskatchewan=Boharm, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brabant,_Saskatchewan=Brabant, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brada,_Saskatchewan=Brada, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bresaylor,_Saskatchewan=Bresaylor, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadacres,_Saskatchewan=Broadacres, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeford,_Saskatchewan=Bridgeford, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brockington,_Saskatchewan=Brockington, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooksby,_Saskatchewan=Brooksby, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browning,_Saskatchewan=Browning, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Gap,_Saskatchewan=Buffalo Gap, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrows,_Saskatchewan=Burrows, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushell_Park,_Saskatchewan=Bushell Park, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coothill,_Saskatchewan=Coothill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danbury,_Saskatchewan=Danbury, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Hill,_Saskatchewan=Elk Hill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fir_Mountain,_Saskatchewan=Fir Mountain, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harptree,_Saskatchewan=Harptree, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoosier,_Saskatchewan=Hoosier, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leacross,_Saskatchewan=Leacross, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilwinning,_Saskatchewan=Kilwinning, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liebenthal,_Saskatchewan=Liebenthal, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorlie,_Saskatchewan=Lorlie, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marieval,_Saskatchewan=Marieval, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moose_Range,_Saskatchewan=Moose Range, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reward,_Saskatchewan=Reward, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemound,_Saskatchewan=Rosemound, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosengart,_Saskatchewan=Rosengart, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseray,_Saskatchewan=Roseray, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sovereign,_Saskatchewan=Sovereign, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zehner,_Saskatchewan=Zehner, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avonhurst,_Saskatchewan=Avonhurst, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benito_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Benito Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Bluffs,_Saskatchewan=Cathedral Bluffs, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamakese,_Saskatchewan=Chamakese, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitek,_Saskatchewan=Chitek, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenspot,_Saskatchewan=Greenspot, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_Hills,_Saskatchewan=Merrill Hills, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Estates,_Saskatchewan=Riverside Estates, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Waterhen_Lake,_Saskatchewan=South Waterhen Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spruce_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Spruce Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset_View_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Sunset View Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Lake_Lodge,_Saskatchewan=Turtle Lake Lodge, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Cole Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George's_Hill,_Saskatchewan=St. George's Hill, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michel_Village,_Saskatchewan=Michel Village, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weyakwin,_Saskatchewan=Weyakwin, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descharme_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Descharme Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sled_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Sled Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garson_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Garson Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollaston_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Wollaston Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alticane,_Saskatchewan=Alticane, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardwick,_Saskatchewan=Ardwick, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besant,_Saskatchewan=Besant, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Dam_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Boundary Dam Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espeseth_Cove,_Saskatchewan=Espeseth Cove, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson_Bay,_Saskatchewan=Ferguson Bay, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flotten_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Flotten Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grasswood=Grasswood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandora,_Saskatchewan=Grandora, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenfell_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Grenfell Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guise_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Guise Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Point,_Saskatchewan=Indian Point, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kedleston_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Kedleston Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KC_Beach,_Saskatchewan=KC Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keeley_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Keeley Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinookimaw,_Saskatchewan=Kinookimaw, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_La_Peche,_Saskatchewan=Lac La Peche, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_La_Plonge,_Saskatchewan=Lac La Plonge, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipp's_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Lipp's Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Amyot_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Little Amyot Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madge_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Madge Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Leven,_Saskatchewan=Loch Leven, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mission_Lake_Subdivision,_Saskatchewan=Mission Lake Subdivision, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Nebo,_Saskatchewan=Mont Nebo, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIntosh_Point,_Saskatchewan=McIntosh Point, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Point,_Saskatchewan=Murray Point, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neis_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Neis Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemeiben_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Nemeiben Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okema_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Okema Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Man_on_His_Back_Prairie_and_Heritage_Conservation_Area=Old Man on His Back Prairie and Heritage Conservation Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Lake_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Ruby Lake Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schantzenfeld,_Saskatchewan=Schantzenfeld, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoenfeld,_Saskatchewan=Schoenfeld, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serath,_Saskatchewan=Serath, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonningdale,_Saskatchewan=Sonningdale, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfeld,_Saskatchewan=Springfeld, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Front,_Saskatchewan=Saint-Front, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stalwart,_Saskatchewan=Stalwart, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelman,_Saskatchewan=Steelman, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Stony Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stranraer,_Saskatchewan=Stranraer, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanson,_Saskatchewan=Swanson, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bend,_Saskatchewan=West Bend, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbot_Pond=Abbot Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miners_Basin,_Utah=Miners Basin, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iverson_Creek_(British_Columbia)=Iverson Creek (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Saint-Pierre,_Quebec=Mont-Saint-Pierre, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean-de-la-Lande,_Quebec=Saint-Jean-de-la-Lande, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Athanase,_Quebec=Saint-Athanase, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Omer,_Quebec=Saint-Omer, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Tite-des-Caps=Saint-Tite-des-Caps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Joachim,_Quebec=Saint-Joachim, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear_River_(Sustut_River)=Bear River (Sustut River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parallel_Creek=Parallel Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meldon_railway_station=Meldon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attachie=Attachie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton,_British_Columbia=Burton, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Lake=Cecil Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlie_Lake,_British_Columbia=Charlie Lake, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayhurst=Clayhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fauquier,_British_Columbia=Fauquier, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesikep=Nesikep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wreck_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Wreck Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Woody Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wooddale,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Wooddale, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Woodville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woman_Cove=Woman Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Winter Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Winsor, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiltondale=Wiltondale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malpas,_Cornwall=Malpas, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=White Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whale_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Whale Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weybridge,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Weybridge, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swift_Current,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Swift Current, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweet_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Sweet Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Summerville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straitsview,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Straitsview, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stock_Cove=Stock Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanhope,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Stanhope, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spillers_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Spillers Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spillars_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Spillars Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spanish_Room,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Spanish Room, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencers_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Spencers Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Southwest Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Southern Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Placentia,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Southeast Placentia, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Southern Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southeast_Bight,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Southeast Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Branch,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=South Branch, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sop's_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Sop's Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snook's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Snook's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snook's_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Snook's Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Smith's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoal_Cove_East=Shoal Cove East
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shearstown,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Shearstown, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searston,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Searston, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samson_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Samson Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Veronica's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Veronica's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Teresa,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Teresa, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Patrick's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Patrick's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michaels,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Michaels, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Leonard's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Leonard's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Kryan's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Kryan's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jude's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Jude's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_Cove,_Bay_D'Espoir,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Joseph's Cove, Bay D'Espoir, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._David's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. David's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Fintan's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Fintan's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jones_Without,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Jones Without, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Chad's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Chad's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Carol's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Carol's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Barbe,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Barbe, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anthony_Bight,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Anthony Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sailor's_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Sailor's Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Andrew's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Andrew's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redlands,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Redlands, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pynn's_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pynn's Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushthrough=Pushthrough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purbeck's_Cove=Purbeck's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pumbley_Cove=Pumbley Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Princeton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presque,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Presque, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Portland, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Royal,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port Royal, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portland_Creek,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Portland Creek, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Nelson,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port Nelson, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_au_Bras,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port au Bras, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Anne,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port Anne, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Elizabeth,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port Elizabeth, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Albert,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port Albert, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pines_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Pines Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noel's_Pond,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Noel's Pond, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=North West Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Arm_North_Side,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Norris Arm North Side, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Arm_South_Side,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Norris Arm South Side, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noddy_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Noddy Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Newport, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bridge,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=New Bridge, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newman's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Newman's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muddy_Hole,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Muddy Hole, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosquito,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mosquito, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morley's_Siding,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Morley's Siding, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Moore's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Monroe, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkstown,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Monkstown, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molliers,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Molliers, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mint_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mint Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Millville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millertown_Junction=Millertown Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller's_Passage,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Miller's Passage, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mill Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Midland, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Arm,_Avalon_Peninsula,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Middle Arm, Avalon Peninsula, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Amherst_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Middle Amherst Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melrose,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Melrose, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattis_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mattis Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marysvale,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Marysvale, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquise,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Marquise, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markland,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Markland, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaree,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Margaree, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mansfield Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mall Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Man_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Man Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makinsons,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Makinsons, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Main Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahers,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Mahers, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKay's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=McKay's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Lance_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Lower Lance Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Low Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loreburn,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Loreburn, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loon_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Loon Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Ridge,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Ridge, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Port,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Port, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Poile,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=La Poile, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langue_de_Cerf,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Langue de Cerf, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Manche_Mines,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=La Manche Mines, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=King Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Julie's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Julie's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journois,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Journois, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivany's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ivany's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Burying_Place,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Indian Burying Place, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gullies,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gullies, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gull_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gull Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grole,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Grole, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Island_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Green Island Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Green Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeleytown,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Greeleytown, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Jervais,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Great Jervais, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Brule,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Great Brule, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Codroy,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Great Codroy, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Brehat,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Great Brehat, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Barasway,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Great Barasway, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandy's_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Grandy's Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Bay_West,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Grand Bay West, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandois,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Grandois, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gooseberry_Cove,_Placentia_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gooseberry Cove, Placentia Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Cove,_Trinity_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Goose Cove, Trinity Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Cove,_Placentia_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Goose Cove, Placentia Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Cove,_Hare_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Goose Cove, Hare Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Golden Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gin_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gin Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furby's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Furby's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gander_Bay_South,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Gander Bay South, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwater,_Placentia_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Freshwater, Placentia Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwater,_Conception_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Freshwater, Conception Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwater,_Bell_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Freshwater, Bell Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fox Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Roost,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fox Roost, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Island,_South_Coast,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fox Island, South Coast, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Island,_Hermitage_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fox Island, Hermitage Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Harbour,_Notre_Dame_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fortune Harbour, Notre Dame Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortune_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fortune Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrester's_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Forrester's Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foote's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Foote's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ford's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleury's_Bight,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fleury's Bight, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatrock,_Conception_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Flatrock, Conception Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Islands,_Placentia_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Flat Islands, Placentia Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Bay_West,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Flat Bay West, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Islands,_Bonavista_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Flat Islands, Bonavista Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Bay_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Flat Bay Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Flat Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eddies_Cove_West,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Eddies Cove West, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuslett,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cuslett, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changping_Road_Station=Changping Road Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cupids_Crossing,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cupids Crossing, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cull's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cull's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cul_De_Sac_West,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cul De Sac West, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cul_De_Sac_East,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cul De Sac East, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croque,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Croque, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crockers_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Crockers Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottrell's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cottrell's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin,_Fortune_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Corbin, Fortune Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbin,_Burin_Peninsula,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Corbin, Burin Peninsula, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Arm=Coney Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coley's_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Coley's Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffee_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Coffee Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clattice_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Clattice Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimney_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Chimney Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Charleston, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Charles Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanceport,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Chanceport, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cat Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castor_River_North,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Castor River North, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cartyville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cartyville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Norman,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cape Norman, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_la_Hune=Cape la Hune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canning's_Cove=Canning's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Harbour=Canada Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cove=Cape Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell's_Creek=Campbell's Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butter_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Butter Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butlerville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Butlerville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Island_Tickle,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Burnt Island Tickle, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burgoyne's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Burgoyne's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunyan's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bunyan's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bull_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bull Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchans_Junction,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Buchans Junction, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunette,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brunette, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brown's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown's_Arm,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brown's Arm, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookside,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brookside, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brooklyn, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigus_Junction,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brigus Junction, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/British_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=British Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britannia,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Britannia, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridgeport,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bridgeport, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazils,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brazils, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brake's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Brake's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bragg's_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bragg's Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bradley's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boxey,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Boxey, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boswarlos,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Boswarlos, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bobby's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Boat Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Blue Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blow_Me_Down,_Conception_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Blow Me Down, Conception Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_River,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black River, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Island,_Bay_of_Exploits,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Island, Bay of Exploits, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Island,_Friday_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Island, Friday Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Duck_Pond,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Duck Pond, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Duck_Cove,_Great_Northern_Peninsula,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Duck Cove, Great Northern Peninsula, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Duck_Cove,_Trinity_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Duck Cove, Trinity Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birchy_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Birchy Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Duck,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Black Duck, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Big Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betts_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Betts Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Head,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Berry Head, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Benton, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benoits_Siding,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Benoits Siding, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abel_Pond=Abel Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotts_Steady=Abbotts Steady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbotts_Cove=Abbotts Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbott_Rock=Abbott Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbots_Pond=Abbots Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairground_Park=Fairground Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Gateway_station=Edinburgh Gateway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morfee_Lake=Morfee Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrell_Valley=Merrell Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Run_(New_Jersey)=Pleasant Run (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton,_Northamptonshire=Hinton, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldon_Ferry=Weldon Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilean_Tigh=Eilean Tigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_Ferry=Fenton Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Laurent_Ferry=St. Laurent Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hague_Ferry=Hague Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancer_Ferry=Lancer Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Estuary_Ferry=Estuary Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Ferry=Cecil Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Redburn_No._130=Rural Municipality of Redburn No. 130
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingard_Ferry=Wingard Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paynton_Ferry=Paynton Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ann's_Episcopal_Church_(Bronx)=St. Ann's Episcopal Church (Bronx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFD_Alsask=CFD Alsask
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narach_(town)=Narach (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narach_(village)=Narach (village)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CFS_Dana=CFS Dana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerkenwell_Prison=Clerkenwell Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisii_County=Kisii County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenswood_Manor_Historic_District=Ravenswood Manor Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governador_Celso_Ramos=Governador Celso Ramos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celso_Ramos=Celso Ramos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammamet,_Algiers=Hammamet, Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_El_Ain=Ras El Ain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morada_Nova=Morada Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Franco=Porto Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alt-Treptow=Alt-Treptow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orshansky_District=Orshansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurinsky_District=Yurinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouna=Gouna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieche=Kieche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contenda=Contenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Island,_Fife=Preston Island, Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Lake_(Thunder_Bay_District)=Winston Lake (Thunder Bay District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Lake_(Kenora_District)=Winston Lake (Kenora District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Creek_(Kenora_District)=Winston Creek (Kenora District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Creek_(Thunder_Bay_District)=Winston Creek (Thunder Bay District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portalegre,_Rio_Grande_do_Norte=Portalegre, Rio Grande do Norte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackenzie_Large_Igneous_Province=Mackenzie Large Igneous Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear's_Paw=Bear's Paw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapung_Lake=Sapung Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz-Carlton,_Washington,_D.C.=The Ritz-Carlton, Washington, D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongolo_Dam_(South_Africa)=Bongolo Dam (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bull_Lake_(Sudbury_District)=Little Bull Lake (Sudbury District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Range_dikes=Long Range dikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bull_Lake_(Algoma_District)=Little Bull Lake (Algoma District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Mountain_(Piscataquis_County,_Maine)=Elephant Mountain (Piscataquis County, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_River_(Ontario)=Bolton River (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosthwaite,_Borrowdale,_Cumbria=Rosthwaite, Borrowdale, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosthwaite,_Broughton,_Cumbria=Rosthwaite, Broughton, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_River_(Manitoba)=Bolton River (Manitoba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grange_in_Borrowdale=Grange in Borrowdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_Wash=Sacramento Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Marmara=Lake Marmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton_Keynes_Wind_Farm=Milton Keynes Wind Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemsford_Ferry=Lemsford Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air,_Haiti=Bel Air, Haiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerco_River=Puerco River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Norwalk_Railroad_Bridge=South Norwalk Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Center_(Baltimore)=Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Road_Swing_Bridge=Barton Road Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnhell_Green=Carnhell Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_in_Rome=Culture in Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Cay=Crab Cay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_railway_station=Melbourne railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumbaynggirr_State_Conservation_Area=Gumbaynggirr State Conservation Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black,_Illinois=Black, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kouaba=Kouaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandra_Terminus=Bandra Terminus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_la_Ventana_(mountains)=Sierra de la Ventana (mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Met_1=Met 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheddikulam=Cheddikulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Stadium=New York Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentra=Kentra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riis_Skov=Riis Skov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalowali=Dalowali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Building_(Great_Falls,_Montana)=Roberts Building (Great Falls, Montana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Desko_Mountains=Desko Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bates_Peak=Bates Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enigma_Peak=Enigma Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goward_Peak=Goward Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrill_Peak=Morrill Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thuma_Peak=Thuma Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overton_Peak=Overton Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Creek_basin=Buck Creek basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francois_Lake_Group=Francois Lake Group
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casummit_Creek=Casummit Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Summit_Lake_(Ontario)=South Summit Lake (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Summit_Lake_(British_Columbia)=Upper Summit Lake (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dartmouth_Peak=Dartmouth Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Happy_Valley_No._10=Rural Municipality of Happy Valley No. 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Hart_Butte_No._11=Rural Municipality of Hart Butte No. 11
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunshan_South_Railway_Station=Kunshan South Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveyor_Lake_(Nipissing_District)=Surveyor Lake (Nipissing District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveyor_Lake_(Algoma_District)=Surveyor Lake (Algoma District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyzylsky_District=Kyzylsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundy_Pond,_Newfoundland=Mundy Pond, Newfoundland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kazan_Region=Kazan Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongmyeong_Station=Cheongmyeong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_Fault_Zone=Brothers Fault Zone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizard_Creek_(Elk_River)=Lizard Creek (Elk River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scroby_Sands=Scroby Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obedjiwan,_Quebec=Obedjiwan, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsefly_Lake=Horsefly Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilltop,_West_Virginia=Hilltop, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashgar=Kashgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_High_Street_railway_station=Cheltenham High Street railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Sacred_Heart_of_Jesus_(New_York_City)=Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennan_Point=Brennan Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Burks=Cape Burks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dean_Island_(Antarctica)=Dean Island (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peters_Brook_(Stony_Brook)=Peters Brook (Stony Brook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canadian_Cascade_Arc=Canadian Cascade Arc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainham,_London=Rainham, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_resources_management_in_El_Salvador=Water resources management in El Salvador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhall,_Stratford-on-Avon=Exhall, Stratford-on-Avon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edenbridge,_Saskatchewan=Edenbridge, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mundesley_Lifeboat_Station=Mundesley Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoak,_West_Virginia=Pinoak, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_R._Newell_House_(Orlando,_Florida)=George R. Newell House (Orlando, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetbury_Road_railway_station=Tetbury Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lolo=Mount Lolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dodge_(United_States_Army_Post)=Fort Dodge (United States Army Post)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lizard_Lifeboat_Station=The Lizard Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Gate,_Cornwall=Castle Gate, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Range=Nelson Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokanee_Range=Kokanee Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corgee,_Cornwall=Corgee, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boguchansky_District=Boguchansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crean,_Cornwall=Crean, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pensilva=Pensilva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senapati_(Tahamzam)=Senapati (Tahamzam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramsgate_Lifeboat_Station=Ramsgate Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Loyalty=Forward Operating Base Loyalty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lellizzick=Lellizzick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregirls=Tregirls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bintry_Watermill=Bintry Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lank,_Cornwall=Lank, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laddenvean=Laddenvean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalmansky_District=Kalmansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarsky_District=Khabarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemetsky_National_District=Nemetsky National District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Kalmansky_District=Ust-Kalmansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Bridges,_Cornwall=Two Bridges, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lake_Johnston_No._102=Rural Municipality of Lake Johnston No. 102
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilaiya=Tilaiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells-next-the-Sea_Lifeboat_Station=Wells-next-the-Sea Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagu=Wagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizard_(village)=Lizard (village)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luckett,_Cornwall=Luckett, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narborough_Watermill=Narborough Watermill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Washington_Hotel_(Winchester,_Virginia)=The George Washington Hotel (Winchester, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metherell,_Cornwall=Metherell, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menagissey=Menagissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_13_Business_(Salisbury,_Maryland)=U.S. Route 13 Business (Salisbury, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Copeland=Mount Copeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moti_Jheel=Moti Jheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colliford_Lake=Colliford Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_section=Great Basin section
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padawan_municipality=Padawan municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_River_(Liard_River)=Smith River (Liard River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Island_(Grey_Islands)=Bell Island (Grey Islands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Mills,_Cornwall=New Mills, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Chapel=Fletcher Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlyon=Carlyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plen_an_Gwarry=Plen an Gwarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentewan_Valley=Pentewan Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Austell_Bay=St Austell Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Dominic,_Cornwall=St Dominic, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazilioniai=Bazilioniai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_South_Pier_MRT_Station=Marina South Pier MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis_Junction,_Maryland=Annapolis Junction, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milina=Milina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cayley_volcanic_field=Mount Cayley volcanic field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squamish_volcanic_field=Squamish volcanic field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hackett_River=Hackett River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nahlin_River=Nahlin River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuya_River=Tuya River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Tuya_River=Little Tuya River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_(British_Columbia)=Red River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouvelle_railway_station=Nouvelle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botanical_Garden_metro_station=Botanical Garden metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reichsforst_(Fichtel)=Reichsforst (Fichtel)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klappan_River=Klappan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klappan_Mountain=Klappan Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sustut_River=Sustut River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sustut_Lake=Sustut Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sustut_Peak=Sustut Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Salina_Street_Downtown_Historic_District=South Salina Street Downtown Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germansen_River=Germansen River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Villa=Ashton Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cromer_Hall=Cromer Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Austell_parishes=St Austell parishes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Magsaysay=Fort Magsaysay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molinos,_Chile=Molinos, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_End,_Brent=Church End, Brent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enevo,_Dobrich_Province=Enevo, Dobrich Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernevtsi=Chernevtsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_West_Virginia=Newton, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Satah_Mountain_volcanic_field=Satah Mountain volcanic field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portscatho=Portscatho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_Divide=Great Basin Divide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitzer_Woods=Pitzer Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterfall_Bluff=Waterfall Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilcove=Wilcove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramala=Ramala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogen_Glacier=Bogen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunonia_Glacier=Brunonia Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bary_Glacier=Bary Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christensen_Glacier_(South_Georgia)=Christensen Glacier (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christophersen_Glacier=Christophersen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton_Glacier=Clayton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restronguet_Point=Restronguet Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restronguet_Passage=Restronguet Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mylor_Creek=Mylor Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chycoose=Chycoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marton_Mere_Local_Nature_Reserve=Marton Mere Local Nature Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Snowfield=Murray Snowfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dead_End_Glacier=Dead End Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eclipse_Glacier=Eclipse Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamberg_Glacier=Hamberg Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmer_Glacier=Harmer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaney_Glacier=Heaney Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helland_Glacier=Helland Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henningsen_Glacier=Henningsen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachtigal_Glacier=Nachtigal Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewald_Glacier=Lewald Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenkins_Glacier=Jenkins Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodges_Glacier=Hodges Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herz_Glacier=Herz Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewell_Glacier=Jewell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kjerulf_Glacier=Kjerulf Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancing_Glacier=Lancing Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Glacier=Lucas Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Glacier_(South_Georgia)=Morris Glacier (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philippi_Glacier_(South_Georgia)=Philippi Glacier (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peters_Glacier_(South_Georgia)=Peters Glacier (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purvis_Glacier=Purvis Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Glacier=Ryan Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Risting_Glacier=Risting Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storey_Glacier=Storey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spenceley_Glacier=Spenceley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salomon_Glacier=Salomon Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schrader_Glacier=Schrader Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimberg=Nimberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voll,_Akershus=Voll, Akershus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Frost=Mount Frost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunan_Shuofang_International_Airport=Sunan Shuofang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Downtown_Historic_District_(Clinton,_Michigan)=Clinton Downtown Historic District (Clinton, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wick=The Wick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porthilly=Porthilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawmill_Brook_(New_Jersey)=Sawmill Brook (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penarth_Lifeboat_Station=Penarth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brea_Hill=Brea Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_House,_Richmond_Hill=Wick House, Richmond Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barry_Dock_Lifeboat_Station=Barry Dock Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_College_Lifeboat_Station=Atlantic College Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryina_Roshcha_(Moscow_Metro)=Maryina Roshcha (Moscow Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porthcawl_Lifeboat_Station=Porthcawl Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Talbot_Lifeboat_Station=Port Talbot Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Stadium_(Texas)=Toyota Stadium (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Points_North_Landing,_Saskatchewan=Points North Landing, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbles_Lifeboat_Station=Mumbles Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darleyford=Darleyford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlands_Stadium=Meadowlands Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosport_Lifeboat_Station=Gosport Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Luong=Kampong Luong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford_railway_station_(1860-1942)=Brentford railway station (1860-1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyannis_Harbor=Hyannis Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piute_Wash=Piute Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmastalu=Ilmastalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madila=Madila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_and_Port_Eynon_Lifeboat_Station=Horton and Port Eynon Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edwards_House=John Edwards House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena=Siena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Dome_(butte)=Castle Dome (butte)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny_Field_(Washington)=Denny Field (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfrider=Surfrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burry_Port_Lifeboat_Station=Burry Port Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Bay=Marie Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangerluarsoruseq=Kangerluarsoruseq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Hill=Crow Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_James=Mount James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Wash_(Mohave_County)=Centennial Wash (Mohave County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brig_railway_station=Brig railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penzhinsky_District=Penzhinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gildea_Glacier=Gildea Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldham=Worldham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lakeside_No._338=Rural Municipality of Lakeside No. 338
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finlay_tephras=Finlay tephras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rewa_Plateau=Rewa Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarovsky_District=Khabarovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijawar-Panna_Plateau=Bijawar-Panna Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Grant_No._372=Rural Municipality of Grant No. 372
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rok_River=Rok River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Reciprocity_No._32=Rural Municipality of Reciprocity No. 32
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Moose_Creek_No._33=Rural Municipality of Moose Creek No. 33
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Browning_No._34=Rural Municipality of Browning No. 34
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Bengough_No._40=Rural Municipality of Bengough No. 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Cymri_No._36=Rural Municipality of Cymri No. 36
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Laurier_No._38=Rural Municipality of Laurier No. 38
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Glen_McPherson_No._46=Rural Municipality of Glen McPherson No. 46
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Moose_Mountain_No._63=Rural Municipality of Moose Mountain No. 63
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Brock_No._64=Rural Municipality of Brock No. 64
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Brokenshell_No._68=Rural Municipality of Brokenshell No. 68
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Excel_No._71=Rural Municipality of Excel No. 71
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lake_of_the_Rivers_No._72=Rural Municipality of Lake of the Rivers No. 72
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Maryfield_No._91=Rural Municipality of Maryfield No. 91
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Hazelwood_No._94=Rural Municipality of Hazelwood No. 94
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Golden_West_No._95=Rural Municipality of Golden West No. 95
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Caledonia_No._99=Rural Municipality of Caledonia No. 99
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Elmsthorpe_No._100=Rural Municipality of Elmsthorpe No. 100
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianus_River_Railroad_Bridge=Mianus River Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Brook=Cedar Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oryu_Station=Oryu Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chemehuevi_Wash=Chemehuevi Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mainprize_Regional_Park=Mainprize Regional Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavkazsky_District=Kavkazsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korenovsky_District=Korenovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labinsky_District=Labinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Labinsky_District=Ust-Labinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cealasaigh=Cealasaigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Kingsley_No._124=Rural Municipality of Kingsley No. 124
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Air_and_Space_Center=Virginia Air and Space Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_of_Coeymans=Port of Coeymans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich_(village),_New_York=Greenwich (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smardale=Smardale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Town,_Isles_of_Scilly=Old Town, Isles of Scilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluejay_Creek=Bluejay Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longview_Farm=Longview Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmitt_Mesa=Schmitt Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Hotel=Captain Cook Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Parel_railway_station=Lower Parel railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Francis_No._127=Rural Municipality of Francis No. 127
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lajord_No._128=Rural Municipality of Lajord No. 128
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Bratt's_Lake_No._129=Rural Municipality of Bratt's Lake No. 129
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Hillsborough_No._132=Rural Municipality of Hillsborough No. 132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maypole,_Isles_of_Scilly=Maypole, Isles of Scilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Water_Tower_(Waldo,_Arkansas)=Waldo Water Tower (Waldo, Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_High_School=Allegheny High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seine_River_Diversion=Seine River Diversion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Public_School=Springfield Public School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_funicular=Bellevue funicular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Alen_Building=Van Alen Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Biggar_No._347=Rural Municipality of Biggar No. 347
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville_funicular_tramway=Belleville funicular tramway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadarpiku=Kadarpiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadapiku,_Kadrina_Parish=Kadapiku, Kadrina Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadapiku,_Tamsalu_Parish=Kadapiku, Tamsalu Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Park,_Cornwall=Paradise Park, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton,_West_Oxfordshire=Upton, West Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weston-super-Mare_Lifeboat_Station=Weston-super-Mare Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varbuse=Varbuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinsky_District=Ordinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Buchanan_No._304=Rural Municipality of Buchanan No. 304
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Buffalo_No._409=Rural Municipality of Buffalo No. 409
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Calder_No._241=Rural Municipality of Calder No. 241
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Fertile_Belt_No._183=Rural Municipality of Fertile Belt No. 183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Grayson_No._184=Rural Municipality of Grayson No. 184
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend-on-Sea_Lifeboat_Station=Southend-on-Sea Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_McLeod_No._185=Rural Municipality of McLeod No. 185
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porthgwidden=Porthgwidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozice,_Croatia=Kozice, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selce,_Croatia=Selce, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Canyon_Dam=Carbon Canyon Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obudu_Plateau=Obudu Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampines_East_MRT_Station=Tampines East MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampines_West_MRT_Station=Tampines West MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Enfield_No._194=Rural Municipality of Enfield No. 194
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Cana_No._214=Rural Municipality of Cana No. 214
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lipton_No._217=Rural Municipality of Lipton No. 217
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Cupar_No._218=Rural Municipality of Cupar No. 218
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Longlaketon_No._219=Rural Municipality of Longlaketon No. 219
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Canaan_No._225=Rural Municipality of Canaan No. 225
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Chesterfield_No._261=Rural Municipality of Chesterfield No. 261
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azovsky_Nemetsky_National_District=Azovsky Nemetsky National District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Emerald_No._277=Rural Municipality of Emerald No. 277
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Fish_Creek_No._402=Rural Municipality of Fish Creek No. 402
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Clayton_No._333=Rural Municipality of Clayton No. 333
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Clinworth_No._230=Rural Municipality of Clinworth No. 230
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Cote_No._271=Rural Municipality of Cote No. 271
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Coteau_No._255=Rural Municipality of Coteau No. 255
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Cut_Knife_No._439=Rural Municipality of Cut Knife No. 439
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Douglas_No._436=Rural Municipality of Douglas No. 436
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Mountain_(North_Carolina)=Albert Mountain (North Carolina)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Duck_Lake_No._463=Rural Municipality of Duck Lake No. 463
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Yuba_River=South Yuba River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoeyang_Southeast_Airport=Hoeyang Southeast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norgrove_Court=Norgrove Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_General_of_Warsaw=Government General of Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuno=Vuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Tunnel=Simpson Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozarice=Kozarice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozarica=Kozarica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Castilho=Del Castilho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calero_Reservoir=Calero Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_House_(Manhattan)=Red House (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Solar_Power_Project=Blythe Solar Power Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Garry_No._245=Rural Municipality of Garry No. 245
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Glenside_No._377=Rural Municipality of Glenside No. 377
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Grandview_No._349=Rural Municipality of Grandview No. 349
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Grass_Lake_No._381=Rural Municipality of Grass Lake No. 381
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Good_Lake_No._274=Rural Municipality of Good Lake No. 274
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Harris_No._316=Rural Municipality of Harris No. 316
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bensen_House=Bensen House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Township,_Midland_County,_Michigan=Mills Township, Midland County, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Township,_Missaukee_County,_Michigan=Holland Township, Missaukee County, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Ravendale_Priory=West Ravendale Priory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonopah_Desert=Tonopah Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Hazel_Dell_No._335=Rural Municipality of Hazel Dell No. 335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Hillsdale_No._440=Rural Municipality of Hillsdale No. 440
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Echo_Valley_Provincial_Park=Echo Valley Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Matareya=El Matareya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Invermay_No._305=Rural Municipality of Invermay No. 305
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Ituna_Bon_Accord_No._246=Rural Municipality of Ituna Bon Accord No. 246
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Kellross_No._247=Rural Municipality of Kellross No. 247
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Keys_No._303=Rural Municipality of Keys No. 303
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_King_George_No._256=Rural Municipality of King George No. 256
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Kinistino_No._459=Rural Municipality of Kinistino No. 459
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Yarra_River=Little Yarra River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrim=Skrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lacadena_No._228=Rural Municipality of Lacadena No. 228
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Laird_No._404=Rural Municipality of Laird No. 404
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lake_Lenore_No._399=Rural Municipality of Lake Lenore No. 399
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadabi=Kadabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensted_Green=Greensted Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pannonian_Croatia=Pannonian Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_of_Lakeland_No._521=District of Lakeland No. 521
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daultabad=Daultabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Last_Mountain_Valley_No._250=Rural Municipality of Last Mountain Valley No. 250
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Livingston_No._331=Rural Municipality of Livingston No. 331
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Lake_Provincial_Recreation_Site=Cypress Lake Provincial Recreation Site
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Miry_Creek_No._229=Rural Municipality of Miry Creek No. 229
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Monet_No._257=Rural Municipality of Monet No. 257
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dargo_River=Dargo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southolt=Southolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olivet_Cumberland_Presbyterian_Church=Mount Olivet Cumberland Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Loon_Lake_No._561=Rural Municipality of Loon Lake No. 561
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Medstead_No._497=Rural Municipality of Medstead No. 497
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Meeting_Lake_No._466=Rural Municipality of Meeting Lake No. 466
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Meota_No._468=Rural Municipality of Meota No. 468
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilhoite_Nunataks=Wilhoite Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkins_Mountains=Wilkins Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkins_Nunatak=Wilkins Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Will_Point=Will Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willett_Range=Willett Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willey_Glacier=Willey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Cove=Williams Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Peak_(Antarctica)=Williams Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson_Head=Williamson Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Glacier=Willis Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Willis=Mount Willis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson_Peninsula=Williamson Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson_Ridge=Williamson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Nunataks=Wilson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Piedmont_Glacier=Wilson Piedmont Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_Rock=Wilson Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Wiman=Cape Wiman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Windle=Mount Windle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windwhistle_Peak=Windwhistle Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windy_Cove=Windy Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windy_Peak=Windy Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirdnam_Glacier=Wirdnam Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wirth_Peninsula=Wirth Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wise_Peak=Wise Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wise=Mount Wise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witte_Nunataks=Witte Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wold_Nunatak=Wold Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wood_Point=Wood Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodberry_Glacier=Woodberry Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodgate_Crest=Woodgate Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodgyer_Peak=Woodgyer Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Woolnough=Mount Woolnough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolam_Peak=Woolam Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wordie_Point=Wordie Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worley_Point=Worley Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worsley_Icefalls=Worsley Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wotkyns_Glacier=Wotkyns Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wrather=Mount Wrather
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Hill=Wright Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Inlet=Wright Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Pass=Wright Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Spires=Wright Spires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wunneburger_Rock=Wunneburger Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Peak=Alexander Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Aldrich=Mount Aldrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alert_Channel=Alert Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alert_Cove=Alert Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alert_Point=Alert Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alert_Rock=Alert Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Alexandra=Cape Alexandra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexander_Cone=Alexander Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Alf=Mount Alf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alison_Ice_Stream=Alison Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allan_Thomson=Mount Allan Thomson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All-Blacks_Nunataks=All-Blacks Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allan_(Antarctica)=Mount Allan (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allemand_Peak=Allemand Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Bay=Allen Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Point=Allen Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Peak=Allen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alley_Glacier=Alley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alligator_Peak=Alligator Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alligator_Ridge=Alligator Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allsup=Mount Allsup
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Almond=The Almond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsford_Bay=Alsford Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Island=Alpha Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Alpheratz=Mount Alpheratz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altar_Mountain=Altar Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Altiplano=The Altiplano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambalada_Peak=Ambalada Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amos_Glacier=Amos Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amphitheatre_Glacier=Amphitheatre Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ample_Bay=Ample Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anandakrishnan_Glacier=Anandakrishnan Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchor_Crag=Anchor Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchorage_Bay=Anchorage Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anckorn_Nunataks=Anckorn Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andersen_Escarpment=Andersen Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Knoll=Anderson Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Massif=Anderson Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Nunataks=Anderson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Pyramid=Anderson Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson_Summit=Anderson Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Andes=Mount Andes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Andreyev=Cape Andreyev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews_Rocks=Andrews Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Andrews=Mount Andrews
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews_Peaks=Andrews Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angino_Buttress=Angino Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angle_Peak=Angle Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aniline_Island=Aniline Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Annawan=Cape Annawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annexstad_Peak=Annexstad Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anne_Hill=Anne Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Antell=Mount Antell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antarctic_Point=Antarctic Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Glacier=Anthony Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anvil_Stacks=Anvil Stacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aorta_Ridge=Aorta Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apollo_Peak=Apollo Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Archer_Point=Archer Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Archer=Cape Archer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arch_Pond=Arch Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_Corner=Arena Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena_Saddle=Arena Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argo_Glacier=Argo Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Argosy_Glacier=Argosy Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Argus=Mount Argus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arkhangel'skiy_Nunataks=Arkhangel'skiy Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armbruster_Rocks=Armbruster Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armitage_Saddle=Armitage Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_Peninsula=Armour Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Armytage=Mount Armytage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armour_Inlet=Armour Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold_Cove=Arnold Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Glacier=Armstrong Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnoldy_Nunatak=Arnoldy Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arrowhead_Nunatak=Arrowhead Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Glacier=Arthur Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ascent_Glacier=Ascent Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthurson_Ridge=Arthurson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ash=Mount Ash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashen_Hills=Ashen Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asher_Peak=Asher Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashtray_Basin=Ashtray Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Askin=Mount Askin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Glacier=Ashton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babe_Island=Babe Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Back=Mount Back
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backer_Islands=Backer Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backstairs_Passage_Glacier=Backstairs Passage Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Backdrop_Ridge=Backdrop Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bagshawe=Mount Bagshawe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Ridge=Bailey Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Nunatak=Bailey Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Knob=Baker Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Point=Baker Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker_Nunatak=Baker Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balchunas_Pass=Balchunas Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balchen_Glacier=Balchen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Valley=Baldwin Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balham_Lake=Balham Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balish_Glacier=Balish Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Glacier_(Victoria_Land)=Ball Glacier (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Peninsula=Ball Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballance_Peak=Ballance Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ball_Stream=Ball Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsam_Beach=Balsam Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandy_Island=Bandy Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bally_Glacier=Bally Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banna_Peak=Banna Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banna_Ridge=Banna Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bar_Rocks=Bar Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Band=Mount Band
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barber_Cove=Barber Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcus_Glacier=Barcus Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Barden=Mount Barden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardsdell_Nunatak=Bardsdell Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barela_Rock=Barela Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bareback_Ridge=Bareback Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barker_Nunatak=Barker Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Barkow=Mount Barkow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlas_Bank=Barlas Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barlow_Rocks=Barlow Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnacle_Valley=Barnacle Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_Bluff=Barnes Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnes_Ridge=Barnes Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barracouta_Rock=Barracouta Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Barren=Mount Barren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_Buttress=Barrett Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_Island=Barrett Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrett_Nunataks=Barrett Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Barsoum=Mount Barsoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barter_Bluff=Barter Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartrum_Glacier=Bartrum Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_Peak=Basilica Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basecamp_Valley=Basecamp Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilisk_Peak=Basilisk Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bastion_Hill=Bastion Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bastion=Mount Bastion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batterbee_Mountains=Batterbee Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battlements_Nunatak=Battlements Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battleship_Promontory=Battleship Promontory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baumann_Crag=Baumann Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Baume=Mount Baume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baxter_Glacier=Baxter Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Herlacher=Cape Herlacher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beach_Point=Beach Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Dome=Beacon Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Heights=Beacon Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Valley=Beacon Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beakley_Glacier=Beakley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Mervin_No._499=Rural Municipality of Mervin No. 499
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Milden_No._286=Rural Municipality of Milden No. 286
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Montrose_No._315=Rural Municipality of Montrose No. 315
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Moose_Range_No._486=Rural Municipality of Moose Range No. 486
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beale_Peak=Beale Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bean_Peaks=Bean Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beard_Peak=Beard Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bearman_Glacier=Bearman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaudoin_Peak=Beaudoin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont_Glacier=Beaumont Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bearskin=Mount Bearskin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker_Point=Becker Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Beazley=Mount Beazley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckett_Nunatak=Beckett Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckmann_Fjord=Beckmann Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Begg_Point=Begg Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beitzel_Peak=Beitzel Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Belgrave=Mount Belgrave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belknap_Nunatak=Belknap Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Valley=Bell Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellafronto_Bight=Bellafronto Bight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingshausen_Point=Bellingshausen Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bellingshausen=Mount Bellingshausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellisime_Glacier=Bellisime Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benbrook_Glacier=Benbrook Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellum_Valley=Bellum Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bender_Mountains=Bender Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benedict_Peak=Benedict Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Benkert=Mount Benkert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benes_Peak=Benes Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Bluff=Bennett Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennett_Saddle=Bennett Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Mountain_View_No._318=Rural Municipality of Mountain View No. 318
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_River_(Michigan)=Bell River (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilha_de_Luanda=Ilha de Luanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angle_Lifeboat_Station=Angle Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chambers_Township,_Ontario=Chambers Township, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathcona_Township,_Ontario=Strathcona Township, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Township,_Ontario=Best Township, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insein,_Kale=Insein, Kale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford,_Cornwall=Bradford, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pengelly=Pengelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_End,_Hampshire=East End, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Divide_Peak_(Madera_County,_California)=Triple Divide Peak (Madera County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_Bluff=Benson Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_Knob=Benson Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_Hills=Benson Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benson_Glacier=Benson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beowulf_Glacier=Beowulf Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bentley=Mount Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berg_Ice_Stream=Berg Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berg_Mountains=Berg Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Island=Benton Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergen_Nunataks=Bergen Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Berger=Mount Berger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bering_Nunatak=Bering Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin_Crevasse_Field=Berlin Crevasse Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermel_Escarpment=Bermel Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernacchi_Bay=Bernacchi Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bergen=Mount Bergen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Bernacchi=Cape Bernacchi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berntsen_Ridge=Berntsen Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Massif=Berry Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Peaks=Berry Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berry_Spur=Berry Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertodano_Bay=Bertodano Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertram_Glacier=Bertram Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Besch=Mount Besch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Best_Peak=Best Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Best=Cape Best
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bettle_Peak=Bettle Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyl_Head=Beyl Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibra_Valley=Bibra Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Brother_Bluff=Big Brother Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bigler_Nunataks=Bigler Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biker_Glacier=Biker Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Inlet=Bill Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bill_Rock=Bill Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billey_Bluff=Billey Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binary_Peaks=Binary Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binder_Beach=Binder Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binder_Rocks=Binder Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindschadler_Glacier=Bindschadler Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingham_Peak=Bingham Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bingham_Glacier=Bingham Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binnie_Peaks=Binnie Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birchall_Peaks=Birchall Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Bluff=Bird Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdwell_Point=Birdwell Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bird_Sound=Bird Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birdie_Rocks=Birdie Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bitgood=Mount Bitgood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjelland_Point=Bjelland Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjornstadt_Bay=Bjornstadt Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Face=Black Face
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Icefalls=Black Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Pudding_Peak=Black Pudding Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Ridge=Black Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackrock_Ridge=Blackrock Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackstone_Plain=Blackstone Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwelder_Glacier=Blackwelder Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Blades=Mount Blades
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blake_Massif=Blake Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowhead_Bridge_(Prince_George)=Yellowhead Bridge (Prince George)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howe_Street=Howe Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellowhead_Bridge_(Kamloops)=Yellowhead Bridge (Kamloops)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pleasant=Fort Pleasant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hortaleza=Hortaleza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymanske_(urban-type_settlement)=Lymanske (urban-type settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenfordbridge=Wenfordbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_Peninsula=Kiev Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probuda_Ridge=Probuda Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyer_Peak=Eyer Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arapya_Glacier=Arapya Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumyana_Glacier=Rumyana Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brichebor_Peak_(Antarctica)=Brichebor Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinson_Plateau=Vinson Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobsen_Valley=Jacobsen Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obelya_Glacier=Obelya Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krusha_Peak=Krusha Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirma_Glacier=Sirma Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolgrad_Glacier=Bolgrad Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodmen_of_the_World_Building_(Omaha,_Nebraska)=Woodmen of the World Building (Omaha, Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_Province=Great Basin Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branxholm,_Tasmania=Branxholm, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee,_Hampshire=Lee, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culkein_Drumbeg=Culkein Drumbeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pahute_Mesa_(landform)=Pahute Mesa (landform)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Water_Gap_(Delaware,_Lackawanna_and_Western_Railroad_station)=Delaware Water Gap (Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevier_Desert=Sevier Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carson_Desert=Carson Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutter_Basin=Sutter Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worting,_Hampshire=Worting, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blanchard_Nunataks=Blanchard Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blechnum_Peaks=Blechnum Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blankenship_Glacier=Blankenship Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bleclic_Peaks=Bleclic Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bledisloe_Glacier=Bledisloe Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Block_Bay=Block Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloch_Peak=Bloch Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Blick=Mount Blick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blessing_Bluff=Blessing Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Block_Lake=Block Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloor_Reef=Bloor Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Whale_Harbour=Blue Whale Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blubaugh_Nunatak=Blubaugh Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Whale_Mountain=Blue Whale Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blorenge_Buttress=Blorenge Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Blowaway=Mount Blowaway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boat_Harbour,_South_Georgia=Boat Harbour, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobby_Rocks=Bobby Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bockheim=Mount Bockheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodman_Point=Bodman Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bodziony=Mount Bodziony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeger_Peak=Boeger Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Boennighausen=Mount Boennighausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Boggs=Cape Boggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Main_Post_Office=New Brunswick Main Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Springs_Pass=Indian Springs Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boker_Rocks=Boker Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bol_Glacier=Bol Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonne_Glacier=Bonne Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boney_Point=Boney Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonner_Beach=Bonner Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boom_Basin=Boom Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boot_Rock=Boot Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Booth_Spur=Booth Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bordal_Rock=Bordal Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bore_Valley=Bore Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreas_Peak=Boreas Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borg_Bastion=Borg Bastion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Borgeson=Mount Borgeson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borley_Point=Borley Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowski_Peak=Borowski Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boschert_Glacier=Boschert Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boudette_Peaks=Boudette Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bounty_Nunatak=Bounty Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourgeois_Nunataks=Bourgeois Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowden_Glacier=Bowden Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bowen=Mount Bowen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowers_Corner=Bowers Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowers_Piedmont_Glacier=Bowers Piedmont Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie_Crevasse_Field=Bowie Crevasse Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green_Col=Bowling Green Col
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bowlin=Mount Bowlin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowling_Green_Plateau=Bowling Green Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowsprit_Point=Bowsprit Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowyer_Butte=Bowyer Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Glacier=Boyd Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Ridge=Boyd Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyd_Head=Boyd Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Boyer=Mount Boyer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braces_Point=Braces Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyer_Spur=Boyer Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Braathen=Cape Braathen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Boyles=Mount Boyles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bracken_Peak=Bracken Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braddock_Nunataks=Braddock Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_Nunatak=Bradley Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradshaw_Peak=Bradshaw Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bradshaw=Mount Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brain_Island=Brain Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bramhall=Mount Bramhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brand_Peak=Brand Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandau_Crater=Brandau Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandau_Rocks=Brandau Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandt_Cove=Brandt Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandenberger_Bluff=Brandenberger Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandwein_Nunataks=Brandwein Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratina_Island=Bratina Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratina_Lagoon=Bratina Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Braun=Mount Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brawhm_Pass=Brawhm Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakbones_Plateau=Breakbones Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakwater_Rocks=Breakwater Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecher_Glacier=Brecher Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bray=Mount Bray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakwind_Ridge=Breakwind Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Brecher=Mount Brecher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakwater_Point=Breakwater Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breeding_Nunatak=Breeding Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennan_Inlet=Brennan Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brennecke_Nunataks=Brennecke Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Brice=Mount Brice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bridge_Riegel=Bridge Riegel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brier_Icefalls=Brier Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briesemeister_Peak=Briesemeister Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briggs_Point=Briggs Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindle_Cliffs=Brindle Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briggs_Hill=Briggs Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bristly_Peaks=Bristly Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Britt_Peak=Britt Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brock_Gully=Brock Gully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Brocoum=Mount Brocoum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodie_Ponds=Brodie Ponds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodie_Peak=Brodie Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Brocklehurst=Mount Brocklehurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromwich_Terrace=Bromwich Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromley_Peak=Bromley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Brooke=Mount Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookman_Point=Brookman Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Broome=Mount Broome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brothers_Rocks=Brothers Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brough_Nunatak=Brough Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brow_Point=Brow Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Hills=Brown Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Peninsula=Brown Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Valley=Brown Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Scarp=Brown Scarp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Browning=Mount Browning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browning_Pass=Browning Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brownson_Islands=Brownson Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruner_Hill=Bruner Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruce_Point=Bruce Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brush_Glacier=Brush Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Glacier=Bryan Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryan_Coast=Bryan Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryde_Rocks=Bryde Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brutus_Island=Brutus Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bubble_Spur=Bubble Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bubier=Mount Bubier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucher_Rim=Bucher Rim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucher_Peak=Bucher Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucknell_Ridge=Bucknell Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Hills=Buchanan Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Buddha=Lake Buddha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buettner_Peak=Buettner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buennagel_Peak=Buennagel Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buggisch_Peak=Buggisch Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buddha_Rock=Buddha Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulbur_Glacier=Bulbur Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulfinch_Ridge=Bulfinch Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulwark_Stream=Bulwark Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Bump=The Bump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bunner_Glacier=Bunner Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkitt_Nunatak=Burkitt Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Burley=Mount Burley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnet_Cove=Burnet Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burns_Bluff=Burns Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_Ridges=Burnside Ridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnette_Rock=Burnette Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Buromskiy=Cape Buromskiy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrage_Dome=Burrage Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Burrows=Mount Burrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bursey_Icefalls=Bursey Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bursey=Mount Bursey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bursik=Mount Bursik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burtis_Island=Burtis Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt_Rocks=Burt Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Cove=Burton Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushell_Bluff=Bushell Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Island=Butler Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butcher_Nunatak=Butcher Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butcher_Ridge=Butcher Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_Peaks=Butler Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttress_Nunatak=Buttress Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Byerly=Mount Byerly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Byrd=Cape Byrd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bystander_Nunatak=Bystander Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_Subglacial_Basin=Byrd Subglacial Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrera_Nunatak=Cabrera Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrial_Rock=Cabrial Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cache_Heights=Cache Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadenazzi_Rock=Cadenazzi Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cadbury=Mount Cadbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadle_Monolith=Cadle Monolith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cadwalader_Inlet=Cadwalader Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caffin_Valley=Caffin Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cagle_Peaks=Cagle Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cady_Nunatak=Cady Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cahill=Mount Cahill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns_Cove=Cairns Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns_Shoal=Cairns Shoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calf_Head=Calf Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Caldwell=Mount Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Plateau=California Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callender_Peak=Callender Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caloplaca_Hills=Caloplaca Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camana_Rock=Camana Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambridge_Glacier=Cambridge Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camelback_Ridge=Camelback Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_River=Kara River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainton_Street_Halt_railway_station=Hainton Street Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guichon_Creek_(Nicola_River)=Guichon Creek (Nicola River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asab=Asab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Bay=Camp Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Hills=Camp Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Peak=Camp Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Crag=Campbell Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Glacier=Campbell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Glacier_Tongue=Campbell Glacier Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Valley=Campbell Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbell_Ridges=Campbell Ridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canis_Heights=Canis Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoe_Nunatak=Canoe Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canopus_Crags=Canopus Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canopy_Cliffs=Canopy Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falmouth_Lifeboat_Station=Falmouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canterbury_Spur=Canterbury Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capella_Rocks=Capella Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Capley=Mount Capley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carapace_Nunatak=Carapace Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capsize_Glacier=Capsize Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Point=Carbon Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Carbone=Mount Carbone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carcelles_Peak=Carcelles Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardno_Point=Cardno Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Point=Carey Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Range=Carey Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Glacier=Carey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton_Glacier=Carleton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carl_Passage=Carl Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cargo_Pond=Cargo Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlson_Peak=Carlson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Carmer=Mount Carmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnein_Glacier=Carnein Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnell_Peak=Carnell Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carr_Crest=Carr Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Carrara=Mount Carrara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll_Inlet=Carroll Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carter_Island=Carter Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carse_Point=Carse Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casatelli_Peak=Casatelli Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Case_Island=Case Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Inlet=Casey Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Glacier=Casey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castillo_Point=Castillo Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassini_Glacier=Cassini Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unger_Peak=Unger Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Jaw_Glacier=Upper Jaw Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urban_Point=Urban Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_Valley=University Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Unicorn=Mount Unicorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castor_Rock=Castor Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Nunatak=Cat Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacomb_Hill=Catacomb Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cat_Ridge=Cat Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utz_Spur=Utz Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catacomb_Ridge=Catacomb Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catcher_Icefall=Catcher Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catenary_Nunatak=Catenary Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wust_Inlet=Wust Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_Rocks=Cathedral Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyandot_Ridge=Wyandot Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauldron_Pool=Cauldron Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyatt_Hill=Wyatt Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cavaney=Mount Cavaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wyatt_Earp=Mount Wyatt Earp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Point=Cave Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Caywood=Mount Caywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celestial_Peak=Celestial Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wyman=Mount Wyman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Aisle_Ridge=Central Aisle Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerberus_Peak=Cerberus Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cetus_Hill=Cetus Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Moraines=Chain Moraines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chain_Nunataks=Chain Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Chalmers=Mount Chalmers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chamberlin_Rampart=Chamberlin Rampart
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_Lakes=Chancellor Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Chandler=Mount Chandler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chang_Peak=Chang Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chancellor_Ridge=Chancellor Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplains_Tableland=Chaplains Tableland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Hump=Chapman Hump
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Snowfield=Chapman Snowfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin_Head=Chaplin Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Chapman=Lake Chapman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappell_Nunataks=Chappell Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappell_Peak=Chappell Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charcot_Cove=Charcot Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charles_Peak=Charles Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chastain_Peak=Chastain Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chattahoochee_Glacier=Chattahoochee Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chavez_Glacier=Chavez Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheetham_Ice_Tongue=Cheetham Ice Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheesman_Island=Cheesman Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheeks_Nunatak=Cheeks Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheney_Bluff=Cheney Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Mountains=Chester Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Chetwynd=Mount Chetwynd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Chiang=Mount Chiang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimaera_Flats=Chimaera Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinn_Glacier=Chinn Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinstrap_Point=Chinstrap Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Chocolate=Cape Chocolate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christie_Peaks=Christie Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christmas_Cliffs=Christmas Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Christmas=Cape Christmas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christoph_Nunatak=Christoph Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otago_Spur=Otago Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Otis=Mount Otis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Circle_Icefall=Circle Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outer_Lee_Island=Outer Lee Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outer_Moraine_Reef=Outer Moraine Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clapmatch_Point=Clapmatch Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outpost_Nunataks=Outpost Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Outrider_Nunatak=Outrider Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overflow_Glacier=Overflow Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overturn_Glacier=Overturn Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oviedo_Cove=Oviedo Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clare_Range=Clare Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Clara=Mount Clara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Peak=Owen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarity_Point=Clarity Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Hills=Clark Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Ridge=Owen Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark_Knoll=Clark Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owen_Shoals=Owen Shoals
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clarke_Bluff=Clarke Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clausen_Glacier=Clausen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Point=Clear Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cleary=Mount Cleary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Rock=Cleveland Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cline_Glacier=Cline Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Glacier=Cleveland Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifford_Glacier=Clifford Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Mesa=Cleveland Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinker_Gulch=Clinker Gulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clio_Glacier=Clio Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Dowd_Cove=O'Dowd Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Kane_Glacier=O'Kane Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Kane_Canyon=O'Kane Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neal_Nunataks=O'Neal Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_O'Neil=Mount O'Neil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Neill_Peak=O'Neill Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Sullivan_Peak=O'Sullivan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oates_Piedmont_Glacier=Oates Piedmont Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Obiglio=Mount Obiglio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Obruchev=Mount Obruchev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Oceanite=Mount Oceanite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochs_Glacier=Ochs Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odell_Glacier=Odell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oehlenschlager_Bluff=Oehlenschlager Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Office_Boys=The Office Boys
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oeschger_Bluff=Oeschger Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ojakangas=Mount Ojakangas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olander_Nunatak=Olander Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olav_Rocks=Olav Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clowes_Glacier=Clowes Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Island=Coal Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochran_Peak=Cochran Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobblers_Cove=Cobblers Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham_Range=Cobham Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffin_Top=Coffin Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Colburn=Mount Colburn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Point=Cole Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cohn_Bluff=Cohn Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cole_Peak=Cole Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coleman_Nunatak=Coleman Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Coley=Mount Coley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Coleman=Mount Coleman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colleen_Lake=Colleen Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Collier=Cape Collier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colony_Cirque=Colony Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Glacier=Colorado Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Colombo=Mount Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colosseum_Ridge=Colosseum Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columnar_Valley=Columnar Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colwell_Massif=Colwell Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Combs=Mount Combs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comberiate_Glacier=Comberiate Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commanda_Glacier=Commanda Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comer_Crag=Comer Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Communication_Heights=Communication Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton_Valley=Compton Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conant_Valley=Conant Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condor_Peninsula=Condor Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cone_Point=Cone Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conchie_Glacier=Conchie Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Confusion=Cape Confusion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conglomerate_Ridge=Conglomerate Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Condit_Glacier=Condit Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connell_Canyon=Connell Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Conrad=Mount Conrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constellation_Inlet=Constellation Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contrast_Rocks=Contrast Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_Range=Conway Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Bay_(South_Georgia)=Cook Bay (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_Ice_Ridge=Conway Ice Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Rock=Cook Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Ridge=Cook Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooke_Bluff=Cooke Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooke_Glacier=Cooke Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coombes_Ridge=Coombes Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coombs_Hills=Coombs Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Icefalls=Cooper Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Basin_physiographic_province=Wyoming Basin physiographic province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapuas_River_(Barito_River)=Kapuas River (Barito River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Mans_Head=Old Mans Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Oldenburg=Mount Oldenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olentangy_Glacier=Olentangy Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ollivant_Point=Ollivant Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olsen_Peak=Olsen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olsen_Rock=Olsen Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olsen_Valley=Olsen Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olson_Neve=Olson Neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olson_Nunatak=Olson Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ong_Valley=Ong Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onnum_Ridge=Onnum Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onnum_Valley=Onnum Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Operose_Peak=Operose Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orca_Peak=Orca Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Organ_Pipe_Peaks=Organ Pipe Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orheim_Point=Orheim Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orion_Massif=Orion Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orr_Island=Orr Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Osborne=Mount Osborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscar_Point=Oscar Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmic_Hill=Osmic Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vito=Mount Vito
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ostenso=Mount Ostenso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivian_Nunatak=Vivian Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogel_Peak=Vogel Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voight_Nunatak=Voight Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Von_der_Wall_Point=Von der Wall Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vornberger_Glacier=Vornberger Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vulcan_Nunatak=Vulcan Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/England_Ridge=England Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_England=Mount England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Rock=English Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enten_Bay=Enten Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enterprise_Hills=Enterprise Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Entrikin_Glacier=Entrikin Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niznik_Island=Niznik Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nobby_(Antarctica)=Nobby (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble_Nunatak=Noble Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Island=Nolan Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nolan_Pillar=Nolan Pillar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noll_Glacier=Noll Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Nordhill=Mount Nordhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Glacier=Norfolk Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norman_Glacier=Norman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northern_Foothills=Northern Foothills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwind_Glacier=Northwind Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Crag=Norton Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norvegia_Bay=Norvegia Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunn_Island=Nunn Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Nozzle=The Nozzle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Noxon=Mount Noxon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noxious_Bluff=Noxious Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novocin_Peak=Novocin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Noville=Mount Noville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noville_Peninsula=Noville Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nostoc_Flats=Nostoc Flats
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norway_Rocks=Norway Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Naab=Mount Naab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachtigal_Peak=Nachtigal Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naess_Glacier=Naess Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadir_Bluff=Nadir Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nameless_Point=Nameless Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nansen_Reef=Nansen Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantucket_Inlet=Nantucket Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narval_Bay=Narval Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_Hills=Nash Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Nash=Mount Nash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navigator_Peak=Navigator Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarrette_Peak=Navarrette Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navajo_Butte=Navajo Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebraska_Peaks=Nebraska Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nash_Ridge=Nash Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neff_Nunatak=Neff Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neighbour_Peak=Neighbour Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neilson_Peak=Neilson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Channel=Nelson Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nepal_Peak=Nepal Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_Nunataks=Neptune Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nereson_Glacier=Nereson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Nero=Mount Nero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neshyba_Peak=Neshyba Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Nespelen=Mount Nespelen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ness=Mount Ness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Neuner=Mount Neuner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Glacier=New Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_New_Zealand=Mount New Zealand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Neumayer=Mount Neumayer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcomer_Glacier=Newcomer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nichols_Rock=Nichols Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Nichols=Mount Nichols
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Nickens=Mount Nickens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson_Rock=Nicholson Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilse_Hullet=Nilse Hullet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nils_Larsen_Glacier=Nils Larsen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilsen_Island=Nilsen Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimbus_Hills=Nimbus Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wade_Point=Wade Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waddington_Glacier=Waddington Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_Ice_Piedmont=Wagner Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagoner_Inlet=Wagoner Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikato_Spur=Waikato Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waitt_Peaks=Waitt Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagner_Spur=Wagner Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Waite=Cape Waite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wakefield_Highland=Wakefield Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waite_Islands=Waite Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walcott_Bay=Walcott Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walcott_Glacier=Walcott Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walcott_Peak=Walcott Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Walcott=Mount Walcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Walden=Cape Walden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Walcott=Cape Walcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldrip_Ledge=Waldrip Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Waldron=Mount Waldron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wales_Head=Wales Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walgreen_Peak=Walgreen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Cirque=Walker Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Rocks=Walker Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Spur=Walker Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Walker=Cape Walker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallace_Rock=Wallace Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallabies_Nunataks=Wallabies Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walsh_Glacier=Walsh Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walsh_Knob=Walsh Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walsh_Nunatak=Walsh Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walts_Cliff=Walts Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walters_Peak=Walters Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanderer_Valley=Wanderer Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Glacier=Ward Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Warden=Mount Warden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warburton_Ledge=Warburton Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ward_Tower=Ward Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waring_Rocks=Waring Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Warner=Mount Warner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warr_Glacier=Warr Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Ice_Piedmont=Warren Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Nunatak=Warren Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Peak=Warren Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Range=Warren Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wasilewski=Mount Wasilewski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasp_Point=Wasp Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wasson_Rock=Wasson Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterhouse_Spur=Waterhouse Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Waterhouse_(Antarctica)=Mount Waterhouse (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watlack_Hills=Watlack Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Escarpment=Watson Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Peaks=Watson Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Watters=Mount Watters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waverly_Glacier=Waverly Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weather_Guesser_Nunataks=Weather Guesser Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weaver_Nunataks=Weaver Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_Icefall=Webb Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_Peak=Webb Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webers_Peaks=Webers Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_Bluff=Webster Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webber_Nunatak=Webber Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_Glacier=Webster Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster_Pass=Webster Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weddell_Point=Weddell Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wedemeyer_Rocks=Wedemeyer Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wegert_Bluff=Wegert Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wegener_Range=Wegener Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weidner_Ridge=Weidner Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Weems=Mount Weems
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weikman_Nunataks=Weikman Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welch_Mountains=Welch Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welcome_Nunatak=Welcome Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiss_Amphitheater=Weiss Amphitheater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Weller_(Victoria_Land)=Mount Weller (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wellman_Valley=Wellman Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Glacier=Wells Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Ridge=Wells Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Saddle=Wells Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Mountains=Werner Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Beacon=West Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wessbecher_Glacier=Wessbecher Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_West=Mount West
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wever=Mount Wever
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westhaven_Nunatak=Westhaven Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Weyant=Mount Weyant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whalers_Passage=Whalers Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whaler_Channel=Whaler Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Wheeler=Cape Wheeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistle_Cove=Whistle Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whistler_Nunatak=Whistler Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Whitcombe=Mount Whitcombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Escarpment=White Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Glacier=White Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whiting_Peak=Whiting Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Whiting=Mount Whiting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitmer_Peninsula=Whitmer Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitney_Peak=Whitney Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitmill_Nunatak=Whitmill Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widich_Nunatak=Widich Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widowmaker_Pass=Widowmaker Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiener_Peaks=Wiener Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiesnet_Ice_Stream=Wiesnet Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wilbanks=Mount Wilbanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Nunatak=Cooper Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooper_Snowfield=Cooper Snowfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coor_Crags=Coor Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copestake_Peak=Copestake Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copland_Pass=Copland Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cope_Hill=Cope Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_Nunataks=Copper Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coral_Hill=Coral Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordelia_Bay=Cordelia Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordall_Stacks=Cordall Stacks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cordini_Glacier=Cordini Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corell_Cirque=Corell Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Corey=Mount Corey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cornely=Cape Cornely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Corneliussen=Mount Corneliussen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corner_Glacier=Corner Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corner_Nunatak=Corner Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coronda_Peak=Coronda Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_Peaks=Cornwall Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Glacier=Cotton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cotton_Plateau=Cotton Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couloir_Cliffs=Couloir Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coulter_Heights=Coulter Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Counts_Icefall=Counts Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_Nunatak=Court Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Court_Ridge=Court Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Courtauld=Mount Courtauld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courtney_Peak=Courtney Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cousins_Rock=Cousins Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Couzens_Saddle=Couzens Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covert_Glacier=Covert Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowie_Nunatak=Cowie Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Bluff=Cox Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Glacier=Cox Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Point=Cox Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cox=Cape Cox
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coxcomb_Peak=Coxcomb Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coyer_Point=Coyer Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Crabtree=Mount Crabtree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craddock_Crags=Craddock Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craft_Glacier=Craft Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craig_Ridge=Craig Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craigie_Point=Craigie Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crain_Ridge=Crain Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranfield_Icefalls=Cranfield Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranton_Bay=Cranton Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Craw_Ridge=Craw Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crash_Nunatak=Crash Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creagh_Icefall=Creagh Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creagh_Glacier=Creagh Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Creak=Mount Creak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creehan_Cliff=Creehan Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Scarp=Crescent Scarp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cressey_Peak=Cressey Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crewe_Rock=Crewe Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Crewe=Cape Crewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creswick_Gap=Creswick Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Creswick_Peaks=Creswick Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crisp_Glacier=Crisp Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cronenwett_Island=Cronenwett Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Crooker=Mount Crooker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookes_Peak=Crookes Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croom_Glacier=Croom Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Valley=Cross Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosscut_Point=Crosscut Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Crow=Mount Crow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crosswell_Glacier=Crosswell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Crowell=Mount Crowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Crummer=Mount Crummer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crummey_Nunatak=Crummey Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crutcher_Rock=Crutcher Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Crutch=The Crutch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuff_Cape=Cuff Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cummings=Mount Cummings
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cunningham_Peak=Cunningham Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Asphyxia=Mount Asphyxia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Curtiss=Mount Curtiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Curl=Mount Curl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton_Crag=Sutton Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suture_Bench=Suture Bench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suvorov_Glacier=Suvorov Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cycle_Glacier=Cycle Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Czegka=Mount Czegka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sverdrup_Nunataks=Sverdrup Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Swan=Mount Swan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swann_Glacier=Swann Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swarm_Peak=Swarm Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swanson_Mountains=Swanson Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Swartley=Mount Swartley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sweatt=Mount Sweatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swell_Point=Swell Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweeny_Inlet=Sweeny Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swarsen_Nunatak=Swarsen Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swine_Hill=Swine Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swithinbank_Range=Swithinbank Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinhoe_Peak=Swinhoe Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Swinford=Mount Swinford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swope_Glacier=Swope Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sternberg_Peak=Sternberg Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sterrett_Islands=Sterrett Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steuri_Glacier=Steuri Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevens_Cliff=Stevens Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stevenson_Bluff=Stevenson Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swyers_Point=Swyers Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/D'Urville_Wall=D'Urville Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daisy_Point=Daisy Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalziel_Ridge=Dalziel Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dalton=Mount Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damien_Bay=Damien Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dana_Mountains=Dana Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dane=Mount Dane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniels_Hill=Daniels Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danum_Platform=Danum Platform
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Darby=Mount Darby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Darbyshire=Mount Darbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darkowski_Glacier=Darkowski Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Darling=Mount Darling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Darlington=Cape Darlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Darnley=Mount Darnley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnell_Nunatak=Darnell Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datum_Peak=Datum Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davey_Peak=Davey Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/David_Cauldron=David Cauldron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davies_Escarpment=Davies Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davies_Bay=Davies Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davies_Top=Davies Top
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Glacier=Davis Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Hills=Davis Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Davies=Cape Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Ice_Rise=Davis Ice Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Promontory=Davis Promontory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Ridge=Davis Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Saddle=Davis Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis_Knoll=Davis Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davison_Peak=Davison Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davisville_Glacier=Davisville Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_Head=Dawson Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Day_Nunatak=Day Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Day=Cape Day
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeBusk_Scarp=DeBusk Scarp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeAtley_Island=DeAtley Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeGalan_Peak=DeGalan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeRemer_Nunataks=DeRemer Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeVries_Bluff=DeVries Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeVries_Glacier=DeVries Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_DeWitt=Mount DeWitt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/DeZafra_Ridge=DeZafra Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Deacon=Cape Deacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadmond_Glacier=Deadmond Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dearborn=Mount Dearborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilckens_Gully=Wilckens Gully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Aisle_Ridge=West Aisle Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwind_Glacier=Wildwind Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Justa_Peak=Justa Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurassic_Nunatak=Jurassic Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_June=Mount June
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Valley=Junction Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Ice_Piedmont=Dee Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dee_Nunatak=Dee Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Spur=Junction Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Defant_Glacier=Defant Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Jumper=Mount Jumper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Jukkola=Mount Jukkola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jumbo_Cove=Jumbo Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delinski_Glacier=Delinski Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judith_Glacier=Judith Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Deleon=Mount Deleon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joyce_Glacier=Joyce Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journal_Peaks=Journal Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Nunatak=Jordan Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Jones=Mount Jones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordan_Cove=Jordan Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Peninsula=Jones Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Nunatak=Jones Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonassen_Rocks=Jonassen Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Bluffs=Jones Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joke_Cove=Joke Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Spur=Johnston Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Point=Johnson Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Spur=Johnson Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Peak=Johnson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Nunataks=Johnson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Neck=Johnson Neck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Glacier=Johnson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Cove=Johnson Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Island_(Antarctica)=Johnson Island (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Glacier=Johnston Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Col=Johnson Col
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Johns=Mount Johns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Spire=Johnson Spire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Hopkins_Ridge=Johns Hopkins Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johns_Glacier=Johns Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Nunatak=John Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johansen_Peak=Johansen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannsen_Loch=Johannsen Loch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johannesen_Point=Johannesen Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jock_Point=Jock Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jezek_Glacier=Jezek Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jigsaw_Rock_Gut=Jigsaw Rock Gut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jetsam_Moraine=Jetsam Moraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jensen_Nunataks=Jensen Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Jensen=Mount Jensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delta_Peak=Delta Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demas_Bluff=Demas Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demas_Range=Demas Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demas_Ice_Tongue=Demas Ice Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Jenkins=Mount Jenkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenkins_Heights=Jenkins Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffries_Point=Jeffries Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demon_Point=Demon Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Demidov=Cape Demidov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffery_Head=Jeffery Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dendtler_Island=Dendtler Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denfeld_Mountains=Denfeld Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeffries_Bluff=Jeffries Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaynes_Islands=Jaynes Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaron_Cliffs=Jaron Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarina_Nunatak=Jarina Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denton_Hills=Denton Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Island=Jason Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janulis_Spur=Janulis Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janosy_Hill=Janosy Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Janetschek=Mount Janetschek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janke_Nunatak=Janke Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Jord=Mount Jord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krebs_Ridge=Krebs Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraut_Rocks=Kraut Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreiling_Mesa=Kreiling Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krigsvold_Nunataks=Krigsvold Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kring=Mount Kring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krissek_Peak=Krissek Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Krokisius=Mount Krokisius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kvinge_Peninsula=Kvinge Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krylov_Peninsula=Krylov Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubitza_Glacier=Kubitza Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuberry_Rocks=Kuberry Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kuipers=Mount Kuipers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kramer_Island=Kramer Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraken_Cove=Kraken Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kowalczyk=Mount Kowalczyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kouperov_Peak=Kouperov Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottmeier_Mesa=Kottmeier Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kosko=Mount Kosko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosco_Peak=Kosco Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosky_Peak=Kosky Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kosciusko_(Antarctica)=Mount Kosciusko (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koppervik=Koppervik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kopere=Mount Kopere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konter_Cliffs=Konter Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kon-Tiki_Nunatak=Kon-Tiki Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koloc_Point=Koloc Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolich_Point=Kolich Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kohler=Mount Kohler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kohnen=Mount Kohnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohler_Head=Kohler Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohler_Dome=Kohler Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohl_Plateau=Kohl Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunker_Nunataks=Sunker Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunfix_Glacier=Sunfix Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koether_Inlet=Koether Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koerner_Bluff=Koerner Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koehler_Nunatak=Koehler Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sumner=Mount Sumner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koci_Cliffs=Koci Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulphur_Point=Sulphur Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulphide_Pass=Sulphide Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sullivan=Mount Sullivan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_Nunatak=Sullivan Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_Heights=Sullivan Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_Peak=Knox Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Suess=Mount Suess
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suggs_Peak=Suggs Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Suggs=Mount Suggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudan_Beach=Sudan Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Knob_(South_Georgia)=The Knob (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchland_Islands=Suchland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight_Nunatak=Knight Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knezevich_Rock=Knezevich Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Suarez=Mount Suarez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Strait=Stewart Strait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewart_Hills=Stewart Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stich_Peak=Stich Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Stierer=Mount Stierer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stina_Rock=Stina Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stockton_Peak=Stockton Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoner_Peak=Stoner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stopes_Point=Stopes Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storer_Reef=Storer Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strange_Glacier=Strange Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Strange=Mount Strange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Strand_Moraines=The Strand Moraines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strauss_Glacier=Strauss Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratton_Hills=Stratton Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawberry_Cirque=Strawberry Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Streich=Mount Streich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streitenberger_Cliff=Streitenberger Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strickland_Nunatak=Strickland Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strawn_Pass=Strawn Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myers_Glacier=Myers Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muus_Glacier=Muus Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Musselman=Cape Musselman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutel_Peak=Mutel Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murtaugh_Peak=Murtaugh Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_Ledge=Museum Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musson_Nunatak=Musson Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murrish_Glacier=Murrish Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Murray_(Antarctica)=Mount Murray (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Foreland=Murray Foreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Wall=Murphy Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Inlet=Murphy Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Rocks=Murphy Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murphy_Peak=Murphy Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murihau_Peak=Murihau Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murcray_Heights=Murcray Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murayama_Crests=Murayama Crests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mumford=Mount Mumford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulroy_Island=Mulroy Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mull=Mount Mull
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulligan_Peak=Mulligan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulgrew_Nunatak=Mulgrew Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harney_section=Harney section
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenstead_Green=Greenstead Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fyfe=Mount Fyfe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusilier_Mountain=Fusilier Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fusco_Nunatak=Fusco Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Furman_Bluffs=Furman Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fulton=Mount Fulton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fume_Point=Fume Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fuller=Mount Fuller
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulcrum_(Antarctica)=Fulcrum (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fryer_Point=Fryer Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry_Peak=Fry Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frustration_Ridge=Frustration Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry_Glacier=Fry Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fry_Saddle=Fry Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostman_Glacier=Frostman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frostbite_Spine=Frostbite Spine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Frontz=Mount Frontz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frost_Cliff=Frost Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontier_Nunataks=Frontier Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fritter_Glacier=Fritter Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frio_Peak=Frio Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Virginia=Mount Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Virdin=Mount Virdin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Violante_Inlet=Violante Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stromme_Ridge=Stromme Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Strong=Mount Strong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strong_Peak=Strong Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Strybing=Mount Strybing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towan_Head=Towan Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonopah_Basin=Tonopah Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Depot_Nunatak=Depot Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derrick_Peak=Derrick Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descent_Pass=Descent Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Descent_Glacier=Descent Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fowey_Lifeboat_Station=Fowey Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detling_Peak=Detling Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Detour_Nunatak=Detour Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Ridge=Devils Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewdrop_Glacier=Dewdrop Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dewe=Mount Dewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diaz_Cove=Diaz Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickens_Peak=Dickens Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson_Rocks=Dickinson Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickey_Peak=Dickey Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dietz_Bluff=Dietz Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickson_Icefalls=Dickson Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dike_Cirque=Dike Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dillon_Peak=Dillon Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dinghy_Point=Dinghy Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimick_Peaks=Dimick Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dingle_Nunatak=Dingle Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Bluff=Discovery Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Glacier=Discovery Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Discovery_Rock=Discovery Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dirtbag_Nunatak=Dirtbag Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Discovery=Lake Discovery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dismal_Ridge=Dismal Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diver_Point=Diver Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dixon_Peak=Dixon Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dixey=Mount Dixey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobbratz_Glacier=Dobbratz Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatyr-Tau=Chatyr-Tau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran,_British_Columbia=Moran, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Grove,_United_States_Virgin_Islands=Orange Grove, United States Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangegrove,_United_States_Virgin_Islands=Orangegrove, United States Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_Saint_Croix,_U.S._Virgin_Islands=Saint John, Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran_Canyon_(Wyoming)=Moran Canyon (Wyoming)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tussock_Island=Tussock Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tusing_Peak=Tusing Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Peak=Turtle Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turret_Nunatak=Turret Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turpie_Rock=Turpie Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnstile_Ridge=Turnstile Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turner_Hills=Turner Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turmoil_Point=Turmoil Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Turcotte=Mount Turcotte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turbidite_Hill=Turbidite Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuning_Nunatak=Tuning Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tucker_Point=Tucker Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuff_Bluff=Tuff Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuati_Peak=Tuati Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tuck=Mount Tuck
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Guyon=Mount Guyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guy_Peaks=Guy Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guthridge_Nunataks=Guthridge Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutenko_Nunataks=Gutenko Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutenko_Mountains=Gutenko Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutenberg_Glacier=Gutenberg Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusty_Gully=Gusty Gully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurney_Point=Gurney Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurnon_Peninsula=Gurnon Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurling_Glacier=Gurling Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunn_Peaks=Gunn Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Guides=The Guides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gunn=Mount Gunn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guettard_Range=Guettard Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guerrero_Glacier=Guerrero Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guenter_Bluff=Guenter Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gudmundson=Mount Gudmundson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tourmaline_Plateau=Tourmaline Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guarcello_Peak=Guarcello Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guard_Glacier=Guard Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gruening_Glacier=Gruening Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tow_Bay=Tow Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towle_Glacier=Towle Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Townrow_Peak=Townrow Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towle_Valley=Towle Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groux_Rock=Groux Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trabucco_Cliff=Trabucco Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grossman_Nunataks=Grossman Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grootes_Peak=Grootes Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grossenbacher_Nunatak=Grossenbacher Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gross_Hills=Gross Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grinder_Island=Grinder Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grindle_Rock=Grindle Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Transit_Ridge=Transit Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Treadwell=Mount Treadwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treble_Peak=Treble Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimes_Glacier=Grimes Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimes_Ridge=Grimes Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Grimminger=Mount Grimminger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenholm_Point=Trenholm Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treves_Butte=Treves Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiths_Glacier=Griffiths Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triassic_Nunatak=Triassic Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tribby_Peak=Tribby Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trice_Islands=Trice Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Peak_(Antarctica)=Griffith Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Nunataks=Griffith Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tricorn_Peak=Tricorn Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Glacier=Griffith Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tricorn=Mount Tricorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffin_Nunatak=Griffin Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Grier=Mount Grier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Nunatak=Trinity Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Trimpi=Mount Trimpi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grew_Peak=Grew Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gregory=Mount Gregory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trost_Rocks=Trost Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Rock=Gregory Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gregory_Island_(Antarctica)=Gregory Island (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greer_Peak=Greer Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwood_Valley=Greenwood Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_Trough=Pyramid Trough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trousers_Rock=Trousers Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenstone_Point=Greenstone Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Hole=Greenville Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville_Valley=Greenville Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trudge_Valley=Trudge Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/True_Glacier=True Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trulla_Bluff=Trulla Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene_Ridge=Greene Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene_Inlet=Greene Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dodson_Peninsula=Dodson Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Valley_(Antarctica)=Green Valley (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dogwatch_Saddle=Dogwatch Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolan_Peak=Dolan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dolber=Mount Dolber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doll_Peak=Doll Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pugh_Shoal=Pugh Shoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Nunatak=Green Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dome_Nunatak=Dome Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puke_Toropa_Mountain=Puke Toropa Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominion_Hill=Dominion Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donald_Ridge=Donald Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pullen_Island=Pullen Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pull_Point=Pull Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnally_Glacier=Donnally Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Punchbowl_Cirque=Punchbowl Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pungent_Point=Pungent Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puppis_Pikes=Puppis Pikes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doolittle_Massif=Doolittle Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doppler_Nunatak=Doppler Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purgatory_Peak=Purgatory Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorchuck_Glacier=Dorchuck Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governor_Mountain=Governor Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doris_Bay=Doris Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putzke_Peak=Putzke Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Purvis=Point Purvis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorrel_Rock=Dorrel Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dotson_Ridge=Dotson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_Peak=Dot Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dott_Ice_Rise=Dott Ice Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dory_Nunatak=Dory Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_Island_(South_Georgia)=Dot Island (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dot_Cliff=Dot Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gowan_Glacier=Gowan Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doublefinger_Peak=Doublefinger Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Double_Curtain_Glacier=Double Curtain Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doubtful_Point=Doubtful Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gozur=Mount Gozur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Crag=Douglas Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Douglas Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dolence=Mount Dolence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Peaks=Douglas Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Strait=Douglas Strait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Douglass=Mount Douglass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyne_Glacier=Pyne Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_Point=Pyramid Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyxis_Ridge=Pyxis Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pimple=The Pimple
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinafore_Moraine=Pinafore Moraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinther_Ridge=Pinther Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pio_Point=Pio Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Heights=Pioneer Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipe_Peak=Pipe Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipecleaner_Glacier=Pipecleaner Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirner_Peak=Pirner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirner_Point=Pirner Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirrit_Hills=Pirrit Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pitman=Mount Pitman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pivot_Peak=Pivot Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planck_Point=Planck Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platform_Spur=Platform Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pleasant_Plateau=Pleasant Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plummer_Glacier=Plummer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playfair_Mountains=Playfair Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poa_Cove=Poa Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poindexter_Peak=Poindexter Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plumstead_Valley=Plumstead Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pojeta_Peak=Pojeta Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polarstar_Peak=Polarstar Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polarmail_Ledge=Polarmail Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polygon_Spur=Polygon Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pollux_Rock=Pollux Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pollock=Mount Pollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pond_Peak=Pond Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pond_Ridge=Pond Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontes_Ridge=Pontes Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pool=Mount Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poorman_Peak=Poorman Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Glacier=Pope Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pope_Mountain=Pope Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Porkchop=Lake Porkchop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porter_Hills=Porter Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porters_Pinnacles=Porters Pinnacles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Ridge=Post Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Post_Rock_(South_Georgia)=Post Rock (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Poster=Mount Poster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potaka_Inlet=Potaka Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pothole_Gulch=Pothole Gulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potter_Glacier=Potter Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Potter=Mount Potter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potter_Peak=Potter Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poutini_Peak=Poutini Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powder_Island=Powder Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maagoe_Peak=Maagoe Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maaske_Dome=Maaske Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchmans_Creek_(New_South_Wales)=Frenchmans Creek (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevenmile_Creek=Sevenmile Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peckham_Glacier=Peckham Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peden_Cliffs=Peden Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Peddie=Mount Peddie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pedalling_Ice_Field=Pedalling Ice Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peeler_Bluff=Peeler Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegasus_Mountains=Pegasus Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pegtop_Mountain=Pegtop Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peletier_Plateau=Peletier Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelter_Glacier=Pelter Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penance_Pass=Penance Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemmican_Bluff=Pemmican Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Bay=Penguin Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Bight=Penguin Bight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_River=Penguin River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penn_Tarn=Penn Tarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penny_Lake=Penny Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrod_Nunatak=Penrod Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Perez=Mount Perez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perkins_Glacier=Perkins Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pernic_Bluff=Pernic Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Perkins=Mount Perkins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Range=Perry Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perseus_Crags=Perseus Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perseus_Peak=Perseus Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Perseus=Mount Perseus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Perseverance=Mount Perseverance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Persson_Island=Persson Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peruque_Point=Peruque Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Crest=Peter Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peter_Nunatak=Peter Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peters_Bastion=Peters Bastion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peters_Butte=Peters Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peterson_Hills=Peterson Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Petersen=Cape Petersen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Peterson=Mount Peterson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Petinos=Mount Petinos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Petrides=Mount Petrides
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrel_Peak=Petrel Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pettigrew_Scarp=Pettigrew Scarp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pewe_Peak=Pewe Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Pewe=Lake Pewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfrogner_Point=Pfrogner Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philbin_Inlet=Philbin Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Philippi=Cape Philippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Mountains=Phillips Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phleger_Dome=Phleger Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Reach_(Vidhan_Sabha_constituency)=Garden Reach (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dart_Lifeboat_Station=Dart Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Bay=Phyllis Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Picnic_Passage=Picnic Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pig_Point=Pig Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piggott_Peninsula=Piggott Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillow_Rock=Pillow Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pillsbury_Tower=Pillsbury Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delamar_Wash=Delamar Wash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Page_Bluff=Page Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pagano_Nunatak=Pagano Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Paine=Mount Paine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Paige=Mount Paige
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palais_Glacier=Palais Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palisade_Valley=Palisade Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer_Inlet=Palmer Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Palombo=Mount Palombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pallid_Crest=Pallid Crest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pampero_Pass=Pampero Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pankratz_Bay=Pankratz Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papua_Beach=Papua Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pape_Rock=Pape Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pardue_Peak=Pardue Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doumani_Peak=Doumani Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Doumani=Mount Doumani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dover=Mount Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dow_Nunatak=Dow Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dow=Mount Dow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downs_Cone=Downs Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dowling=Mount Dowling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Icefall=Drake Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Head=Drake Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drake_Nunatak=Drake Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreary_Isthmus=Dreary Isthmus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downs_Nunatak=Downs Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreikanter_Head=Dreikanter Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreschhoff_Peak=Dreschhoff Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Driscoll_Glacier=Driscoll Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dromedary_Glacier=Dromedary Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drury_Nunatak=Drury Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubris_Valley=Dubris Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Duemler=Mount Duemler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dun_Glacier=Dun Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunbar_Ridge=Dunbar Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Bluff=Duncan Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duncan_Peninsula=Duncan Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunlop_Island=Dunlop Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Dunlop=Cape Dunlop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunn_Spur=Dunn Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Durnford=Mount Durnford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Duse=Mount Duse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusky_Ledge=Dusky Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Duvall=Mount Duvall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer_Point=Dyer Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dusky_Ridge=Dusky Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dykes_Peak=Dykes Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyment_Island=Dyment Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyrdal_Peak=Dyrdal Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dybvadskog_Peak=Dybvadskog Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Early_Bluff=Early Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Aisle_Ridge=East Aisle Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Egerton=East Egerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Beacon=East Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastwind_Ridge=Eastwind Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebon_Pond=Ebon Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eblen_Hills=Eblen Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaton_Nunatak=Eaton Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eckman_Bluff=Eckman Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edson_Hills=Edson Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Peninsula=Edwards Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Islands_(Canisteo_Peninsula)=Edwards Islands (Canisteo Peninsula)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edwards_Spur=Edwards Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Eggers=Lake Eggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egress_Peak=Egress Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehlers_Knob=Ehlers Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eielson_Peninsula=Eielson Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilers_Peak=Eilers Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilefsen_Peak=Eilefsen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisberg_Head=Eisberg Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ekblaw=Mount Ekblaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Eissinger=Mount Eissinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eland_Mountains=Eland Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eld_Peak=Eld Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder_Bluff=Elder Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder_Peak=Elder Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eldred_Point=Eldred Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Cove=Elephant Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Electra=Mount Electra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Lagoon=Elephant Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Moraine=Elephant Moraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Ridge=Elephant Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eley_Peak=Eley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elkhorn_Ridge=Elkhorn Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Nunatak=Elliott Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Hills=Elliott Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_Rock=Elliott Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellipsoid_Hill=Ellipsoid Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Cone=Ellis Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellis_Ridge=Ellis Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Subglacial_Highlands=Ellsworth Subglacial Highlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elvers_Peak=Elvers Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eltanin_Bay=Eltanin Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Emerson=Mount Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Emison=Mount Emison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eosin_Hill=Eosin Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eos_Glacier=Eos Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enyo_Glacier=Enyo Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erehwon_Nunatak=Erehwon Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erewhon_Basin=Erewhon Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erickson_Bluffs=Erickson Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erven_Nunataks=Erven Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Escalade_Peak=Escalade Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Essinger=Mount Essinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esser_Hill=Esser Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ester=Mount Ester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Espenschied_Nunatak=Espenschied Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethelbald_Bluff=Ethelbald Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ethelbert_Ridge=Ethelbert Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eubanks_Point=Eubanks Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Eubanks=Mount Eubanks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka_Glacier=Eureka Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eurus_Ridge=Eurus Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Cove=Evans Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Butte=Evans Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Heights=Evans Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Knoll=Evans Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Peak=Evans Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Peninsula=Evans Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Piedmont_Glacier=Evans Piedmont Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evans_Point=Evans Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evermann_Cove=Evermann Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Exley=Mount Exley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_Glacier=Exodus Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exodus_Valley=Exodus Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unwin_Ledge=Unwin Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Island_Arena=Island Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Factory_Point=Factory Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fagan=Mount Fagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fadden_Peak=Fadden Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fagerli=Mount Fagerli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fahnestock_Glacier=Fahnestock Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairway_Patch=Fairway Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Faith=Mount Faith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fallone_Nunataks=Fallone Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/False_Island_Point=False Island Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fan_Lake=Fan Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fanning_Ridge=Fanning Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fantome_Rock=Fantome Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Fanning=Cape Fanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farbo_Glacier=Farbo Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farewell_Point=Farewell Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farman_Highland=Farman Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmer_Glacier=Farmer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnell_Valley=Farnell Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrington_Ridge=Farrington Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farwell_Island=Farwell Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fastook_Glacier=Fastook Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faulkender_Ridge=Faulkender Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fault_Bluff=Fault Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Favela_Rocks=Favela Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fearon=Mount Fearon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeley_Peak=Feeley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Bluff=Parker Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Mesa=Parker Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Peak=Parker Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker_Pass=Parker Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkinson_Peak=Parkinson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parks_Glacier=Parks Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parochlus_Lake=Parochlus Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parrish_Peak=Parrish Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parmelee_Massif=Parmelee Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partridge_Nunatak=Partridge Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paryadin_Ridge=Paryadin Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paschal_Glacier=Paschal Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Passel=Mount Passel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastorizo_Bay=Pastorizo Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastor_Peak=Pastor Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pascoe_Glacier=Pascoe Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paternostro_Glacier=Paternostro Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passel_Pond=Passel Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patton_Bluff=Patton Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patton_Glacier=Patton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Beach=Paul Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pawley_Nunataks=Pawley Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payne_Glacier=Payne Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Payne_Creek=Payne Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Heights=Peacock Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pawson=Mount Pawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peale_Inlet=Peale Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Peak=Peacock Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearsall_Ridge=Pearsall Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Peak=Pearson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearson_Point=Pearson Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peck_Range=Peck Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeney_Ridge=Feeney Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Felder_Peak=Felder Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feistmantel_Valley=Feistmantel Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fell=Mount Fell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Felt=Cape Felt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_Glacier=Fenton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fenton=Mount Fenton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fendorf_Glacier=Fendorf Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson_Peak=Ferguson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson_Nunataks=Ferguson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson_Glacier=Ferguson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergusson_Glacier=Fergusson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ferranto=Mount Ferranto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrero_Bay=Ferrero Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferri_Ridge=Ferri Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrigno_Ice_Stream=Ferrigno Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Festive_Plateau=Festive Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrigno_Glacier=Ferrigno Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Feury=Mount Feury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feyerharm_Knoll=Feyerharm Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferrell_Buttress=Ferrell Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiebelman_Nunatak=Fiebelman Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fiedler=Mount Fiedler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fields_Peak=Fields Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fikkan_Peak=Fikkan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Filchner_Rocks=Filchner Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fine_Point=Fine Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findlay_Ridge=Findlay Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger_Ridges=Finger Ridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fin_Nunatak=Fin Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finn_Spur=Finn Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fireman_Glacier=Fireman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Point=First Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Milestone=First Milestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Facet=First Facet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finley_Heights=Finley Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_View_Point=First View Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Bastion=Fisher Bastion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Nunatak=Fisher Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Rock=First Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Peak=Fisher Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Spur=Fisher Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moe_Point=Moe Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mogensen=Mount Mogensen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohn_Peaks=Mohn Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mohl=Mount Mohl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FitzGerald_Bluffs=FitzGerald Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fladerer_Bay=Fladerer Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagship_Mountain=Flagship Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molly_Hill=Molly Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flagon_Point=Flagon Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mollweide_Glacier=Mollweide Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flanagan_Glacier=Flanagan Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monastery_Nunatak=Monastery Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Flannery=Cape Flannery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Monique=Mount Monique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Flatiron=The Flatiron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleming_Glacier=Fleming Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Monson=Mount Monson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleming_Head=Fleming Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fleming_Peaks=Fleming Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Nunataks=Fletcher Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flinders_Peak=Flinders Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flint_Ridge=Flint Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flotsam_Moraines=Flotsam Moraines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Flower=Mount Flower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flowers_Hills=Flowers Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flynn_Glacier=Flynn Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogg_Highland=Fogg Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fogle_Peak=Fogle Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foley_Glacier=Foley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foltz_Nunatak=Foltz Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fomalhaut_Nunatak=Fomalhaut Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fonda=Mount Fonda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fontaine_Bluff=Fontaine Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Footscrew_Nunatak=Footscrew Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foolsmate_Glacier=Foolsmate Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forbes_Ridge=Forbes Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Peak=Ford Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Forde=Mount Forde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Massif=Ford Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_Nunataks=Ford Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foreman_Peak=Foreman Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forecastle_Summit=Forecastle Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fordell=Mount Fordell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrester_Island_(Antarctica)=Forrester Island (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Pass=Forrest Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsters_Passage=Forsters Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsythe_Bluff=Forsythe Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna_Peak=Fortuna Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortuna_Rocks=Fortuna Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fossil_Bight=Fossil Bight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foster_Peninsula=Foster Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founders_Escarpment=Founders Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Founders_Peaks=Founders Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fournier_Ridge=Fournier Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fowler_Knoll=Fowler Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fox_Ice_Stream=Fox Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foxtail_Peak=Foxtail Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frame_Ridge=Frame Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankenfield_Glacier=Frankenfield Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Nunatak=Fraser Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frazier_Glacier=Frazier Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frazier_Ridge=Frazier Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freberg_Rocks=Freberg Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freezland_Rock=Freezland Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwater_Inlet=Freshwater Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frida_Hole=Frida Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fridovich=Mount Fridovich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedmann_Nunataks=Friedmann Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friedmann_Peak=Friedmann Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fries=Mount Fries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gaberlein=Mount Gaberlein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadarene_Lake=Gadarene Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadarene_Ridge=Gadarene Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galan_Ridge=Galan Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallaher_Peak=Gallaher Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galkin_Nunatak=Galkin Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallen_Nunatak=Gallen Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Galla=Mount Galla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gandalf_Ridge=Gandalf Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garczynski_Nunatak=Garczynski Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garcie_Peaks=Garcie Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardiner_Ridge=Gardiner Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardiner_Glacier=Gardiner Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_Ridge=Gardner Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_Nunatak=Gardner Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gardner=Mount Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gargoyle_Ridge=Gargoyle Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield_Glacier=Garfield Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garwood_Point=Garwood Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Garwood=Lake Garwood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Gates=Cape Gates
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_Nunatak=Gateway Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatlin_Peak=Gatlin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gatson_Ridge=Gatson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaussiran_Glacier=Gaussiran Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gauss_Glacier=Gauss Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord_Nunatak=Gaylord Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawne_Nunatak=Gawne Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazella_Peak=Gazella Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaylord_Ridge=Gaylord Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geddes_Crag=Geddes Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Geier=Mount Geier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geikie_Inlet=Geikie Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geelan_Ice_Piedmont=Geelan Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Geissel=Mount Geissel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gentle_Glacier=Gentle Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geodetic_Glacier=Geodetic Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geoid_Glacier=Geoid Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Nunatak=George Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_George_Murray=Mount George Murray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Geology=Cape Geology
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerard_Bluffs=Gerard Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gerdel=Mount Gerdel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerlache_Inlet=Gerlache Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gerlache=Mount Gerlache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrish_Peaks=Gerrish Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gester=Mount Gester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Getz=Mount Getz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giannini_Peak=Giannini Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibbon_Nunatak=Gibbon Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Giovinetto=Mount Giovinetto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gipps_Ice_Rise=Gipps Ice Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gjertsen_Promontory=Gjertsen Promontory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gjertsen=Mount Gjertsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glacier_Bight=Glacier Bight
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glade_Bay=Glade Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glee_Glacier=Glee Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinka_Islands=Glinka Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glimpse_Glacier=Glimpse Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glezen_Glacier=Glezen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_Cirque=Glover Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glover_Hills=Glover Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliozzi_Peak=Gliozzi Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Glowa=Mount Glowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gneiss_Point=Gneiss Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gniewek=Mount Gniewek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goepfert_Bluff=Goepfert Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godwit_Glacier=Godwit Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goff_Glacier=Goff Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goettel_Escarpment=Goettel Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gold_Head=Gold Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldstream_Peak=Goldstream Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Goldthwait=Mount Goldthwait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gomez_Nunatak=Gomez Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondola_Ridge=Gondola Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonville_and_Caius_Range=Gonville and Caius Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodell_Glacier=Goodell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Goodman=Mount Goodman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodman_Hills=Goodman Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodenough_Glacier=Goodenough Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Goodwin=Mount Goodwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Goorhigian=Mount Goorhigian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goorkha_Craters=Goorkha Craters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gootee_Nunatak=Gootee Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwin_Peak=Goodwin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_Nunataks=Gordon Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgon_Pool=Gorgon Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorgons_Head=Gorgons Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gorham=Mount Gorham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gorton=Mount Gorton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gould_Knoll=Gould Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gould_Spur=Gould Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham_Spur=Graham Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gran_Glacier=Gran Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gran=Mount Gran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Harbour=Granite Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Knolls=Granite Knolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Spur=Granite Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant_Valley=Grant Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graser_Nunatak=Graser Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gratton_Nunatak=Gratton Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graves_Nunataks=Graves Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Glacier=Gray Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Rock=Gray Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Spur=Gray Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayson_Nunatak=Grayson Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gray=Mount Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greegor_Peak=Greegor Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Glacier_(Haskell_Ridge)=Green Glacier (Haskell Ridge)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hahn_Island=Hahn Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haines_Glacier=Haines Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Glacier=Hale Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Valley=Hale Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haley_Glacier=Haley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_Nunatak=Moody Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moody_Peak=Moody Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Dome=Moore Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Pinnacle=Moore Pinnacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moore_Point=Moore Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mooney=Mount Mooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran_Bluff=Moran Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran_Buttress=Moran Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreland_Nunatak=Moreland Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morelli_Glacier=Morelli Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morales_Peak=Morales Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morency_Island=Morency Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Inlet=Morgan Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Nunataks=Morgan Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan_Peak=Morgan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Morning=Lake Morning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrell_Point=Morrell Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Head=Morris Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Cliff=Morris Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Basin=Morris Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Point=Morris Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morris_Island_(Antarctica)=Morris Island (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrison_Rocks=Morrison Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morris_(Antarctica)=Mount Morris (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morsa_Bay=Morsa Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morrison_(Victoria_Land)=Mount Morrison (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morriss_Peak=Morriss Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morse_Point=Morse Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morse=Mount Morse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosby_Glacier=Mosby Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Moses=Mount Moses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mosley-Thompson_Cirques=Mosley-Thompson Cirques
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mossman_Inlet=Mossman Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulder_Peak=Moulder Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulton_Escarpment=Moulton Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountainview_Ridge=Mountainview Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Moxley=Mount Moxley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchmore_Valley=Muchmore Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mericle_Rock=Mericle Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrem_Peak=Merrem Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrick_Glacier=Merrick Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merton_Passage=Merton Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrick_Point=Merrick Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Messent_Peak=Messent Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metaris_Valley=Metaris Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metavolcanic_Mountain=Metavolcanic Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meteorite_Hills=Meteorite Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Metschel=Mount Metschel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metzgar_Nunatak=Metzgar Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Meunier=Mount Meunier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyer_Hills=Meyer Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meyers_Nunatak=Meyers Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mhire_Spur=Mhire Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_Plateau=Michigan Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Michael=Mount Michael
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mickler_Spur=Mickler Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Ground_Rock=Middle Ground Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midkiff_Rock=Midkiff Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midnight_Plateau=Midnight Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midship_Glacier=Midship Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mignone=Mount Mignone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikhaylov_Point=Mikhaylov Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Ridge=Milan Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikus_Hill=Mikus Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_Bay=Miles Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milan_Rock=Milan Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mill_Mountain=Mill Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Bluffs=Miller Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Peak=Hall Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Nunatak=Hall Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Rock=Hall Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Ridge=Hall Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halle_Flat=Halle Flat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamberg_Lakes=Hamberg Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Bay=Hamilton Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Ice_Piedmont=Hamilton Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_Cliff=Hamilton Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammerstad_Reef=Hammerstad Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Reimer=Mount Reimer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Milton=Mount Milton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamner_Nunatak=Hamner Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handsley_Valley=Handsley Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handley_Hill=Handley Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Handsley=Mount Handsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanessian_Foreland=Hanessian Foreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannah_Island=Hannah Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hannon_Hill=Hannon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansen_Glacier=Hansen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansen_Inlet=Hansen Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansen_Nunatak=Hansen Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansen_Point=Hansen Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hanson=Mount Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanson_Ridge=Hanson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbord_Glacier=Harbord Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbord_Glacier_Tongue=Harbord Glacier Tongue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Point=Harbour Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harcourt_Island=Harcourt Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy_Point=Hardy Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Harmer=Mount Harmer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harmon_Bay=Harmon Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harp_Glacier=Harp Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Byrd_Mountains=Harold Byrd Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Harper Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Point=Harper Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Ridge=Harper Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harper_Peak=Harper Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucifer_Hill=Lucifer Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_Point=Luck Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luck_Nunatak=Luck Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucia_Peak=Lucia Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas_Point=Lucas Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucchitta_Glacier=Lucchitta Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowry_Massif=Lowry Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowry_Bluff=Lowry Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Bluff=Lowe Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowe_Nunataks=Lowe Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Rock_Point=Low Rock Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Low_Reef=Low Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Moa=Mount Moa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizar_Nunataks=Mizar Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lovill_Bluff=Lovill Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mixon_Rocks=Mixon Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mitten=The Mitten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Peak_(Antarctica)=Mitchell Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell_Glacier=Mitchell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistral_Ridge=Mistral Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mistake_Peak=Mistake Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misthound_Cirque=Misthound Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mislaid_Rock=Mislaid Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Misch_Crag=Misch Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miscast_Nunataks=Miscast Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lord_Glacier=Lord Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirnyy_Peak=Mirnyy Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfak_Nunatak=Mirfak Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lookout_Dome=Lookout Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longton_Point=Longton Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longlow_Rock=Longlow Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longhurst_Plateau=Longhurst Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirabilite_Pond=Mirabilite Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mintz_Peak=Mintz Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Longhurst=Mount Longhurst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Peak=Long Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Glacier=Long Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Bluff=Long Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Long_Gables=Long Gables
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minnehaha_Icefalls=Minnehaha Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mink_Peak=Mink Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minaret_Peak=Minaret Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mincer_Glacier=Mincer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lokey_Peak=Lokey Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loftus_Glacier=Loftus Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lofgren_Peninsula=Lofgren Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mims_Spur=Mims Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milward_Patch=Milward Patch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lizards_Foot=Lizards Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Peak=Mills Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Peak_(South_Georgia)=Mills Peak (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Cliff=Mills Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litz_Glacier=Litz Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Litz_Bluff=Litz Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millett_Glacier=Millett Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Littlepage=Mount Littlepage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Spur_(Marie_Byrd_Land)=Miller Spur (Marie Byrd Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littleblack_Nunataks=Littleblack Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Little=Cape Little
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Moltke_Harbor=Little Moltke Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Point=Miller Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Jason_Lagoon=Little Jason Lagoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liston_Nunatak=Liston Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Peak_(Sentinel_Range)=Miller Peak (Sentinel Range)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Nunatak=Miller Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Glacier=Miller Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lister_Glacier=Lister Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lisicky=Mount Lisicky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lishness_Peak=Lishness Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Liptak=Mount Liptak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippert_Peak=Lippert Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linsley_Peninsula=Linsley Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linwood_Peak=Linwood Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindum_Valley=Lindum Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindstrom_Ridge=Lindstrom Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_Valley=Harris Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Ice_Ridge=Harrison Ice Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Nunatak=Harrison Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClinton_Glacier=McClinton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McClung=Mount McClung
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McConchie_Ridge=McConchie Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McCormick=Mount McCormick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McCoy=Mount McCoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCraw_Glacier=McCraw Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDaniel_Nunatak=McDaniel Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McCrory=Mount McCrory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDermott_Glacier=McDermott Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McDonald_Heights=McDonald Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McElroy=Mount McElroy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGee_Rock=McGee Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGaw_Peak=McGaw Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McHugo_Peak=McHugo Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McIlroy_Peak=McIlroy Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McKelvey=Mount McKelvey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McKeown=Mount McKeown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McKerrow=Mount McKerrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKay_Valley=McKay Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinley_Peak=McKinley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinnis_Peak=McKinnis Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinzie_Islands=McKinzie Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaughlin_Cliffs=McLaughlin Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaughlin_Peak=McLaughlin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McKibben=Mount McKibben
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLay_Glacier=McLay Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLean_Peak=McLean Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLea_Nunatak=McLea Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLeod_Glacier_(Wilson_Hills)=McLeod Glacier (Wilson Hills)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McNamara_Island=McNamara Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McNaughton=Mount McNaughton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McPherson_Crags=McPherson Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McWhinnie_Peak=McWhinnie Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McPherson_Peak=McPherson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McSaveney_Spur=McSaveney Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa_Peak=Medusa Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medusa_Pool=Medusa Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Meeks=Mount Meeks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mefford_Knoll=Mefford Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meiklejohn_Glacier=Meiklejohn Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Meister=Mount Meister
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meinardus_Glacier=Meinardus Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melcon_Peak=Melcon Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendenhall_Peak=Mendenhall Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mende=Mount Mende
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melville_Point=Melville Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menster_Ledge=Menster Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Menzel=Cape Menzel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_Bay=Mercer Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercer_Ridge=Mercer Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appledore_Lifeboat_Station=Appledore Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Point=Harrison Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Harrison_(Antarctica)=Mount Harrison (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Harry=Mount Harry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hart_Hills=Hart Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hartkopf=Mount Hartkopf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harter_Nunatak=Harter Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Cirque=Harvey Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvard_Tarn=Harvard Tarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Peak=Harvey Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haskell_Ridge=Haskell Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hash_Island=Hash Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haselton_Icefall=Haselton Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harvey_Summit=Harvey Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haslum_Crag=Haslum Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hassage=Mount Hassage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatch_Outcrop=Hatch Outcrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatcher_Bluffs=Hatcher Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Hattersley-Smith=Cape Hattersley-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hauge_Reef=Hauge Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hauge_Strait=Hauge Strait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haven_Mountain=Haven Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haver_Peak=Haver Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Havener=Mount Havener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havfruen_Peak=Havfruen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Havola_Escarpment=Havola Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawkins_Peak=Hawkins Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hawthorne=Mount Hawthorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haworth_Mesa=Haworth Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Bluff=Hawthorne Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay_Peak=Hay Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_Peak_(Thiel_Mountains)=Hayes Peak (Thiel Mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haynes_Glacier=Haynes Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hayter=Mount Hayter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Headland_Peak=Headland Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Healy=Cape Healy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heap_Glacier=Heap Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaphy_Spur=Heaphy Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heaps_Rock=Heaps Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heathcock_Peak=Heathcock Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hecate_Rock=Hecate Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedblom_Glacier=Hedblom Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hedin_Nunatak=Hedin Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Heer=Mount Heer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heezen_Glacier=Heezen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heintz_Peak=Heintz Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heirtzler_Ice_Piedmont=Heirtzler Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heke_Peak=Heke Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helfert_Nunatak=Helfert Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hells_Gate_Moraine=Hells Gate Moraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helms_Bluff=Helms Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howchin_Glacier=Howchin Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howchin_North_Stream=Howchin North Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howchin_Lake=Howchin Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howchin_South_Stream=Howchin South Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howe_Glacier=Howe Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howell_Peak=Howell Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Howe=Mount Howe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Howell=Mount Howell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howkins_Inlet=Howkins Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoyt_Head=Hoyt Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hubble=Mount Hubble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hubley=Mount Hubley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudman_Glacier=Hudman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hudak_Peak=Hudak Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Huckaby=Mount Huckaby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hueneme_Glacier=Hueneme Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hueca_Point=Hueca Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Huffman=Mount Huffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huggler_Peak=Huggler Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Huggins=Mount Huggins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Basin=Hughes Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Peninsula=Hughes Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Ice_Piedmont=Hughes Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_Point=Hughes Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hughes=Mount Hughes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham_Island=Markham Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markham_Point=Markham Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Marquis=Mount Marquis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marks_Peak=Marks Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsh_Ridge=Marsh Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mars_Hills=Mars Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Nunatak=Marshall Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Peak=Marshall Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marston_Glacier=Marston Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Marston=Mount Marston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Dome=Martin Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Stream=Marshall Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Hills=Martin Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall_Ridge=Marshall Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Nunataks=Martin Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Valley=Martin Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marty_Nunataks=Marty Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Marvel=Mount Marvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Martine=Mount Martine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Martyn=Mount Martyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marvin_Nunatak=Marvin Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marze_Peak=Marze Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Marzolf=Mount Marzolf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Inlet=Mason Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason_Nunatak=Mason Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Massam=Mount Massam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mata_Taua_Peak=Mata Taua Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matchless_Mountain=Matchless Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hodges=Mount Hodges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodgson_Nunatak=Hodgson Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hochstein_Ridge=Hochstein Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodson_Point=Hodson Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hockey_Cirque=Hockey Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbs_Stream=Hobbs Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbs_Ridge=Hobbs Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbs_Peak=Hobbs Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_Rock=Hobart Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hlubeck_Glacier=Hlubeck Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hjorth_Hill=Hjorth Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobbs_Glacier_(Victoria_Land)=Hobbs Glacier (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hirman=Mount Hirman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton_Glacier=Hinton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinely_Nunatak=Hinely Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Hinks=Cape Hinks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Peaks=Hill Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Glacier=Hill Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilton_Inlet=Hilton Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highjump_Archipelago=Highjump Archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Nunatak=High Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higgins_Nunatak=Higgins Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Hickey=Cape Hickey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higgins_Canyon=Higgins Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewison_Point=Hewison Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heverley_Nunataks=Heverley Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesse_Peak=Hesse Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heth_Ridge=Heth Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hessler_Peak=Hessler Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hess_Mountains=Hess Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herrmann_Nunatak=Herrmann Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herrin_Peak=Herrin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heron_Passage=Heron Passage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Herr=Mount Herr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Herdman=Cape Herdman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Point=Hercules Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herd_Point=Herd Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hercules_Dome=Hercules Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbertson_Glacier=Herbertson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Nunataks=Henry Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Mesa=Henry Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Inlet=Henry Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henriksen_Buttress=Henriksen Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henkle_Peak=Henkle Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrickson_Peak=Hendrickson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Henderson_(Britannia_Range)=Mount Henderson (Britannia Range)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Pyramid=Henderson Pyramid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Glacier=Henderson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hulbe_Glacier=Hulbe Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Glacier=Hull Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Bay=Hull Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humic_Lake=Humic Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hummer_Point=Hummer Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hummel=Mount Hummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humpback_Rocks=Humpback Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Glacier=Hunt Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Bluff=Hunt Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humps_Island=Humps Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Spur=Hunt Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Heights=Hurricane Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurst_Peak=Hurst Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husdal=Husdal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutcheson_Nunataks=Hutcheson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutton_Mountains=Hutton Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutchins_Nunataks=Hutchins Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Peak=Hutt Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutto_Peak=Hutto Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hyatt=Mount Hyatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_Glacier=Hyde Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tvistein_Pillars=Tvistein Pillars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tweeny_Point=Tweeny Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twin_Nunataks=Twin Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Twiss=Mount Twiss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twitcher_Rock=Twitcher Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twombley_Glacier=Twombley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Table_Nunatak=Table Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tabor_Spur=Tabor Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tadpole=Mount Tadpole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taff_y_Bryn=Taff y Bryn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talos_Dome=Talos Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Talmadge=Mount Talmadge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talutis_Inlet=Talutis Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamarus_Valley=Tamarus Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tantalus_Peak=Tantalus Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarakanov_Ridge=Tarakanov Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matheson_Glacier=Matheson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathewson_Point=Mathewson Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathias_Point=Mathias Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mathew=Mount Mathew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathis_Nunataks=Mathis Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matikonis_Peak=Matikonis Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matney_Peak=Matney Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matsch_Ridge=Matsch Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthews_Glacier=Matthews Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthews_Point=Matthews Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klutschak_Point=Klutschak Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kling=Mount Kling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinger_Ridge=Klinger Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimov_Bluff=Klimov Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klinck_Nunatak=Klinck Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitticarrara_Glacier=Kitticarrara Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kivi_Peak=Kivi Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwi_Pass=Kiwi Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klein_Glacier=Klein Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkwood_Range=Kirkwood Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkaldy_Spur=Kirkaldy Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirby_Cone=Kirby Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinter_Nunatak=Kinter Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkpatrick_Glacier=Kirkpatrick Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirchner_Peak=Kirchner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Kinsey=Cape Kinsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinsey_Ridge=Kinsey Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Pin=King Pin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cliffs=King Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Matz=Mount Matz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maumee_Ice_Piedmont=Maumee Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maurice_Channel=Maurice Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maury_Glacier=Maury Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Mawson=Cape Mawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mawson_Glacier=Mawson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maya_Mountain=Maya Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayer_Hills=Mayer Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayewski_Peak=Mayewski Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayo_Peak=Mayo Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Mayo=Cape Mayo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McArthur_Glacier=McArthur Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_McCann=Mount McCann
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarthy_Glacier=McCarthy Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarthy_Island_(South_Georgia)=McCarthy Island (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarthy_Point=McCarthy Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCarthy_Ridge=McCarthy Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCaslin_Nunatak=McCaslin Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCaw_Ridge=McCaw Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacAyeal_Peak=MacAyeal Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCleary_Glacier=McCleary Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacDonald_Peak=MacDonald Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacDonald_Spur=MacDonald Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_MacDonald=Cape MacDonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacFarlane_Bluff=MacFarlane Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacMahon_Rock=MacMahon Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacMillan_Point=MacMillan Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Macalester=Mount Macalester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Bluffs=Macdonald Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mace=Mount Mace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Macelwane=Mount Macelwane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacPherson_Peak=MacPherson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_Cove=Macdonald Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackay_Glacier=Mackay Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mackey_Rock=Mackey Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Mackintosh=Cape Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Maglione=Mount Maglione
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magga_Peak=Magga Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnis_Ridge=Magnis Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Macnowski=Mount Macnowski
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magnis_Valley=Magnis Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madden_Island=Madden Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahaffey_Glacier=Mahaffey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mahan=Mount Mahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mahogany_Bluff=Mahogany Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mai_Point=Mai Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maidalen=Maidalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mahony=Mount Mahony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maigetter_Peak=Maigetter Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Macklin_(South_Georgia)=Mount Macklin (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Bay=Main Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_Ridge=Maine Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Channel=Main Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mair=Mount Mair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maish_Nunatak=Maish Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maivatn=Maivatn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Malone=Mount Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reola=Reola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malva_Bluff=Malva Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandarich_Massif=Mandarich Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandolin_Hills=Mandolin Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manfull_Ridge=Manfull Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Manke=Mount Manke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mankinen=Mount Mankinen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manna_Glacier=Manna Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansergh_Snowfield=Mansergh Snowfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Manthe=Mount Manthe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchant_Glacier=Marchant Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marck_Glacier=Marck Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marble_Hills=Marble Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcoux_Nunatak=Marcoux Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margaret_Hill=Margaret Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Markab=Mount Markab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marinovic_Beach=Marinovic Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_Nunataks=Marion Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Comercial=La Comercial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Schimansky=Mount Schimansky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheuren_Stream=Scheuren Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scheuermann_Spur=Scheuermann Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schenck_Peak=Schenck Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schanz_Glacier=Schanz Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarlett_Point=Scarlett Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schaefer_Islands=Schaefer Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scallop_Ridge=Scallop Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scambos_Glacier=Scambos Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayen_Rocks=Sayen Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawyer_Nunatak=Sawyer Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_Rock=Saw Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Ridge=Savage Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Nunatak=Savage Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savage_Glacier=Savage Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savin_Nunatak=Savin Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders_Rock=Saunders Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saunders_Mountain=Saunders Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Sastrugi=Cape Sastrugi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarnoff_Mountains=Sarnoff Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarcophagus_Point=Sarcophagus Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandwich_Bluff=Sandwich Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rock=Santa Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandford_Cliffs=Sandford Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandebugten=Sandebugten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandefjord_Cove=Sandefjord Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandau_Nunatak=Sandau Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanctuary_Cliffs=Sanctuary Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Nunataks=Samuel Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Samsel=Mount Samsel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saluta_Rocks=Saluta Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Stream=Salmon Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sample_Nunataks=Sample Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salient_Ridge=Salient Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_Hill=Salmon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salient_Peak=Salient Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salient_Nunatak=Salient Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salient_Glacier=Salient Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamander_Point=Salamander Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_of_Sails=Bay of Sails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schirmacher_Massif=Schirmacher Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schist_Peak=Schist Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schloredt_Nunatak=Schloredt Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmehl_Peak=Schmehl Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmidt_Nunataks=Schmidt Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmidt_Peak=Schmidt Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Schmidtman=Mount Schmidtman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schmutzler_Nunatak=Schmutzler Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Glacier=Schneider Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Peak=Schneider Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schneider_Rock=Schneider Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoeck_Peak=Schoeck Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoofs_Nunatak=Schoofs Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schott_Inlet=Schott Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schroeder_Peak=Schroeder Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schulthess_Buttress=Schulthess Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Schutz=Mount Schutz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwall_Peak=Schwall Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwartz_Cove=Schwartz Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schwartz_Peak=Schwartz Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Score_Ridge=Score Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scoresby_Point=Scoresby Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scorpio_Peaks=Scorpio Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Uplands=Scott Uplands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scree_Gap=Scree Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scott_Peninsula=Scott Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scudding_Glacier=Scudding Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scripps_Heights=Scripps Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scudder_Peak=Scudder Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scudder_Mountain=Scudder Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scrivener_Glacier=Scrivener Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scuttle_Valley=Scuttle Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scuppers_Icefalls=Scuppers Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scythian_Nunatak=Scythian Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Serpent_Cove=Sea Serpent Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephen_Island=Stephen Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stenhouse_Peak=Stenhouse Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Stent=Mount Stent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stench_Point=Stench Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stejneger_Peak=Stejneger Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Steinfeld=Mount Steinfeld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stefansson_Strait=Stefansson Strait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeple_Point=Steeple Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeple_Peaks=Steeple Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Steep=Mount Steep
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steel_Peak=Steel Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Stearns=Mount Stearns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stauffer_Bluff=Stauffer Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Station_Nunatak=Station Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Static_Nunatak=Static Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staten_Island_Heights=Staten Island Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starr_Nunatak=Starr Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starr_Peninsula=Starr Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stark_Ridge=Stark Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbuck_Cirque=Starbuck Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbuck_Peak=Starbuck Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starbuck_Crater=Starbuck Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stapleton_Glacier=Stapleton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_Hills=Stanton Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanwix_Ridge=Stanwix Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stange_Sound=Stange Sound
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Plateau=Stanford Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Standifer_Bluff=Standifer Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanford_Nunatak=Stanford Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Stancliff=Mount Stancliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stahl_Peak=Stahl Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Stagnaro=Mount Stagnaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staack_Nunatak=Staack Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sessums_Glacier=Sessums Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serlin_Spur=Serlin Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serba_Peak=Serba Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seraph_Bay=Seraph Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennet_Glacier=Sennet Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Senderens=Mount Senderens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Send=Mount Send
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Semprebon=Mount Semprebon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Semla_Reef=Semla Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal_Glacier=Seal Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaquist_Peak=Seaquist Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaward_Rock=Seaward Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seay_Peak=Seay Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Facet=Second Facet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sechrist_Peak=Sechrist Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Milestone=Second Milestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefton_Glacier=Sefton Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Selby=Mount Selby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sims_Island=Sims Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Simsarian=Mount Simsarian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sinha=Mount Sinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siniff_Bay=Siniff Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singleton_Nunatak=Singleton Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Singer_Glacier=Singer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siple_Dome=Siple Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siple_Ridge=Siple Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirius_Cliffs=Sirius Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siren_Rock=Siren Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisco_Mesa=Sisco Mesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitka_Bay=Sitka Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivjee_Glacier=Sivjee Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skellerup_Glacier=Skellerup Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skelly_Peak=Skelly Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skelton_Icefalls=Skelton Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skew_Peak=Skew Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skilift_Col=Skilift Col
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skilton_Ledge=Skilton Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Skinner Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner_Ridge=Skinner Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner_Saddle=Skinner Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skinner_Peak=Skinner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skontorp_Rock=Skontorp Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skua_Glacier=Skua Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skua_Point=Skua Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skua_Gull_Peak=Skua Gull Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Rock=Sky Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky-Hi_Nunataks=Sky-Hi Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slackwater_Cirque=Slackwater Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sladen_Summit=Sladen Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slater_Rocks=Slater Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Slaughter=Mount Slaughter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Ridge=Smith Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Peninsula=Smith Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Nunataks=Smith Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Knob=Smith Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Heights=Smith Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Cliff=Smith Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Bluffs=Smith Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Small_Bay_(South_Georgia)=Small Bay (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smaaland_Cove=Smaaland Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slusher_Nunatak=Slusher Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slump_Mountain=Slump Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slossarczyk_Crag=Slossarczyk Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slichter_Foreland=Slichter Foreland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoky_Wall=Smoky Wall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smoot_Rock=Smoot Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smythe_Shoulder=Smythe Shoulder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snow_Nunataks=Snow Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowy_Point=Snowy Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowshoe_Pass=Snowshoe Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowplume_Peak=Snowplume Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snyder_Peak=Snyder Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snyder_Peninsula=Snyder Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soholt_Peaks=Soholt Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solem_Ridge=Solem Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Saddle=Solomon Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solomon_Glacier=Solomon Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sombre_Point=Sombre Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_LeBlanc=Cape LeBlanc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Heights=Thomas Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sperm_Bluff=Sperm Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Spencer=Mount Spencer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Peak=Spencer Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Spencer-Smith=Cape Spencer-Smith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spencer_Nunatak=Spencer Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spear_Nunatak=Spear Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spectator_Nunatak=Spectator Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spear_Glacier=Spear Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaulding_Peninsula=Spaulding Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spath_Peninsula=Spath Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaulding_Rocks=Spaulding Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Spaaman=Mount Spaaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuz-18_Rock=Soyuz-18 Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuz-17_Cliff=Soyuz-17 Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soyuz-13_Rock=Soyuz-13 Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Southwick=Mount Southwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Southern=Mount Southern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Southard=Mount Southard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_West_Point=South West Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Stream_(Antarctica)=South Stream (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Beacon=South Beacon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sourabaya=Mount Sourabaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sosa_Icefalls=Sosa Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soto_Glacier=Soto Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorn_and_Bernt=Sorn and Bernt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorlle_Buttress=Sorlle Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorenson_Glacier=Sorenson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sore_Thumb=Sore Thumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooty_Cove=Sooty Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Soond=Mount Soond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonntag_Nunatak=Sonntag Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spheroid_Hill=Spheroid Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphagnum_Valley=Sphagnum Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiers_Nunatak=Spiers Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sphinx_Valley=Sphinx Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spiess_Glacier=Spiess Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spilite_Arch=Spilite Arch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spike_Cape=Spike Cape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spindrift_Bluff=Spindrift Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spitz_Ridge=Spitz Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splettstoesser_Glacier=Splettstoesser Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srite_Glacier=Srite Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squires_Peak=Squires Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squires_Glacier=Squires Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Square_Rock=Square Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Squire_Point=Squire Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ives_Lifeboat_Station=St Ives Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilfracombe_Lifeboat_Station=Ilfracombe Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Splinter_Crag=Splinter Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Split_Pin=The Split Pin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sponholz_Peak=Sponholz Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sporli=Mount Sporli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spring_Glacier=Spring Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springtail_Point=Springtail Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springer_Peak=Springer Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sprocket_Glacier=Sprocket Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Glacier=Thomas Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thode_Island=Thode Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thern_Promontory=Thern Promontory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodor_Rock=Theodor Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tharp_Ice_Rise=Tharp Ice Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tether_Rock=Tether Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tesore_Hill=Tesore Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Testa_Ridge=Testa Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Terrazas=Mount Terrazas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrace_Ridge=Terrace Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terra_Nova_Islands=Terra Nova Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminus_Mountain=Terminus Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terminus_Nunatak=Terminus Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tentacle_Ridge=Tentacle Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tent_Rock=Tent Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tenniel=Mount Tenniel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tenney=Mount Tenney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temnikow_Nunataks=Temnikow Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasch_Peak=Tasch Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tasman_Ridge=Tasman Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taurus_Nunataks=Taurus Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_Peak=Tate Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Buttresses=Taylor Buttresses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tawny_Gap=Tawny Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Dome=Taylor Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Outlier=Taylor Outlier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Spur=Taylor Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teall_Nunatak=Teall Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teardrop_Pond=Teardrop Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tedrow_Glacier=Tedrow Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teeters_Nunatak=Teeters Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teie_Point=Teie Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teller_Peak=Teller Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tegge=Mount Tegge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Touchdown_Glacier=Touchdown Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toth_Nunataks=Toth Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tot_Pond=Tot Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tortula_Cove=Tortula Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tornquist_Bay=Tornquist Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Helms=Mount Helms
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hemmingsen=Mount Hemmingsen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway_Ridge=Highway Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendersin_Knob=Hendersin Knob
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hoffman=Mount Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hofmann_Spur=Hofmann Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hofman_Hill=Hofman Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogback_Hill=Hogback Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogmanay_Pass=Hogmanay Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hogs_Mouth_Rocks=Hogs Mouth Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoinkes_Peak=Hoinkes Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holden_Nunataks=Holden Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Holdgate=Mount Holdgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holcomb_Glacier=Holcomb Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holiday_Peak=Holiday Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holgate_Shoal=Holgate Shoal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollingsworth_Glacier=Hollingsworth Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holladay_Nunataks=Holladay Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Holmboe=Mount Holmboe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Block=Holmes Block
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Bluff=Holmes Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Hills=Holmes Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes_Ridge=Holmes Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt_Glacier=Holt Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt_Peak=Holt Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holtet_Nunatak=Holtet Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holth_Peaks=Holth Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Point_(South_Georgia)=Hope Point (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hooper_Crags=Hooper Crags
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon_Bluff=Horizon Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornaday_Rock=Hornaday Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornblende_Bluffs=Hornblende Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horne_Nunataks=Horne Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Horne=Mount Horne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horner_Nunatak=Horner Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horney_Bluff=Horney Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horrall_Glacier=Horrall Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horsburgh_Point=Horsburgh Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horror_Rock=Horror Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Bluff=Horse Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Crater=Horseshoe Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Mountain=Horseshoe Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Nunatak=Horseshoe Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horse_Head_(South_Georgia)=Horse Head (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hoskins=Mount Hoskins
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hough_Glacier=Hough Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hourglass_Buttress=Hourglass Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hourihan_Glacier=Hourihan Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_Glacier=Houston Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/House_Nunatak=House Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Nunataks=Howard Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howard_Peaks=Howard Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Howard=Cape Howard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kade_Point=Kade Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoffman_Peak=Hoffman Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalafut_Nunatak=Kalafut Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamb_Glacier=Kamb Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamenev_Nunatak=Kamenev Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanak_Peak=Kanak Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Mountains=Thomas Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Nunatak=Thomas Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Rock=Thomas Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Thomas=Lake Thomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Escarpment=Thompson Escarpment
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Glacier=Thomson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Nunataks=Thompson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Mountain=Thompson Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Rock=Thomson Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Ridge=Thompson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomson_Summit=Thomson Summit
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thoreson_Peak=Thoreson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Thornton=Mount Thornton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Nunataks=Three Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Sails=Three Sails
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumb_Point=Thumb Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thumb_Promontory=Thumb Promontory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thyasira_Hill=Thyasira Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiger_Rocks=Tiger Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tijuca_Point=Tijuca Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tierney_Peninsula=Tierney Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tighe_Rock=Tighe Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tigerstripe_Ridge=Tigerstripe Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tidd=Mount Tidd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilbrook_Point=Tilbrook Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillergone_Slope=Tillergone Slope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kane=Mount Kane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanin_Point=Kanin Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kannheiser_Glacier=Kannheiser Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansas_Glacier=Kansas Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kappen_Cliffs=Kappen Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kar_Plateau=Kar Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaali_Rocks=Karaali Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karlsen_Cliffs=Karlsen Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topside_Glacier=Topside Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tor_Point=Tor Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonsberg_Point=Tonsberg Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomovick_Nunatak=Tomovick Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomilin_Glacier=Tomilin Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomblin_Rock=Tomblin Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toltec_Butte=Toltec Butte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomandl_Nunatak=Tomandl Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tollefson_Nunatak=Tollefson Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tolley=Mount Tolley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Todd=Mount Todd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toddy_Pond=Toddy Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Ridge=Todd Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Hill=Todd Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Gully=Todd Gully
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tito_Peak=Tito Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tisobis_Valley=Tisobis Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinglof_Peninsula=Tinglof Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tindley_Peaks=Tindley Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilman_Ridge=Tilman Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timber_Peak=Timber Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillite_Spur=Tillite Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karrakatta_Valley=Karrakatta Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kauffman_Glacier=Kauffman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kauffman=Mount Kauffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kay_Peak=Kay Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kazukaitis=Mount Kazukaitis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kealey_Ice_Rise=Kealey Ice Rise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keating_Massif=Keating Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearns_Peninsula=Kearns Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keble_Hills=Keble Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Keeler=Cape Keeler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keim_Peak=Keim Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurston_Glacier=Thurston Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runyon_Rock=Runyon Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruotolo_Peak=Ruotolo Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Russell=Cape Russell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rust_Bluff=Rust Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rustad_Bay=Rustad Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutland_Nunatak=Rutland Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Point=Ryan Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryder_Glacier=Ryder Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rydelek_Icefalls=Rydelek Icefalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racine_Nunatak=Racine Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radford_Island=Radford Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radian_Glacier=Radian Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rymill_Coast=Rymill Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryan_Reef=Ryan Reef
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Rymill=Cape Rymill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragle_Glacier=Ragle Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragotzkie_Glacier=Ragotzkie Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rahi_Peak=Rahi Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rainbow=Mount Rainbow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainey_Glacier=Rainey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainbow_Ridge=Rainbow Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Head=Ram Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramage_Point=Ramage Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ralph=Mount Ralph
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampart_Ridge=Rampart Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rampart_Terrace=Rampart Terrace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramp_Rocks=Ramp Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahiwi_Maihao_Ridge=Kahiwi Maihao Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramseier_Glacier=Ramseier Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Keinath=Mount Keinath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randall_Ridge=Randall Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rand_Peak=Rand Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keller_Inlet=Keller Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelley_Massif=Kelley Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rankin_Glacier=Rankin Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelley_Nunatak=Kelley Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranney_Nunatak=Ranney Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kellogg_Glacier=Kellogg Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranvik=Ranvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Nunataks=Kelly Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rare_Range=Rare Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Plateau=Kelly Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelmelis_Hills=Kelmelis Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelp_Bank=Kelp Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranvika=Ranvika
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelsey_Cliff=Kelsey Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Keltie=Mount Keltie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelp_Bay=Kelp Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelp_Point=Kelp Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kempe_Glacier=Kempe Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Kempe=Mount Kempe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renegar_Glacier=Renegar Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rendezvous_Rocks=Rendezvous Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenfield_Nunatak=Kenfield Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennedy_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Kennedy Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relief_Pass=Relief Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relief_Inlet=Relief Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relay_Hills=Relay Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennel_Peak=Kennel Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennett_Ridge=Kennett Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenney_Nunatak=Kenney Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kent_Plateau=Kent Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kessens_Peak=Kessens Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ketchum_Ridge=Ketchum Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Keyhole=Lake Keyhole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keys_Glacier=Keys Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khamsin_Pass=Khamsin Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyser_Nunatak=Keyser Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilroy_Bluff=Kilroy Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killer_Ridge=Killer Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rath=Mount Rath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ratliff=Mount Ratliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rathbone_Hills=Rathbone Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Ice_Ridge=Raymond Ice Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravens_Mountains=Ravens Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razor_Point=Razor Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Razorback=Mount Razorback
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebholz_Nunatak=Rebholz Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rea_Rocks=Rea Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rebuff_Glacier=Rebuff Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recely_Bluff=Recely Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recess_Nunatak=Recess Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckling_Moraine=Reckling Moraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reckling_Peak=Reckling Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recoil_Glacier=Recoil Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rector_Ridge=Rector Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Ridge=Red Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Buttress_Peak=Red Buttress Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redcliff_Nunatak=Redcliff Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Spur=Red Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reddick_Nunatak=Reddick Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redpath_Peaks=Redpath Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reece_Pass=Reece Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Nunataks=Reed Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reed_Ridge=Reed Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reef_Point=Reef Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeves_Bluffs=Reeves Bluffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reek_Point=Reek Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeves_Neve=Reeves Neve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeves_Glacier=Reeves Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reeves_Plateau=Reeves Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Referring_Peak=Referring Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Regulator=Mount Regulator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid_Bluff=Reid Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Reichelderfer=Cape Reichelderfer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid_Ridge=Reid Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reindeer_Valley=Reindeer Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reilly_Rocks=Reilly Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luisa_Bay=Luisa Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lurabee_Glacier=Lurabee Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyell_Lake=Lyell Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lymburner=Mount Lymburner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lynch=Mount Lynch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynch_Point=Lynch Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon_Nunataks=Lyon Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyttelton_Peak=Lyttelton Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vincent_Islands=Vincent Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vince_Nunatak=Vince Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Viets=Mount Viets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Cliff=Victor Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestfold_Island=Vestfold Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestal_Ridge=Vestal Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernier_Valley=Vernier Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vertigo_Cliffs=Vertigo Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verleger_Point=Verleger Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rennell_Glacier=Rennell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renner_Peak=Renner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repeater_Glacier=Repeater Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Nunatak=Rescue Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Point=Rescue Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescue_Rock=Rescue Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resolution_Point=Resolution Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restitution_Point=Restitution Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rester_Peak=Rester Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Retreat=Point Retreat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revelle_Inlet=Revelle Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reuther_Nunataks=Reuther Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rexford_Glacier=Rexford Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Bench=Reynolds Bench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Glacier=Reynolds Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Nunatak=Reynolds Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Peak=Reynolds Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Ridge=Reynolds Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Reynolds=Mount Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reynolds_Strait=Reynolds Strait
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Reynolds=Cape Reynolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Icefall=Rhodes Icefall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Head=Rhodes Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhodes_Bluff=Rhodes Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyolite_Islands=Rhyolite Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhino_Rock=Rhino Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice_Ridge=Rice Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rich=Mount Rich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vereyken_Glacier=Vereyken Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richards_Nunatak=Richards Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verdant_Islands=Verdant Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Richardson Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venzke_Glacier=Venzke Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson_Hill=Richardson Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venta_Plateau=Venta Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vennum=Mount Vennum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Peak=Richmond Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velasco_Glacier=Velasco Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vela_Bluff=Vela Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Velie_Nunatak=Velie Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vegetation_Island=Vegetation Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan_Knoll=Sullivan Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaughan_Island=Vaughan Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varney_Nunatak=Varney Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantage_Hill=Vantage Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vann_Peak=Vann Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vane_Glacier=Vane Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vance=Mount Vance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vance_Bluff=Vance Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Van_der_Veer=Mount Van der Veer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Van_Valkenburg=Mount Van Valkenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Reeth_Glacier=Van Reeth Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Allen_Range=Van Allen Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Van_Buren=Mount Van Buren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robison_Peak=Robison Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robison_Glacier=Robison Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Peak=Robinson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Point=Robertson Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Robertson_(Antarctica)=Mount Robertson (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Ridge=Robertson Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Massif=Robertson Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Buttress=Robertson Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Richter=Mount Richter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricker_Canyon=Ricker Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ricker_Hills=Ricker Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riddiford_Nunatak=Riddiford Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Pike=Roberts Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Peak=Roberts Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Cirque=Roberts Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rigel=Mount Rigel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Right_Whale_Rocks=Right Whale Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rightangle_Peak=Rightangle Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rignot_Glacier=Rignot Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Riley=Mount Riley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riley_Glacier=Riley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rim_Glacier=Rim Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringgold_Knoll=Ringgold Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringer_Glacier=Ringer Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riptide_Cirque=Riptide Cirque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ritchie=Mount Ritchie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riu_o_Te_Ata_Valley=Riu o Te Ata Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivard_Glacier=Rivard Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivera_Peaks=Rivera Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roa_Ridge=Roa Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roadend_Nunatak=Roadend Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riviera_Ridge=Riviera Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roaring_Ridge=Roaring Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roaring_Valley=Roaring Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbins_Glacier=Robbins Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robbins_Hill=Robbins Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Roberts=Cape Roberts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochray_Glacier=Rochray Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockfall_Cliff=Rockfall Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockney_Ridge=Rockney Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rodger=Mount Rodger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Spur=Rogers Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogged_Bay=Rogged Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Count_Mountain=La Count Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Gorce_Mountains=La Gorce Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackey_Ridge=Lackey Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rolf_Rock=Rolf Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romerof_Head=Romerof Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronald_Ridge=Ronald Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ronca=Mount Ronca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ronne=Mount Ronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rookery_Point=Rookery Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagoon_Point=Lagoon Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roos_Glacier=Roos Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roper_Point=Roper Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laine_Hills=Laine Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosanova_Glacier=Rosanova Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laizure_Glacier=Laizure Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laird_Plateau=Laird Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscolyn_Tor=Roscolyn Tor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosen_Peak=Rosen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg_Glacier=Rosenberg Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rosenthal=Mount Rosenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Pass=Ross Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Ross=Cape Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lama=Mount Lama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Lamas=Cape Lamas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamb_Peak=Lamb Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamb_Point=Lamb Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Lamb=Cape Lamb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambert_Nunatak=Lambert Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamboley_Peak=Lamboley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lampert=Mount Lampert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamplugh_Inlet=Lamplugh Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamplugh_Island=Lamplugh Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancetes_Lake=Lancetes Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landfall_Peak=Landfall Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Land_Bay=Land Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Landmark_Peak=Landmark Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Landolt=Mount Landolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavris_Peak=Lavris Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavallee_Point=Lavallee Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lava_Tongue_Pass=Lava Tongue Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauritzen_Bay=Lauritzen Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lauff_Island=Lauff Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Laudon=Mount Laudon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lang_Nunatak=Lang Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langhofer_Island=Langhofer Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langford_Peak=Langford Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Langway=Mount Langway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lanning=Mount Lanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lanzerotti=Mount Lanzerotti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanz_Peak=Lanz Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larga_Valley=Larga Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larsen_Glacier=Larsen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Larsen_(South_Sandwich_Islands)=Mount Larsen (South Sandwich Islands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Larsen_(Victoria_Land)=Mount Larsen (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larson_Crag=Larson Crag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larson_Valley=Larson Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larssen_Peak=Larssen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larvik_Cone=Larvik Cone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashly_Glacier=Lashly Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashly_Mountains=Lashly Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lassiter_Coast=Lassiter Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rossman=Mount Rossman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotunda_Glacier=Rotunda Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rotz_Glacier=Rotz Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowley_Corridor=Rowley Corridor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rowley_Massif=Rowley Massif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubble_Glacier=Rubble Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubey_Glacier=Rubey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rubin_de_la_Borbolla=Mount Rubin de la Borbolla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruby_Peak_(South_Georgia_Island)=Ruby Peak (South Georgia Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rucker_Spur=Rucker Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rucker=Mount Rucker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudder_Point=Rudder Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rude_Spur=Rude Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rullman_Peak=Rullman Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rum_Pond=Rum Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumbolds_Point=Rumbolds Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Rummage=Mount Rummage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runcorn_Glacier=Runcorn Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LeFeuvre_Scarp=LeFeuvre Scarp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leafvein_Gulch=Leafvein Gulch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leach_Nunatak=Leach Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lear_Spire=Lear Spire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Glacier=Lee Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledda_Bay=Ledda Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Nunatak=Lee Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee_Lake=Lee Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Leech=Mount Leech
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Leek=Mount Leek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeson_Point=Leeson Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehrke_Inlet=Lehrke Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leininger_Peak=Leininger Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leister_Peak=Leister Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Leland=Mount Leland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemanis_Valley=Lemanis Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lens_Peak=Lens Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepley_Nunatak=Lepley Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lepus=Mount Lepus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lester_Peak=Lester Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lettau_Peak=Lettau Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Level_Valley=Level Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lever_Nunataks=Lever Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Levick=Mount Levick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levko_Glacier=Levko Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewandowski_Point=Lewandowski Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Bluff=Lewis Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Nunatak=Lewis Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Point=Lewis Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewis_Rocks=Lewis Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisohn_Nunatak=Lewisohn Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Liard=Mount Liard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Liavaag=Mount Liavaag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichen_Peak=Lichen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lidke_Ice_Stream=Lidke Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lie_Cliff=Lie Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lieske_Glacier=Lieske Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Light=Mount Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lighthouse_Bay=Lighthouse Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lind_Ridge=Lind Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linder_Peak=Linder Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Lindley=Mount Lindley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindsey_Islands=Lindsey Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Glacier_Camp=Union Glacier Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Glacier_Blue-Ice_Runway=Union Glacier Blue-Ice Runway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Photovoltaic_Power_Plant=Blythe Photovoltaic Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Building,_Kiev=Government Building, Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovereta=Rovereta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalziel_Park_(stadium)=Dalziel Park (stadium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daviot,_Highland=Daviot, Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynmouth_Lifeboat_Station=Lynmouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minehead_Lifeboat_Station=Minehead Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oak_Ridge,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Oak Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Locust_Valley,_Pennsylvania=Locust Valley, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isvoarele=Isvoarele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnham-on-Sea_Lifeboat_Station=Burnham-on-Sea Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aroya,_Colorado=Aroya, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walterstone=Walterstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnham_Area_Rescue_Boat=Burnham Area Rescue Boat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penlee_Lifeboat_Station=Penlee Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Row_Heath=Row Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watersheds_of_North_America=Watersheds of North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_Sink=Butte Sink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottington=Nottington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepsi=Lepsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepsy=Lepsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weymouth_Lifeboat_Station=Weymouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salcombe_Lifeboat_Station=Salcombe Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teignmouth_Lifeboat_Station=Teignmouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehemetsa=Lehemetsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quoditch=Quoditch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provo_Tabernacle=Provo Tabernacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mudeford_Lifeboat_Station=Mudeford Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvegor_Saddle=Zvegor Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharagpur_Sadar_(Vidhan_Sabha_constituency)=Kharagpur Sadar (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharagpur_(Vidhan_Sabha_constituency)=Kharagpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patleyna_Glacier=Patleyna Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opalchenie_Peak=Opalchenie Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnare_Col=Karnare Col
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drama_Glacier=Drama Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poole_Lifeboat_Station=Poole Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qurum=Qurum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyuban,_Belarus=Lyuban, Belarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Peak_(Antarctica)=Chapman Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Benson_(Antarctica)=Mount Benson (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brook_Glacier=Brook Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allen_(Antarctica)=Mount Allen (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sennen_Cove_Lifeboat_Station=Sennen Cove Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narela=Narela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Severinghaus_Glacier=Severinghaus Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kornicker_Glacier=Kornicker Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bender_Glacier=Bender Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodge_Col=Goodge Col
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltzman_Glacier=Saltzman Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Watershed_of_North_America=Atlantic Watershed of North America
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnellan_Glacier=Donnellan Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Peak=Fukushima Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverstein_Peak=Silverstein Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGE_radar_stations=SAGE radar stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Horse_Tavern_(Old_Saybrook,_Connecticut)=Black Horse Tavern (Old Saybrook, Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chequerbent_railway_station=Chequerbent railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Encounter=Penguin Encounter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Ascension,_Roman_Catholic_(Manhattan)=Church of the Ascension, Roman Catholic (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Station_(MBTA_station)=South Station (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donavon,_Saskatchewan=Donavon, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gledhow,_Saskatchewan=Gledhow, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marriott,_Saskatchewan=Marriott, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Centre,_Saskatchewan=Valley Centre, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borth_Lifeboat_Station=Borth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Carolina_Monument=North Carolina Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Bushnell_House=Elisha Bushnell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thetis_(island)=Thetis (island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Glacier=Aaron Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anu_Whakatoro_Glacier=Anu Whakatoro Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arriens_Glacier=Arriens Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exmouth_Lifeboat_Station=Exmouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustyansky_District=Ustyansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torquay_Lifeboat_Station=Torquay Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torbay_Lifeboat_Station=Torbay Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Point,_Oregon=Rocky Point, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_River_(Amal)=Red River (Amal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoer_Head=Stoer Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Keith's_Theater_(Flushing,_Queens)=RKO Keith's Theater (Flushing, Queens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nam_Pung_Dam=Nam Pung Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubol_Ratana_Dam=Ubol Ratana Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Top_Branch=Round Top Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhalawar_State=Jhalawar State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alleghany_County_Courthouse=Alleghany County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McMillan_Woods=McMillan Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_Museum_and_Visitor_Center=Gettysburg Museum and Visitor Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglaston_Hill_Historic_District=Douglaston Hill Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbrier_Mall=Greenbrier Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Umisk_Island=Umisk Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmer,_Saskatchewan=Palmer, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cleveland_Light=Cape Cleveland Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooks_Brook_(Newfoundland)=Cooks Brook (Newfoundland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falmouth_Docks=Falmouth Docks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quintrell_Downs=Quintrell Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Pennsylvania_State_Memorial=The Pennsylvania State Memorial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Point_Light=Cleveland Point Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1938_Gettysburg_reunion=1938 Gettysburg reunion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Angle=The Angle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aster_Glacier=Aster Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bachtold_Glacier=Bachtold Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odgen,_Illinois=Odgen, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianus_River_Bridge=Mianus River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa,_Shetland=Papa, Shetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bega_River_(New_South_Wales)=Bega River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Dry_Creek_(Littleton,_Colorado)=Big Dry Creek (Littleton, Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joan_Township,_Ontario=Joan Township, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phyllis_Township=Phyllis Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hidden_Lake_Winery=Hidden Lake Winery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_Prison=Cork Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollaston_Barge_Ferry=Wollaston Barge Ferry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelway=Nelway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarica=Lazarica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Harra',_Makkah=Al Harra', Makkah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson_Mountain=Williamson Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Dam=Cochrane Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Victoria_Pier_railway_station=Hull Victoria Pier railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopsis_Glacier=Kopsis Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangey_Heights=Bangey Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chepino_Saddle=Chepino Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bezden_Peak=Bezden Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golemani_Peak=Golemani Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oreshak_Peak=Oreshak Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fucha_Peak=Fucha Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panicheri_Gap=Panicheri Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maglenik_Heights=Maglenik Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirovyane_Peak=Mirovyane Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimornitsa_Peak=Zimornitsa Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voysil_Peak=Voysil Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichera_Peak=Ichera Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dropla_Gap=Dropla Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamarchev_Peak=Mamarchev Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulpudeva_Glacier=Pulpudeva Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vranya_Pass=Vranya Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vanand_Peak=Vanand Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toros_Peak=Toros Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manole_Pass=Manole Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Veregava_Ridge=Veregava Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushla_Peak=Kushla Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sipey_Peak=Sipey Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berisad_Glacier=Berisad Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gubesh_Peak=Gubesh Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doyran_Heights=Doyran Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostinbrod_Pass=Kostinbrod Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beloslav_Peak=Beloslav Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goreme_Col=Goreme Col
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prosenik_Peak=Prosenik Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midzhur_Peak_(Antarctica)=Midzhur Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodrigan=Bodrigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stolnik_Peak=Stolnik Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kasilag_Pass=Kasilag Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petvar_Heights=Petvar Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagra_Peak=Bagra Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruset_Peak=Ruset Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malkoch_Peak=Malkoch Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fruzhin_Peak=Fruzhin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mullen=Mount Mullen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinsmeister_Ridge=Zinsmeister Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_la_Cabrera=Sierra de la Cabrera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rock_River=White Rock River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_la_Cabrera_(Sistema_Central)=Sierra de la Cabrera (Sistema Central)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Park_Country_Park=Manor Park Country Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pambrun,_Saskatchewan=Pambrun, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kickapoo_Cavern_State_Park=Kickapoo Cavern State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sis=Mount Sis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humbug_Marsh=Humbug Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_(Clear_Creek)=Rock Creek (Clear Creek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_(Medicine_Bow_River)=Rock Creek (Medicine Bow River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_School=Watson School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachariah_Curtiss_House=Zachariah Curtiss House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freguesia_(Ilha_do_Governador)=Freguesia (Ilha do Governador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loire=Loire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basai=Basai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edappally_Junction=Edappally Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremar_Coombe=Tremar Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Chaffee=Lake Chaffee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadford,_County_Clare=Broadford, County Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fankerton=Fankerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikare_River_(Northland)=Waikare River (Northland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikare_River_(Bay_of_Plenty)=Waikare River (Bay of Plenty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/72nd_Pennsylvania_Infantry_Monument=72nd Pennsylvania Infantry Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namcha_Barwa_Himal=Namcha Barwa Himal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi_County=Nairobi County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sutton_Peak_(Antarctica)=Sutton Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chequerbent_railway_station_(1831)=Chequerbent railway station (1831)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Blue Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bailey_(Antarctica)=Mount Bailey (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spain_Peak=Spain Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringer_Valley=Ringer Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Traverse_Mountains_(Antarctica)=Traverse Mountains (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casey_Point=Casey Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_and_Harrisburg_Railroad=Gettysburg and Harrisburg Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Thompson_(Antarctica)=Mount Thompson (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Ridge=Willis Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elfring_Peak=Elfring Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Alexandra_(Antarctica)=Mount Alexandra (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozelle_Bay=Rozelle Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Chaudoin=Mount Chaudoin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Stage_(Antarctica)=The Stage (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Harbour_(Antarctica)=New Harbour (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluff_Point_(South_Georgia)=Bluff Point (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Mountains_(Antarctica)=Columbia Mountains (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_Inlet_(Palmer_Land)=Smith Inlet (Palmer Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Mountain_Railroad_(Cumberland)=South Mountain Railroad (Cumberland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunter's_Run_and_Slate_Belt_Railroad=Hunter's Run and Slate Belt Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webb_Canyon=Webb Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colter_Canyon=Colter Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterfalls_Canyon=Waterfalls Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Snowshoe_Canyon=Snowshoe Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leigh_Canyon=Leigh Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_Canyon=Hanging Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valhalla_Canyon=Valhalla Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Open_Canyon=Open Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avalanche_Canyon=Avalanche Canyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Davidson_(Antarctica)=Mount Davidson (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Grove_Iron_Works=Pine Grove Iron Works
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Place=Rogers Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_River_(New_South_Wales)=Chandler River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Pelado=Cerro Pelado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Executive_Airpark=Austin Executive Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mullion_Island=Mullion Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandved,_Norway=Sandved, Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riska=Riska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Monument=Virginia Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spangler_Woods=Spangler Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gull_Tickle=Gull Tickle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_C._Murphy_House=Paul C. Murphy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_J._Malarkey_House=Daniel J. Malarkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_and_Elizabeth_Malarkey_House=Herbert and Elizabeth Malarkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pipes_House=George Pipes House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_Pipes_House=Martin Luther Pipes House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postal_Building_(Portland,_Oregon)=Postal Building (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alofitai=Alofitai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala'e_(Wallis)=Mala'e (Wallis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Wheeler_House=James E. Wheeler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora_Bryant_Wheeler_House=Cora Bryant Wheeler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_F._Murphy_House=Paul F. Murphy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Oaks,_Fairfax_County,_Virginia=Fair Oaks, Fairfax County, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivanna_(CDP),_Virginia=Rivanna (CDP), Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Burnham_(Oates_Land)=Mount Burnham (Oates Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Burnham_(Marie_Byrd_Land)=Mount Burnham (Marie Byrd Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustad_Church=Hustad Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Benavides_Library=Miguel de Benavides Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_Park,_Hounslow=Grove Park, Hounslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Creek,_Queensland=Bells Creek, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelby=Kelby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Building_(Memphis)=Exchange Building (Memphis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiului_metro_station=Jiului metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlands,_California=Woodlands, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorno-Altai_Autonomous_Soviet_Socialist_Republic=Gorno-Altai Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marunouchi_Building=Marunouchi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelfield,_Saskatchewan=Kelfield, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Seaboard_fall_line=Atlantic Seaboard fall line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valentia_Lifeboat_Station=Valentia Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_and_Harrisburg_Railway=Gettysburg and Harrisburg Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttar_Sarinh=Buttar Sarinh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wood_(Palmer_Land)=Mount Wood (Palmer Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Wood_(Victoria_Land)=Mount Wood (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_R._Corbett_House=Elliott R. Corbett House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_railway_station,_Leicestershire=Moira railway station, Leicestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel,_North_Dakota=Isabel, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Hill_House=Richmond Hill House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelph_City_Hall=Guelph City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forden=Forden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Khalid_Air_Base=King Khalid Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muwaffaq_Salti_Air_Base=Muwaffaq Salti Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Beskidian_Piedmont=Central Beskidian Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLean_Island_(Saskatchewan)=McLean Island (Saskatchewan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quoit,_Cornwall=Quoit, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyto_Hut=Peyto Hut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_River_(Ontario)=Crow River (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniester_Pumped_Storage_Power_Station=Dniester Pumped Storage Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalarsky_District=Kalarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrinsky_District=Kyrinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerchinsky_District=Nerchinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerchinsko-Zavodsky_District=Nerchinsko-Zavodsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pogarsky_District=Pogarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kizilsky_District=Kizilsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirensky_District=Kirensky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omutninsky_District=Omutninsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuryansky_District=Yuryansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myshkinsky_District=Myshkinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadyysky_District=Kadyysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitriyevsky_District=Dmitriyevsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korenevsky_District=Korenevsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buturlinsky_District=Buturlinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaginsky_District=Gaginsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshkovsky_District=Moshkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordynsky_District=Ordynsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltavsky_District=Poltavsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Ishimsky_District=Ust-Ishimsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novoderevenkovsky_District=Novoderevenkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azovsky_District=Azovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyshlinsky_District=Kamyshlinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltaysky_District=Baltaysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyshlovsky_District=Kamyshlovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slobodo-Turinsky_District=Slobodo-Turinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turinsky_District=Turinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleninsky_District=Oleninsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zharkovsky_District=Zharkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishimsky_District=Ishimsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omutinsky_District=Omutinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarkovsky_District=Yarkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate_Island=Tate Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalachyovsky_District=Kalachyovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaduysky_District=Kaduysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogucharsky_District=Bogucharsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buturlinovsky_District=Buturlinovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalacheyevsky_District=Kalacheyevsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogorodskoye_District=Bogorodskoye District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandvi=Khandvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefid_Sang=Sefid Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retew=Retew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alb_(Southern_Black_Forest)=Alb (Southern Black Forest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Highlands,_Baltimore=Baltimore Highlands, Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Bay_Peninsula=Black Bay Peninsula
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Base_Cavite=Naval Base Cavite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Hills,_Tennessee=Forrest Hills, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenin_Comsomol_park=Lenin Comsomol park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bailey_Fountain=Bailey Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consecration_of_the_National_Cemetery_at_Gettysburg=Consecration of the National Cemetery at Gettysburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiparahoaka_Mountain=Waiparahoaka Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walcott_South_Stream=Walcott South Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walcott_North_Stream=Walcott North Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hir_Rural_District=Hir Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmail_Khan_Kandi=Esmail Khan Kandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sup'ung_Dam=Sup'ung Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Lifeboat_Station=Baltimore Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erima=Erima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenah_District=Jenah District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukherd_District=Kukherd District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamidiya=Hamidiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_State_Fair=Utah State Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalkhvoran-e_Viyand=Kalkhvoran-e Viyand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viyand-e_Kalkhvoran=Viyand-e Kalkhvoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Butterwick=East Butterwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDA_Bollaram=IDA Bollaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_North_railway_station=Mount Vernon North railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Mississippi_Infantry_Monument=11th Mississippi Infantry Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hughes_AN/TSQ-51_Air_Defense_Command_and_Coordination_System=Hughes AN/TSQ-51 Air Defense Command and Coordination System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieme=Nieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bottoms,_Cornwall=Bottoms, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brill,_Cornwall=Brill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton,_Cornwall=Brighton, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadlane=Broadlane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Lane=Broad Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brocton,_Cornwall=Brocton, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunnion=Brunnion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooks,_Cornwall=Brooks, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budge's_Shop=Budge's Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlawn=Burlawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlorne_Tregoose=Burlorne Tregoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlorne_Pillow=Burlorne Pillow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burn,_Cornwall=Burn, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnthouse,_Cornwall=Burnthouse, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush,_Cornwall=Bush, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burncoose=Burncoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butteriss_Gate=Butteriss Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buryas_Bridge=Buryas Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burraton,_Cornwall=Burraton, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burraton_Coombe=Burraton Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttsbear_Cross=Buttsbear Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callestick=Callestick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calvadnack=Calvadnack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calenick=Calenick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calloose=Calloose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambrose=Cambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannalidgey=Cannalidgey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbis=Carbis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carclaze=Carclaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carey_Park,_Cornwall=Carey Park, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carkeel=Carkeel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlidnack=Carlidnack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carminow_Cross=Carminow Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carludon=Carludon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carn_Arthen=Carn Arthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carne,_Cornwall=Carne, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnsmerry=Carnsmerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caroe=Caroe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carthamartha=Carthamartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpalla=Carpalla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnhot=Carnhot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carn_Towan=Carn Towan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnebone=Carnebone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carzise=Carzise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carwynnen=Carwynnen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castallack=Castallack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catchall,_Cornwall=Catchall, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel,_Cornwall=Chapel, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenhalls=Chenhalls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Town,_Cornwall=Chapel Town, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Town,_Cornwall=Church Town, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_Coombe=Church Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chynhale=Chynhale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerkenwater=Clerkenwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyvarloe=Chyvarloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Churchbridge,_Cornwall=Churchbridge, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyanvounder=Chyanvounder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clowance_Wood=Clowance Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldharbour,_Cornwall=Coldharbour, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cockwells=Cockwells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldvreath=Coldvreath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collamoor_Head=Collamoor Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Common_Moor,_Cornwall=Common Moor, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congdon's_Shop=Congdon's Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppathorne=Coppathorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connon=Connon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooksland,_Cornwall=Cooksland, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Northcott=Cold Northcott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copperhouse=Copperhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copthorne,_Cornwall=Copthorne, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coswinsawsin=Coswinsawsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Costislost=Costislost
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cowlands=Cowlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cox_Hill,_Cornwall=Cox Hill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coxpark=Coxpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coxford,_Cornwall=Coxford, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crahan=Crahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crimp,_Cornwall=Crimp, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croanford=Croanford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cripplesease=Cripplesease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crelly=Crelly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croft_Mitchell=Croft Mitchell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crofthandy=Crofthandy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Coombe=Cross Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Hill,_Cornwall=Cross Hill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossgate,_Cornwall=Crossgate, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowntown=Crowntown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow's_Nest,_Cornwall=Crow's Nest, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Currian_Vale=Currian Vale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cusveorth_Coombe=Cusveorth Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curry_Lane=Curry Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crumplehorn=Crumplehorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curgurrell=Curgurrell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutmadoc=Cutmadoc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daw's_House=Daw's House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dannonchapel=Dannonchapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutmere=Cutmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degibna=Degibna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Demelza=Demelza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dimson=Dimson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deveral=Deveral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downgate,_Cornwall=Downgate, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dizzard=Dizzard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drawbridge,_Cornwall=Drawbridge, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunslea=Dunslea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downhill,_Cornwall=Downhill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downinney=Downinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drym=Drym
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunveth=Dunveth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutson=Dutson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastcott,_Cornwall=Eastcott, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edgcumbe,_Cornwall=Edgcumbe, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carloggas=Carloggas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edmonton,_Cornwall=Edmonton, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggbeare=Eggbeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellenglaze=Ellenglaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Engollan=Engollan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enniscaven=Enniscaven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farms_Common=Farms Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_Pits=Fenton Pits
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fentonadle=Fentonadle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fernsplatt=Fernsplatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletchersbridge=Fletchersbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonston=Fonston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forge,_Cornwall=Forge, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forder,_Cornwall=Forder, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frogpool=Frogpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Downs=United Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frogwell=Frogwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_Truckle=Valley Truckle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vellanoweth=Vellanoweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foundry,_Cornwall=Foundry, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventongimps=Ventongimps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venterdon=Venterdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogue,_Cornwall=Vogue, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viscar=Viscar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Cornwall=Victoria, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gam,_Cornwall=Gam, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garker=Garker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gang,_Cornwall=Gang, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert's_Coombe=Gilbert's Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia,_Cornwall=Georgia, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillan,_Cornwall=Gillan, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gloweth=Gloweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garras=Garras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gollawater=Gollawater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goon_Piper=Goon Piper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golberdon=Golberdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonamena=Gonamena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goonhusband=Goonhusband
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goonabarn=Goonabarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goonbell=Goonbell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goonlaze=Goonlaze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goonown=Goonown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goonvrea=Goonvrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothers=Gothers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorran_Churchtown=Gorran Churchtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorran_High_Lanes=Gorran High Lanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gracca=Gracca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grampound_Road=Grampound Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grillis=Grillis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Bottom,_Cornwall=Green Bottom, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwith_Common=Greenwith Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Bosullow=Great Bosullow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimscott=Grimscott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwallon=Gwallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwedna=Gwedna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gummow's_Shop=Gummow's Shop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwenter=Gwenter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwills=Gwills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwinear_Downs=Gwinear Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illand=Illand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Idless=Idless
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illogan_Highway=Illogan Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grumbla=Grumbla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insworke=Insworke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inchs=Inchs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hale_Mills=Hale Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halabezack=Halabezack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallew=Hallew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halgabron=Halgabron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halamanning=Halamanning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halton_Barton=Halton Barton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halsetown=Halsetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallworthy=Hallworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halvosso=Halvosso
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrowbarrow=Harrowbarrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatt,_Cornwall=Hatt, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hay,_Cornwall=Hay, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haye=Haye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellandbridge=Hellandbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helebridge=Helebridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helscott=Helscott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helston_Water=Helston Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendra,_Cornwall=Hendra, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendra_Croft=Hendra Croft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendrabridge=Hendrabridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hendraburnick=Hendraburnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henwood,_Cornwall=Henwood, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hersham,_Cornwall=Hersham, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herniss=Herniss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halwin=Halwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hellesveor=Hellesveor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hewas_Water=Hewas Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hick's_Mill=Hick's Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Street,_Cornwall=High Street, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Bal=Higher Bal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Boscaswell=Higher Boscaswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Cransworth=Higher Cransworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Condurrow=Higher Condurrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Downs=Higher Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Menadew=Higher Menadew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Tolcarne=Higher Tolcarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Porthpean=Higher Porthpean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highercliff=Highercliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highertown=Highertown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Tremarcoombe=Higher Tremarcoombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higher_Town,_Cornwall=Higher Town, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highway,_Cornwall=Highway, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillhead,_Cornwall=Hillhead, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornick,_Cornwall=Hornick, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Cardinham_Castle=Old Cardinham Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Mill,_Cornwall=Old Mill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Park,_Cornwall=Old Park, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horningtops=Horningtops
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kehelland=Kehelland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly,_Cornwall=Kelly, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneggy=Kenneggy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneggy_Downs=Kenneggy Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kents,_Cornwall=Kents, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerley_Downs=Kerley Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kestle=Kestle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerthen_Wood=Kerthen Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kestle_Mill=Kestle Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kersbrook_Cross=Kersbrook Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingbeare=Kingbeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knightor=Knightor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keybridge=Keybridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killivose=Killivose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilhallon=Kilhallon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Killaworgey=Killaworgey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knightsmill,_Cornwall=Knightsmill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuggar=Kuggar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamellion=Lamellion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambourne,_Cornwall=Lambourne, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laity_Moor=Laity Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ladycross=Ladycross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamanva=Lamanva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane,_Cornwall=Lane, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamorick=Lamorick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane-end=Lane-end
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamledra=Lamledra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanjeth=Lanjeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langore=Langore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanjew=Lanjew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larrick=Larrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latchbrook=Latchbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lantuel=Lantuel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latchley=Latchley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launcells_Cross=Launcells Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lelant_Downs=Lelant Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leburnick=Leburnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lavrean=Lavrean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Beside=Little Beside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Levalsa_Meor=Levalsa Meor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lezerea=Lezerea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leedstown=Leedstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bosullow=Little Bosullow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockengate=Lockengate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Comfort=Little Comfort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longstone,_Cornwall=Longstone, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Looe_Mills=Looe Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Amble=Lower Amble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Brynn=Lower Brynn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Bodinnar=Lower Bodinnar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Boscaswell=Lower Boscaswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Croan=Lower Croan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Rose=Lower Rose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Clicker=Lower Clicker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Menadue=Lower Menadue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Woodley=Lower Woodley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Tregantle=Lower Tregantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Porthpean=Lower Porthpean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Mill,_Cornwall=Lower Mill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Trebullett=Lower Trebullett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Woon=Lower Woon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynstone=Lynstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marazanvose=Marazanvose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maders=Maders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Parsley=Manor Parsley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshgate=Marshgate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manhay,_Cornwall=Manhay, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudlin,_Cornwall=Maudlin, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryfield,_Cornwall=Maryfield, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxworthy=Maxworthy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mayon,_Cornwall=Mayon, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medlyn=Medlyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mena,_Cornwall=Mena, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meaver=Meaver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellangoose=Mellangoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menadarva=Menadarva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melinsey=Melinsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menherion=Menherion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menna,_Cornwall=Menna, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merry_Meeting=Merry Meeting
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrymeet=Merrymeet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Town,_Isles_of_Scilly=Middle Town, Isles of Scilly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowertown,_Cornwall=Lowertown, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlehill,_Cornwall=Middlehill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merther_Lane=Merther Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlewood,_Cornwall=Middlewood, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millendreath=Millendreath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milcombe,_Cornwall=Milcombe, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millpool=Millpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milltown,_Cornwall=Milltown, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millook=Millook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mineshope=Mineshope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mingoose=Mingoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mithian_Downs=Mithian Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molinnis=Molinnis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mongleath=Mongleath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monkscross=Monkscross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mornick=Mornick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount,_Cornwall=Mount, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hermon,_Cornwall=Mount Hermon, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mountjoy,_Cornwall=Mountjoy, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pleasant,_Cornwall=Mount Pleasant, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muchlarnick=Muchlarnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulberry,_Cornwall=Mulberry, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulfra=Mulfra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Ambrose=Mount Ambrose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nance,_Cornwall=Nance, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancenoy=Nancenoy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancemellin=Nancemellin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nancegollan=Nancegollan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanquidno=Nanquidno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nantithet=Nantithet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Navarino,_Cornwall=Navarino, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanceddan=Nanceddan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherton,_Cornwall=Netherton, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Downs=New Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtown,_Cornwall=Newtown, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Cornwall=Newton, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Grimsby=New Grimsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtown-in-St_Martin=Newtown-in-St Martin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninnes=Ninnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nine_Maidens_Downs=Nine Maidens Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ninnes_Bridge=Ninnes Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noonvares=Noonvares
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Green,_Cornwall=Norris Green, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Beer=North Beer
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Country,_Cornwall=North Country, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Darley=North Darley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northcott,_Cornwall=Northcott, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parc_Erissey=Parc Erissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Bottom=Park Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmersbridge=Palmersbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantersbridge=Pantersbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paramoor=Paramoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkengear=Parkengear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkfield,_Cornwall=Parkfield, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul's_Green=Paul's Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paynter's_Lane_End=Paynter's Lane End
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pempwell=Pempwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paynter's_Cross=Paynter's Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penare=Penare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pencuke=Pencuke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penbeagle=Penbeagle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pendrift=Pendrift
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pengegon=Pengegon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pengover_Green=Pengover Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penhallick=Penhallick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pengold=Pengold
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penhalurick=Penhalurick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penhallow=Penhallow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penhale_Jakes=Penhale Jakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penhalvean=Penhalvean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penelewey=Penelewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penmayne=Penmayne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennance=Pennance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennytinney=Pennytinney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penpillick=Penpillick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penpoll=Penpoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penpethy=Penpethy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penpont,_Cornwall=Penpont, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penrose_Hill=Penrose Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penponds=Penponds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penstraze=Penstraze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pentire,_Cornwall=Pentire, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penwartha=Penwartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penwartha_Coombe=Penwartha Coombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Percuil=Percuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perran_Downs=Perran Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perrancoombe=Perrancoombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petherwin_Gate=Petherwin Gate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piece,_Cornwall=Piece, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaidy,_Cornwall=Plaidy, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Playing_Place=Playing Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain_Street=Plain Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plusha=Plusha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plushabridge=Plushabridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pipers_Pool=Pipers Pool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plain-an-Gwarry=Plain-an-Gwarry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polborder=Polborder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polgear=Polgear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polmarth=Polmarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polpenwith=Polpenwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polmassick=Polmassick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poniou=Poniou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polpeor=Polpeor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltesco=Poltesco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponjeravah=Ponjeravah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponsongath=Ponsongath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polwheveral=Polwheveral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porteath=Porteath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pont,_Cornwall=Pont, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porth_Kea=Porth Kea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radnor,_Cornwall=Radnor, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porthmeor=Porthmeor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portholland=Portholland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puddle,_Cornwall=Puddle, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raginnis=Raginnis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redtye=Redtye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reen_Manor=Reen Manor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Post=Red Post
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rejerrah=Rejerrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Relubbus=Relubbus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rescassa=Rescassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reskadinnick=Reskadinnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redmoor,_Cornwall=Redmoor, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Resugga_Green=Resugga Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Releath=Releath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retallack=Retallack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rillaton=Rillaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezare=Rezare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rilla_Mill=Rilla Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose,_Cornwall=Rose, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roscroggan=Roscroggan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinsey_Croft=Rinsey Croft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rising_Sun,_Cornwall=Rising Sun, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosecare=Rosecare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosedinnick=Rosedinnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose-an-Grouse=Rose-an-Grouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemelling=Rosemelling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemergy=Rosemergy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosehill,_Cornwall=Rosehill, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosewarne=Rosewarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosevean=Rosevean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosevine=Rosevine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenithon=Rosenithon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenannon=Rosenannon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roskorwell=Roskorwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roskear_Croft=Roskear Croft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruan_High_Lanes=Ruan High Lanes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumford,_Cornwall=Rumford, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruthernbridge=Ruthernbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseworthy,_Cornwall=Roseworthy, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salem,_Cornwall=Salem, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botallack=Botallack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saveock=Saveock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaureaugh_Moor=Seaureaugh Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sellan=Sellan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile_Master=Missile Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearsarge_(ghost_town),_California=Kearsarge (ghost town), California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Park=Brown Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Donnel_River=O'Donnel River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_136_in_Iowa=U.S. Route 136 in Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Torne=River Torne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary_the_Virgin's_Church,_Fawley=St Mary the Virgin's Church, Fawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tranquille_River=Tranquille River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandylake=Sandylake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scarcewater=Scarcewater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharptor=Sharptor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shop,_Cornwall=Shop, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shortacross=Shortacross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seworgan=Seworgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silverwell=Silverwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sithney_Common=Sithney Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutta=Shutta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sithney_Green=Sithney Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skewes=Skewes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Carne=South Carne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pill=South Pill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Wheatley,_Cornwall=South Wheatley, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Tehidy=South Tehidy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southcott,_Cornwall=Southcott, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stepaside,_Cornwall=Stepaside, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stennack=Stennack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stibb=Stibb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoptide=Stoptide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweetshouse=Sweetshouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sweets,_Cornwall=Sweets, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stursdon=Stursdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Erth_Praze=St Erth Praze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ive_Cross=St Ive Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ann's_Chapel,_Cornwall=St Ann's Chapel, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Erney=St Erney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ruan=St Ruan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Lawrence,_Cornwall=St Lawrence, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Stephens_by_Saltash=St Stephens by Saltash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorne,_Cornwall=Thorne, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Town,_Cornwall=The Town, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terras,_Cornwall=Terras, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tencreek=Tencreek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurdon=Thurdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tideford_Cross=Tideford Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Threewaters=Threewaters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilland=Tilland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbrelham=Timbrelham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolborough=Tolborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolcarne=Tolcarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolcarne_Wartha=Tolcarne Wartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toldish=Toldish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolgullow=Tolgullow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Titson=Titson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolskithy=Tolskithy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomperrow=Tomperrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolvaddon_Downs=Tolvaddon Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torfrey=Torfrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towan_Cross=Towan Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tramagenna=Tramagenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treamble=Treamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treath=Treath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebarber=Trebarber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebartha=Trebartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebell_Green=Trebell Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebeath=Trebeath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebilcock,_Cornwall=Trebilcock, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treator=Treator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebarwith=Trebarwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebullett=Trebullett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treburgie=Treburgie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treburgett=Treburgett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treburrick=Treburrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trebyan=Trebyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tredannick=Tredannick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tredethy=Tredethy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tredavoe=Tredavoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tredaule=Tredaule
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregajorran=Tregajorran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treesmill=Treesmill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treforda=Treforda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trefanny_Hill=Trefanny Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trefrize=Trefrize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregada=Tregada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregadgwith=Tregadgwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregamere=Tregamere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregarland=Tregarland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregarlandbridge=Tregarlandbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregarrick_Mill=Tregarrick Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregatta=Tregatta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregarne=Tregarne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregonce=Tregonce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregolls=Tregolls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregear,_Cornwall=Tregear, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregellist=Tregellist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregeseal=Tregeseal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregew=Tregew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregidden=Tregidden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregeare=Tregeare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregonetha=Tregonetha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregoodwell=Tregoodwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregorden=Tregorden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregoose=Tregoose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregonning=Tregonning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregullon=Tregullon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregrehan_Mills=Tregrehan Mills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregreenwell=Tregreenwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregorrick=Tregorrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregoss=Tregoss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trehan=Trehan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tregurtha_Downs=Tregurtha Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trehemborne=Trehemborne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trehunist=Trehunist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trekeivesteps=Trekeivesteps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trekenning=Trekenning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelan=Trelan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelash=Trelash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treleigh=Treleigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelill=Trelill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treliver=Treliver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelion=Trelion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treloquithack=Treloquithack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelowia=Trelowia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trelassick=Trelassick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremail=Tremail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trembraze=Trembraze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremayne,_Cornwall=Tremayne, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremedda=Tremedda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremore=Tremore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremorebridge=Tremorebridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenarren=Trenarren
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremar=Tremar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenay=Trenay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trencreek=Trencreek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenear=Trenear
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenance=Trenance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trendeal=Trendeal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trencrom=Trencrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenerth=Trenerth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trengume=Trengume
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenean=Trenean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treninnick=Treninnick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treningle=Treningle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenhorne=Trenhorne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trequite=Trequite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenoon=Trenoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenwheal=Trenwheal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenoweth=Trenoweth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trerise=Trerise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresamble=Tresamble
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trerose=Trerose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresarrett=Tresarrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresawle=Tresawle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresawson=Tresawson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trescoll=Trescoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresean=Tresean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treskerby=Treskerby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresavean=Tresavean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresevern_Croft=Tresevern Croft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treskinnick_Cross=Treskinnick Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treskillard=Treskillard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trescowe=Trescowe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treskilling=Treskilling
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresowes_Green=Tresowes Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresoweshill=Tresoweshill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresparrett_Posts=Tresparrett Posts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tresparrett=Tresparrett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treswithian=Treswithian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trethellan_Water=Trethellan Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treswithian_Downs=Treswithian Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trethillick=Trethillick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trethosa=Trethosa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trethewey=Trethewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trethowel=Trethowel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trethurgy=Trethurgy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevadlock=Trevadlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevalgan=Trevalgan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevance=Trevance
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevarrack=Trevarrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevanger=Trevanger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevarrian=Trevarrian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevarrick=Trevarrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevarth=Trevarth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treveal=Treveal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevelmond=Trevelmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treveighan=Treveighan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevegean=Trevegean
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevelver=Trevelver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treven=Treven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevemper=Trevemper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevenen=Trevenen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevenen_Bal=Trevenen Bal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevenning=Trevenning
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevigro=Trevigro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevilder=Trevilder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treveor=Treveor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevilla=Trevilla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevine,_Cornwall=Trevine, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevilson=Trevilson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treviscoe=Treviscoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevorrick=Trevorrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevithal=Trevithal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treviskey=Treviskey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevowah=Trevowah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevoll=Trevoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevowhan=Trevowhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewalder=Trewalder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trew,_Cornwall=Trew, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treween=Treween
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewassa=Trewassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewennan=Trewennan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewennack=Trewennack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewetha=Trewetha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewethern=Trewethern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewethen=Trewethen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewey=Trewey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewidland=Trewidland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewindle=Trewindle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewithian=Trewithian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewithick=Trewithick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treworga=Treworga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treworlas=Treworlas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treworld=Treworld
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewornan=Trewornan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewollock=Trewollock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treworthal=Treworthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troan=Troan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trillacott=Trillacott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Treworrick=Treworrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trewoodloe=Trewoodloe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trezelah=Trezelah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trezaise=Trezaise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truscott,_Cornwall=Truscott, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truas=Truas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trussall=Trussall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troswell=Troswell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truthan=Truthan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trythogga=Trythogga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truthwall=Truthwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tubbs_Mill=Tubbs Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turfdown=Turfdown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twelvewoods=Twelvewoods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Burrows=Two Burrows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuelmenna=Tuelmenna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tutwell=Tutwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall,_Cornwall=Wall, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wainhouse_Corner=Wainhouse Corner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watergate,_Cornwall=Watergate, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wearde=Wearde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanson=Wanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Week_Green=Week Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welltown=Welltown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Downs=West Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Curry=West Curry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Taphouse=West Taphouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pentire=West Pentire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheal_Alfred=Wheal Alfred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheal_Baddon=Wheal Baddon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whipsiderry=Whipsiderry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Cross,_Cornwall=White Cross, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tygart_Creek=Tygart Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicks_Building=Wicks Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Water_Mark_of_the_Rebellion_Monument=High Water Mark of the Rebellion Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengde_Airport=Chengde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshavar=Keshavar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ika,_Nigeria=Ika, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Theatre=Garden Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olive_Cumberland_Presbyterian_Church=Mount Olive Cumberland Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Two_Taverns,_Pennsylvania=Two Taverns, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKnightstown,_Pennsylvania=McKnightstown, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salza_(Saale)=Salza (Saale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breney_Common=Breney Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Cardales=Los Cardales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catchfrench=Catchfrench
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponts_Mill=Ponts Mill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawk's_Tor=Hawk's Tor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamuniyeh=Mamuniyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenfu_Township=Chenfu Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loggans_Moor=Loggans Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapman_Glacier_(Palmer_Land)=Chapman Glacier (Palmer Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llandudno_Lifeboat_Station=Llandudno Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keremeos_Centre,_British_Columbia=Keremeos Centre, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chimney_Bay=Chimney Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dragon_Bay=Dragon Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Poile_Bay=La Poile Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mortier_Bay=Mortier Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diable_Bay=Diable Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_de_Loup_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Bay de Loup (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Devil Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rencontre_Bay=Rencontre Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaleur_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Chaleur Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonalds_Island=Bonalds Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shag_Islands=Shag Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Halls Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Hune_Bay=La Hune Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bear_Bay=White Bear Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barasway_Bay=Barasway Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Connoire_Bay=Connoire Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knife_Bay=Knife Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cinq_Cerf_Bay=Cinq Cerf Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garia_Bay=Garia Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Le_Moine=Bay Le Moine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/God_Bay=God Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coney_Bay=Coney Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otter_Bay=Otter Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Little Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isthmus_Bay=Isthmus Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=West Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_East_Cemetery_Hill=Battle of East Cemetery Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woody_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Woody Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Mall Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingornachoix_Bay=Ingornachoix Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Good_Bay=Good Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Well_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Well Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barred_Bay=Barred Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turret_Bay=Turret Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Margaret_Bay=St. Margaret Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ste._Genevieve_Bay=Ste. Genevieve Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Barbe_Bay=St. Barbe Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Sandy Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Norman_Bay=Cape Norman Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacred_Bay=Sacred Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Galets_Bay=Grand Galets Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwest_Bay=Northwest Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Domestic_Science_and_Arts_Building=Girls' Domestic Science and Arts Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg_National_Museum=Gettysburg National Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_Coaster=The Dark Knight Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mein_Bay=St. Mein Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marguerite_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Marguerite Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Rocky Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoal_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Shoal Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deadman's_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Deadman's Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Indian Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockers_Bay=Lockers Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damnable_Bay=Damnable Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Goose Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackhead_Bay=Blackhead Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinhood_Bay=Robinhood Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickle_Bay=Tickle Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witless_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Witless Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hopeall_Bay=Hopeall Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spread_Eagle_Bay=Spread Eagle Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbonear_Bay=Carbonear Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaniard's_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Spaniard's Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_de_Grave=Bay de Grave
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang-e_Sefid,_Borborud-e_Sharqi=Sang-e Sefid, Borborud-e Sharqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collier_Bay=Collier Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Bulls_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Bay Bulls (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mobile_Bay_(Newfoundland_and_Labrador)=Mobile Bay (Newfoundland and Labrador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarah_Khan,_Lorestan=Qarah Khan, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Solo_Spring=Alamo Solo Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_Rock_to_Turbot_Point=Cuckoo Rock to Turbot Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camp_Gettysburg=Camp Gettysburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retire_Common=Retire Common
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Gothian_Sands=St Gothian Sands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerrans_Bay_to_Camels_Cove=Gerrans Bay to Camels Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennack_to_Coverack=Kennack to Coverack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tybesta=Tybesta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watermill_Cove=Watermill Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetbury_railway_station=Tetbury railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Eye_Lake=Sea Eye Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stornoway,_Saskatchewan=Stornoway, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cando,_Saskatchewan=Cando, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Victor,_Saskatchewan=Saint Victor, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Valley,_Saskatchewan=Grand Valley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandra_railway_station=Bandra railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lockwood,_Saskatchewan=Lockwood, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarsky_District=Alarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katepwa_South,_Saskatchewan=Katepwa South, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calbha_Mor=Calbha Mor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazenod,_Saskatchewan=Mazenod, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Park_Stadium=Central Park Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glidden,_Saskatchewan=Glidden, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evesham,_Saskatchewan=Evesham, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferland,_Saskatchewan=Ferland, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colgate,_Saskatchewan=Colgate, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardy,_Saskatchewan=Hardy, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carragana,_Saskatchewan=Carragana, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katepwa_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Katepwa Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenksville,_Pennsylvania=Wenksville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Saskatchewan=Madison, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salvador,_Saskatchewan=Salvador, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson,_Saskatchewan=Lawson, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fishguard_Lifeboat_Station=Fishguard Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leipzig,_Saskatchewan=Leipzig, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horizon,_Saskatchewan=Horizon, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipabiskau,_Saskatchewan=Kipabiskau, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlyle_Lake_Resort,_Saskatchewan=Carlyle Lake Resort, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portreeve,_Saskatchewan=Portreeve, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerberry,_Saskatchewan=Summerberry, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pinnacle=Mount Pinnacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahvali,_Lorestan=Shahvali, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceallasaigh_Beag=Ceallasaigh Beag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_Mountains_(Antarctica)=Allegheny Mountains (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratton,_Saskatchewan=Bratton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Betalock,_Saskatchewan=Betalock, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surbiton,_Saskatchewan=Surbiton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tichfield_Junction,_Saskatchewan=Tichfield Junction, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutbank,_Saskatchewan=Cutbank, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jays,_Saskatchewan=Jays, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horseshoe_Valley_(Antarctica)=Horseshoe Valley (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liberty_Hills_(Antarctica)=Liberty Hills (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirobod=Mirobod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Moors_(St_Mary's)=Lower Moors (St Mary's)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Craven=Middleton, Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granite_Station=Granite Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_Building=Wick Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domino,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Domino, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymsworthy_Meadows=Lymsworthy Meadows
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizhanvand=Bizhanvand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayshore_Boulevard=Bayshore Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warada=Warada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leney,_Saskatchewan=Leney, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darmody,_Saskatchewan=Darmody, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Revenue,_Saskatchewan=Revenue, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward,_Saskatchewan=Forward, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tate,_Saskatchewan=Tate, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richlea,_Saskatchewan=Richlea, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Readlyn,_Saskatchewan=Readlyn, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGee,_Saskatchewan=McGee, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Druid,_Saskatchewan=Druid, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyvan,_Saskatchewan=Tyvan, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,_Ashoka_Road=20, Ashoka Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pel_Hava=Pel Hava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willows,_Saskatchewan=Willows, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cavell,_Saskatchewan=Cavell, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchellton,_Saskatchewan=Mitchellton, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ettington,_Saskatchewan=Ettington, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humboldt_Beach,_Saskatchewan=Humboldt Beach, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldfields,_Saskatchewan=Goldfields, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_Lock_4_Historic_District=Appleton Lock 4 Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_Locks_1-3_Historic_District=Appleton Locks 1-3 Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_State_Monument=Alabama State Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_City,_Texas=Close City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Bay=Golden Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batu_Kawa=Batu Kawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meneage_Coastal_Section=Meneage Coastal Section
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newlyn_Downs=Newlyn Downs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlton,_Camden=Marlton, Camden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinye_Village=Xinye Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FGC_line_S5=FGC line S5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miangaran,_Lorestan=Miangaran, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganjali,_Lorestan=Ganjali, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_County_MRA=Iron County MRA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareh-ye_Mian_Rud-e_Zaruni=Kareh-ye Mian Rud-e Zaruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Rud-e_Zaruni=Mian Rud-e Zaruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasem_Begi=Qasem Begi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasem_Beygi=Qasem Beygi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shurabeh-ye_Vosta=Shurabeh-ye Vosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Memorial_Bridge=Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Horse_Pagoda,_Dunhuang=White Horse Pagoda, Dunhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hurricane_Cliffs=Hurricane Cliffs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chogha_Darmian=Chogha Darmian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guri_Sabz=Guri Sabz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takht_Ab,_Lorestan=Takht Ab, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Abbas=Bon Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuran_Tall=Zuran Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamabad,_Selseleh=Alamabad, Selseleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Eilt=Loch Eilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khowai_Airport=Khowai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont_Airport=Clermont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naservand,_Selseleh=Naservand, Selseleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slawharad=Slawharad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cobra_(ride)=King Cobra (ride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_Mosque=Zagreb Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Cheektowaga,_New_York=South Cheektowaga, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_General_Hospital_of_Nanjing_Military_Command=Nanjing General Hospital of Nanjing Military Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumeshteh=Rumeshteh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuyang,_Fujian=Shuyang, Fujian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lyons_(shipwreck)=Daniel Lyons (shipwreck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movil=Movil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanab_Plateau=Kanab Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_Estates,_Saskatchewan=Crawford Estates, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tertius_(sandbank)=Tertius (sandbank)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlin_Mountain=Atlin Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger_Point_(South_Sandwich_Islands)=Finger Point (South Sandwich Islands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Finger_Point_(Victoria_Land)=Finger Point (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shisheh_Qaleh=Shisheh Qaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parchkuh=Parchkuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keh=Keh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongji_(town)=Dongji (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Freeman_(Graham_Land)=Cape Freeman (Graham Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldeburgh_Lifeboat_Station=Aldeburgh Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KGV_Park=KGV Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slieve_Bawn=Slieve Bawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollygrove,_West_Virginia=Hollygrove, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwold_Lifeboat_Station=Southwold Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gacheh=Gacheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoyah_State_Park=Sequoyah State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumfries_railway_station=Drumfries railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kankinara_railway_station=Kankinara railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markeaton_Interceptor_Storm_Relief_Culvert=Markeaton Interceptor Storm Relief Culvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesar-e_Olya,_Tehran=Hesar-e Olya, Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busra_al-Harir=Busra al-Harir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazraeh-ye_Abdallahabad=Mazraeh-ye Abdallahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoyah_Bay_State_Park=Sequoyah Bay State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dai-minsar_River=Dai-minsar River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daman_Kuh_Rural_District=Daman Kuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alofivai=Alofivai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armudlu,_Iran=Armudlu, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyan_Dasht_Rural_District=Miyan Dasht Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalateh-ye_Hajj_Rahmat=Kalateh-ye Hajj Rahmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhyl_Lifeboat_Station=Rhyl Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razmeghan=Razmeghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg's_Department_Store=Rosenberg's Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldons,_California=Weldons, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcourt_railway_station,_County_Cork=Newcourt railway station, County Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barakuh_Rural_District=Barakuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trengune=Trengune
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinjarra_Power_Station=Pinjarra Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khazan=Khazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusheh-ye_Olya,_South_Khorasan=Gusheh-ye Olya, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug,_Kentucky=Bug, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazlabad,_South_Khorasan=Fazlabad, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fereyduni,_South_Khorasan=Fereyduni, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme,_West_Lindsey=Holme, West Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbour_Glacier_(Victoria_Land)=Harbour Glacier (Victoria Land)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore_(Spotsylvania_County,_Virginia)=Kenmore (Spotsylvania County, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fereydun,_South_Khorasan=Fereydun, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nig,_Iran=Nig, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alaska_Basin=Alaska Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boznabad=Boznabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varezg=Varezg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varazq=Varazq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvosh_Ab,_South_Khorasan=Khvosh Ab, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Coaster=X-Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvoshab,_South_Khorasan=Khvoshab, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads,_Monongalia_County,_West_Virginia=Crossroads, Monongalia County, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nik,_South_Khorasan=Nik, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murutak=Murutak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Woods=Rose Woods
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehizg=Rehizg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohuzg=Rohuzg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molla_Ali_Tappeh=Molla Ali Tappeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malek_Ali_Tappeh=Malek Ali Tappeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imer_Mohammad=Imer Mohammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Brien,_West_Virginia=O'Brien, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutong_Airport=Lutong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bush,_Kentucky=Red Bush, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palcheqli=Palcheqli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater_River_Provincial_Park=Clearwater River Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyuan_Dongji_Airport=Fuyuan Dongji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_and_Holler_Crossing,_Texas=Hoot and Holler Crossing, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Abadak,_Bardaskan=Ali Abadak, Bardaskan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majidabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Majidabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yengi_Qaleh,_Razavi_Khorasan=Yengi Qaleh, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_House_Provincial_Park=Cumberland House Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefid_Sang_Rural_District=Sefid Sang Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senjedak,_Fariman=Senjedak, Fariman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncrest,_West_Virginia=Suncrest, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senjetak,_Fariman=Senjetak, Fariman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owmby,_Lincolnshire=Owmby, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yengeh_Qaleh,_Razavi_Khorasan=Yengeh Qaleh, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz-Carlton,_Georgetown=The Ritz-Carlton, Georgetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meymand,_Razavi_Khorasan=Meymand, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabaleh=Jabaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Grove,_West_Virginia=Holly Grove, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirakuh_Rural_District=Pirakuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianabad,_Jowayin=Mianabad, Jowayin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Es_Canar=Es Canar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkuh_Rural_District=Barkuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hale_(Antarctica)=Mount Hale (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keybar_Rural_District=Keybar Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington_High_School_for_Girls=Kensington High School for Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trenale=Trenale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Launceston_Rural_District=Launceston Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Germans_Rural_District=St Germans Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadebridge_and_Padstow_Rural_District=Wadebridge and Padstow Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liskeard_Rural_District=Liskeard Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrier_Rural_District=Kerrier Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truro_Rural_District=Truro Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Austell_Rural_District=St Austell Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratton_Rural_District=Stratton Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushkak,_Razavi_Khorasan=Kushkak, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshqabad_Rural_District=Eshqabad Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshaqabad_Rural_District=Eshaqabad Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Shisheh=Qaleh Shisheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majdabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Majdabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Gate_Square=East Gate Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calstock_Rural_District=Calstock Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodmin_Rural_District=Bodmin Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Kerrier_Rural_District=East Kerrier Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helston_Rural_District=Helston Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redruth_Rural_District=Redruth Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Columb_Major_Rural_District=St Columb Major Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadebridge_Rural_District=Wadebridge Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stavanger_Drive_Shopping_Area=Stavanger Drive Shopping Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbeh=Sabbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzhou_Railway_Station_(Metro)=Suzhou Railway Station (Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force_Western_Regional_Operations_Building=United States Air Force Western Regional Operations Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pittsburgh_Channel=Pittsburgh Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Oesa=Lake Oesa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dantzig,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Dantzig, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goblin,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Goblin, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirity_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Spirity Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danmark_Church=Danmark Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbasabad,_Torbat-e_Heydarieh=Abbasabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Pain,_Razavi_Khorasan=Deh-e Pain, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coppett,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Coppett, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Current_Island,_Newfoundland=Current Island, Newfoundland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karizan_Rural_District=Karizan Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalateh-ye_Hajji_Rahmat=Kalateh-ye Hajji Rahmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norton_Manor_Camp=Norton Manor Camp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakaria,_Iran=Zakaria, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowness_railway_station=Bowness railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashkak,_Razavi_Khorasan=Kashkak, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seydabad,_Semnan=Seydabad, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damankuh_Rural_District=Damankuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roborough,_Torridge=Roborough, Torridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazraeh-ye_Hasanabadu=Mazraeh-ye Hasanabadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkh_Ab,_Semnan=Talkh Ab, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dummer,_Saskatchewan=Dummer, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Kerr,_Saskatchewan=Glen Kerr, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Log_Valley,_Saskatchewan=Log Valley, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calderbank,_Saskatchewan=Calderbank, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouldtown,_Saskatchewan=Gouldtown, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orland,_Saskatchewan=Orland, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lillestrom,_Saskatchewan=Lillestrom, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazraeh-ye_Abdollahabad=Mazraeh-ye Abdollahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seyyedabad,_Semnan=Seyyedabad, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Store_(Erie,_Pennsylvania)=Boston Store (Erie, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkhab,_Semnan=Talkhab, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RM_Turnchapel=RM Turnchapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haystack,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Haystack, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_Cartier=Maison Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angostura_Dam_(U.S.)=Angostura Dam (U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inspiration_Point=Inspiration Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marblehead_Harbor=Marblehead Harbor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Glacier=Mills Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roachester,_Ohio=Roachester, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overhanging_Cliff=Overhanging Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourmile,_Kentucky=Fourmile, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porthdinllaen_Lifeboat_Station=Porthdinllaen Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North,_Virginia=North, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Palling_Lifeboat_Station=Sea Palling Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Sacred_Heart_(Richmond,_Virginia)=Church of the Sacred Heart (Richmond, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artist_Point=Artist Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Ascog=Loch Ascog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Douglass_House=George Douglass House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Comte=Cala Comte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karezan_Rural_District=Karezan Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Xuclar=Cala Xuclar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Pada=Cala Pada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platja_des_Niu_Blau=Platja des Niu Blau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platja_Es_Canar=Platja Es Canar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alavoneh=Alavoneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarrin=Sarrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agua_Blanca_(Ibiza)=Agua Blanca (Ibiza)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Salada=Cala Salada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platja_Es_Pinet=Platja Es Pinet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayyed_Jaber=Sayyed Jaber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayyed_Yaber=Sayyed Yaber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyuz,_Esmailiyeh=Beyuz, Esmailiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Tarida=Cala Tarida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Caleta=Sa Caleta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ses_Feixes_Wetlands=Ses Feixes Wetlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongxian_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongxian Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_St._George_South=Bay St. George South
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsan_Station=Samsan Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Bassa=Cala Bassa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_State_Route_23=Louisiana State Route 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh_Bar,_Khuzestan=Deh Bar, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Platja_S'Estanyol=Platja S'Estanyol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaraki=Anaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ses_Balandres=Ses Balandres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Hanjiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiban'gou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shiban'gou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cala_Vadella=Cala Vadella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cap_Blanc_(Ibiza)=Cap Blanc (Ibiza)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_Cathedral,_Allahabad=All Saints Cathedral, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_La_Ronge_Provincial_Park=Lac La Ronge Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiftysix,_Arkansas=Fiftysix, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asgog_Loch=Asgog Loch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hureh,_Khuzestan=Hureh, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chahal_Konar=Chahal Konar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Loch=Cam Loch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahbid=Lahbid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashhadi_Mohammad=Mashhadi Mohammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibanpo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shibanpo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albu_Afri=Albu Afri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavmishabad,_Dezful=Gavmishabad, Dezful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehbar,_Khuzestan=Dehbar, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lijiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Lijiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheybar_Rural_District=Kheybar Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbeltown_railway_station=Campbeltown railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_A'_Chaorainn=Loch A' Chaorainn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabz_Ab=Sabz Ab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chal_Shah=Chal Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_West_Virginia=Calhoun, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boneh-ye_Mirza=Boneh-ye Mirza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rez_Gah,_Khuzestan=Rez Gah, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamsabad,_Dezful=Shamsabad, Dezful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafir=Jafir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuka_(mammoth)=Yuka (mammoth)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Logan=Fort Logan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Khvajeh=Kal Khvajeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lah_Bid=Lah Bid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murd,_Izeh=Murd, Izeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrizak,_Izeh=Abrizak, Izeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrizaki,_Izeh=Abrizaki, Izeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezgah,_Khuzestan=Rezgah, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haffar,_Iran=Haffar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookville,_Ocean_County,_New_Jersey=Brookville, Ocean County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaithi=Amaithi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_da_Rocha_Baixinha=Praia da Rocha Baixinha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boneh-ye_Hajji=Boneh-ye Hajji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_People's_Republic_of_Soviets=Ukrainian People's Republic of Soviets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_de_Odeceixe_Mar=Praia de Odeceixe Mar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almindingen=Almindingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_de_Samouqueira=Praia de Samouqueira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_do_Vale_dos_Homens=Praia do Vale dos Homens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_da_Carriagem=Praia da Carriagem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penpont_Water=Penpont Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bovirdeh=Bovirdeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_do_Evaristo=Praia do Evaristo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safra,_Iran=Safra, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_da_Amoreira=Praia da Amoreira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar_Peak_(Canberra)=Gibraltar Peak (Canberra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_da_Arrifana=Praia da Arrifana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masudi,_Khuzestan=Masudi, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_da_Pipa=Praia da Pipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar_Range=Gibraltar Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph_Channel=St. Joseph Channel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_do_Canal=Praia do Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_do_Penedo=Praia do Penedo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_de_Vale_Figueira=Praia de Vale Figueira
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Tamar_Lake=Lower Tamar Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water-Ma-Trout=Water-Ma-Trout
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khovis=Khovis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrak-e_Shoeyb_Nabi=Shahrak-e Shoeyb Nabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab_Garmak-e_Sofla,_Khuzestan=Ab Garmak-e Sofla, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Bara=Grand Bara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zirmalleh=Zirmalleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerpark_(former_borough)=Westerpark (former borough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerpark_(neighborhood)=Westerpark (neighborhood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_Site_85=Lima Site 85
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bu_ol_Fath=Bu ol Fath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahsham-e_Now=Ahsham-e Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehsham-e_Now=Ehsham-e Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Rock,_Kentucky=Goose Rock, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barikan,_Bushehr=Barikan, Bushehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgan_Airport,_Khovd=Bulgan Airport, Khovd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divan,_Iran=Divan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghuyeh=Baghuyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covelli_Arena=Covelli Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Dar,_Bandar_Abbas=Bon Dar, Bandar Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monegros_Desert=Monegros Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Bazan=Shah Bazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohregh=Bohregh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohur_Kalaghi=Kohur Kalaghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood,_Tennessee=Wildwood, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emory_Point=Emory Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiai,_Iran=Kiai, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fork_Junction,_West_Virginia=Fork Junction, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karuch=Karuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sar_Tit_Kan=Sar Tit Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tit_Kan=Tit Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongtong_Station=Yeongtong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karuiyeh=Karuiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudkhaneh_Rural_District=Rudkhaneh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainan_Western_Ring_High-Speed_Railway=Hainan Western Ring High-Speed Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari_Dazan=Kari Dazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Railway_Belt_(British_Columbia)=Railway Belt (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bawden_Rocks=Bawden Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazmabad,_Markazi=Nazmabad, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezamabad,_Markazi=Nezamabad, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_Lake=Mann Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcestershire_Parkway_Regional_Interchange=Worcestershire Parkway Regional Interchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Rudan,_Markazi=Mian Rudan, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Rud,_Markazi=Mian Rud, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forward_Operating_Base_Sharana=Forward Operating Base Sharana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eel_Lake=Eel Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Sefid_Rural_District=Sang Sefid Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraibuna_River_(Minas_Gerais)=Paraibuna River (Minas Gerais)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gheynarjeh=Gheynarjeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Field=Toyota Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handshoe,_Kentucky=Handshoe, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_River_Gorge=James River Gorge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khmelnytskyi_Raion=Khmelnytskyi Raion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarloq,_Markazi=Qarloq, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarluq,_Markazi=Qarluq, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitkaloto_Peak=Mitkaloto Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pishtachev_Peak=Pishtachev Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacho_Kiro_Peak=Bacho Kiro Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechit_Buttress=Mechit Buttress
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranuli_Ice_Piedmont=Ranuli Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debren_Pass=Debren Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgore_Saddle=Podgore Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalmoxis_Peak=Zalmoxis Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nebeska_Peak=Nebeska Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zmeevo_Pass=Zmeevo Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strinava_Glacier=Strinava Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parangalitsa_Peak=Parangalitsa Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orizari_Glacier=Orizari Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monyak_Hill=Monyak Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valoga_Glacier=Valoga Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lardeya_Ice_Piedmont=Lardeya Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikera_Valley=Sikera Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gabare_Glacier=Gabare Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razboyna_Glacier=Razboyna Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divdyadovo_Glacier=Divdyadovo Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponor_Saddle=Ponor Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Point_(Seymour_Island)=Penguin Point (Seymour Island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oksefjorden_(Finnmark)=Oksefjorden (Finnmark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_Presbyterian_Church_(Agincourt)=Knox Presbyterian Church (Agincourt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaughlin_(Martian_crater)=McLaughlin (Martian crater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yengejeh,_Hamadan=Yengejeh, Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadarwar,_Himachal_Pradesh=Bhadarwar, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbeya_Airport=Mbeya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakinada_Port_railway_station=Kakinada Port railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshmeh_Pahn,_Hamadan=Cheshmeh Pahn, Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalilabad=Kalilabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masonic_Hall,_Sheringham=Masonic Hall, Sheringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Holm_of_Skaw=Inner Holm of Skaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad-e_Vaqas=Sad-e Vaqas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schilling_Air_Force_Base=Schilling Air Force Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newhaven_Lifeboat_Station=Newhaven Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voorhees_(CDP),_New_Jersey=Voorhees (CDP), New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugg_railway_station=Brugg railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Square_(Allston)_(MBTA_station)=Union Square (Allston) (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Insurance_Center=Cross Insurance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavalledan=Tavalledan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipurduar_Junction_railway_station=Alipurduar Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_System_radar_stations=Permanent System radar stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inekak=Inekak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Murray_River_(Nymboida)=Little Murray River (Nymboida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest_Motorway_Ring_Road=Bucharest Motorway Ring Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pwllheli_Lifeboat_Station=Pwllheli Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daruiyeh=Daruiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keruiyeh=Keruiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Puerco_(Rio_Chama)=Rio Puerco (Rio Chama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Lake,_Saskatchewan=Montreal Lake, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowtowr-e_Hoseynabad=Mowtowr-e Hoseynabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germania_Club_Building=Germania Club Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalang_River_(New_South_Wales)=Kalang River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banner_Mountain=Banner Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irwin_Barracks=Irwin Barracks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Holmes_(Antarctica)=Mount Holmes (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hayes_(Antarctica)=Mount Hayes (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmestrand_(South_Georgia)=Holmestrand (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_al-Ayn,_Rif_Dimashq_Governorate=Ras al-Ayn, Rif Dimashq Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norddal_Church=Norddal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfield_Shakers_Historic_District_(Connecticut)=Enfield Shakers Historic District (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowtowr-e_Abbasabad=Mowtowr-e Abbasabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Chinatown,_Cleveland=Old Chinatown, Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads,_Summers_County,_West_Virginia=Crossroads, Summers County, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grovers_Cliff=Grovers Cliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cardigan_Lifeboat_Station=Cardigan Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River_(Wollondilly)=Little River (Wollondilly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River_(Wingecarribee)=Little River (Wingecarribee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorbuse=Vorbuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Creek_Mall=Turtle Creek Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoop_and_Holler,_Texas=Hoop and Holler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sar_Chil,_Kerman=Sar Chil, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Coast_Plain=South Coast Plain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Gorgi=Bab Gorgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Gorg=Bab Gorg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Norfolk=Hotel Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Mishan=Bab Mishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahur_Kolagh=Kahur Kolagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khomrutuiyeh=Khomrutuiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugg,_Kentucky=Bugg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lowestoft_Lifeboat_Station=Lowestoft Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolombeh-ye_Zangiabadi,_Kerman=Tolombeh-ye Zangiabadi, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashford_Lake=Ashford Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Maris_Church,_Montevideo=Stella Maris Church, Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cintra_Bay=Cintra Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinguk_River=Pinguk River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_Brook,_Bradbourne=Bentley Brook, Bradbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrell_Canyon_Creek=Morrell Canyon Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitford,_Pennsylvania=Whitford, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At-Taqwa_Mosque=At-Taqwa Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Alamos_Canyon_Creek=Los Alamos Canyon Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_Automatic_Radar_Control=Matador Automatic Radar Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Combat_Center=Super Combat Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Defense_Direction_Center=Air Defense Direction Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lummus_Park,_Miami_Beach=Lummus Park, Miami Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Lake_(Ontario)=Wolf Lake (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knob_Point_(South_Sandwich_Islands)=Knob Point (South Sandwich Islands)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Avenue_Bridge_(Clifton,_Arizona)=Park Avenue Bridge (Clifton, Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lummus_Park,_Miami=Lummus Park, Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tenaja_Canyon_Creek=Tenaja Canyon Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RAF_Aboukir=RAF Aboukir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil_Canyon_Creek=Devil Canyon Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cristianitos_Creek=Cristianitos Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Meese=River Meese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kherwadi=Kherwadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolombeh-ye_Il_Pur=Tolombeh-ye Il Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolombeh-ye_Ilpur=Tolombeh-ye Ilpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoseynabad-e_Do,_Sirjan=Hoseynabad-e Do, Sirjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoseynabad-e_Shomareh-ye_Do=Hoseynabad-e Shomareh-ye Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinseong-Ri_reed_field=Sinseong-Ri reed field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_Mountain=Gothic Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmadabad-e_Baradaran=Ahmadabad-e Baradaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebron-Ben_Nevis_oil_field=Hebron-Ben Nevis oil field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Township,_Johnson_County,_Kansas=Lexington Township, Johnson County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont,_Hunterdon_County,_New_Jersey=Rosemont, Hunterdon County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NORAD_Control_Center=NORAD Control Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malone_Springs=Malone Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Thredbo_River=Little Thredbo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeenaguda=Madeenaguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesar_Direh=Nesar Direh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Daein_Airport=Ed Daein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BioLite=BioLite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaneylan-e_Olya=Zaneylan-e Olya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaneylan-e_Sofla=Zaneylan-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeynalan-e_Sofla=Zeynalan-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeyran_Bolagh=Jeyran Bolagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molla_Zaman=Molla Zaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Crest_(Gladwyne,_Pennsylvania)=Cedar Crest (Gladwyne, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrak-e_Sarab_Nilufar=Shahrak-e Sarab Nilufar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarab-e_Nilufar=Sarab-e Nilufar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend,_London=Southend, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Wind_Airport=Trade Wind Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappeh_Kabud-e_Sofla=Tappeh Kabud-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daeti_Station=Daeti Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javanmiri=Javanmiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barony_of_Arcadia=Barony of Arcadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkins_Tennis_Center=Atkins Tennis Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saadatabad-e_Lishtar=Saadatabad-e Lishtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadatabad-e_Lishtar=Sadatabad-e Lishtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourdough_Inn=Sourdough Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa_Caleta_Coastal_Battery=Sa Caleta Coastal Battery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motunau_Island=Motunau Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagrat_Cor_de_Jesus=Sagrat Cor de Jesus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delisle_Inlet=Delisle Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bertius_Inlet=Bertius Inlet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fork_Church=Fork Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajrud_Rural_District=Jajrud Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesah-ye_Olya=Nesah-ye Olya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hell's_Mouth,_Cornwall=Hell's Mouth, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Lake_(Utah)=Cliff Lake (Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareh_Kareh=Kareh Kareh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sycamore_Creek_(Kings_River)=Sycamore Creek (Kings River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_Cathedral,_Allahabad=St. Joseph's Cathedral, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorkhun,_Kohgiluyeh_and_Boyer-Ahmad=Sorkhun, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Peralta=Casa Peralta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prey_Lang=Prey Lang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_Soviet_Republic=Hungarian Soviet Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeytur,_Zanjan=Qeytur, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeytul,_Zanjan=Qeytul, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hubert_Airport_(Belgium)=Saint-Hubert Airport (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gowjeh_Qia=Gowjeh Qia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armutlu,_Iran=Armutlu, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ij,_Zanjan=Ij, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich,_Zanjan=Ich, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changur=Changur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changuri=Changuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosforth_Central_Park=Gosforth Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Hotel,_Fremantle=Norfolk Hotel, Fremantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Sugar_Museum_(Tainan)=Taiwan Sugar Museum (Tainan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_City_State_Administration=Kiev City State Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eydlu=Eydlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyanlu,_Zanjan=Beyanlu, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chay_Qeshlaqi=Chay Qeshlaqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warm_Springs_Creek_(California)=Warm Springs Creek (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazeau_Bottom=Brazeau Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahan_Khanamlu=Jahan Khanamlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarah_Qasemlu=Qarah Qasemlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilkhchi-ye_Sofla=Ilkhchi-ye Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Broads_Lifeboat_Station=South Broads Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Concordia_Parish,_Louisiana=Ashland, Concordia Parish, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soldiers_and_Sailors_Monument_(Troy,_New_York)=Soldiers and Sailors Monument (Troy, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornish_Killas=Cornish Killas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Watah_ballistic_missile_base=Al-Watah ballistic missile base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Margate_Lifeboat_Station=Margate Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borjelu,_Nir=Borjelu, Nir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitstable_Lifeboat_Station=Whitstable Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Holm=Inner Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tosc_(peak)=Tosc (peak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheerness_Lifeboat_Station=Sheerness Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Airport=Carolina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalhur,_East_Azerbaijan=Kalhur, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarakh_Bolagh,_East_Azerbaijan=Qarakh Bolagh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qamishlu,_East_Azerbaijan=Qamishlu, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agh_Darreh=Agh Darreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pisgah,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Mount Pisgah, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Sulayyil_ballistic_missile_base=Al Sulayyil ballistic missile base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owch_Bolagh,_East_Azerbaijan=Owch Bolagh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachit-e_Kuranlu=Nachit-e Kuranlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachit_Kuranlu=Nachit Kuranlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davah_Yataqi=Davah Yataqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daveh_Yataqi=Daveh Yataqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qomeshlu,_East_Azerbaijan=Qomeshlu, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dover_Lifeboat_Station=Dover Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agh_Bolagh,_Hashtrud=Agh Bolagh, Hashtrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercury_Glacier_(Cook_Mountains)=Mercury Glacier (Cook Mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghbolagh,_Hashtrud=Aghbolagh, Hashtrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharfeh,_East_Azerbaijan=Sharfeh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heydarkanlu=Heydarkanlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owchbolagh,_East_Azerbaijan=Owchbolagh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeshlaq-e_Amir=Qeshlaq-e Amir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gol_Zar,_East_Azerbaijan=Gol Zar, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalhor,_East_Azerbaijan=Kalhor, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karimabad,_Meyaneh=Karimabad, Meyaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayram,_East_Azerbaijan=Bayram, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harwich_Lifeboat_Station=Harwich Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammnad,_East_Azerbaijan=Ammnad, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Creek_(Glen_Fernaigh_River,_Clarence_Valley)=Boundary Creek (Glen Fernaigh River, Clarence Valley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Creek_(Nymboida_River,_Clarence_Valley)=Boundary Creek (Nymboida River, Clarence Valley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aq_Dash,_East_Azerbaijan=Aq Dash, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golzar,_East_Azerbaijan=Golzar, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandlers_Creek=Chandlers Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marselisborg_Forests=Marselisborg Forests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Grand_Champ_Bottom=Le Grand Champ Bottom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashaghol=Dashaghol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dash_Aghol=Dash Aghol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangka_Island_(North_Sulawesi)=Bangka Island (North Sulawesi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton_and_Frinton_Lifeboat_Station=Walton and Frinton Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghdarreh=Aghdarreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Juqeh=Qaleh Juqeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Jugheh=Qaleh Jugheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedai,_West_Azerbaijan=Gedai, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolik,_West_Azerbaijan=Kolik, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Magnus_Bay=St Magnus Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geday,_West_Azerbaijan=Geday, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalik,_West_Azerbaijan=Kalik, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Party_Creek=Cedar Party Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Samur=Qaleh Samur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnham_Hospital=Farnham Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guli,_West_Azerbaijan=Guli, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goli,_West_Azerbaijan=Goli, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pages_Creek=Pages Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziveh,_Silvaneh=Ziveh, Silvaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunstanton_Lifeboat_Station=Hunstanton Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tir_Kan,_Mazandaran=Tir Kan, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skegness_Lifeboat_Station=Skegness Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirkan,_Mazandaran=Tirkan, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulad_Kuh=Pulad Kuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Sugar_Museum_(Kaohsiung)=Taiwan Sugar Museum (Kaohsiung)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVK_Nagar,_Chennai=TVK Nagar, Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Riverside_Park=One Riverside Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzorak=Dzorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshkevar_Rural_District=Eshkevar Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bala_Deh,_Mazandaran=Bala Deh, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_River=Laurel River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firebase_Wilderness=Firebase Wilderness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Main_Operating_Base_Price=Main Operating Base Price
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiran=Chiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordal_Church=Nordal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_da_Coelha=Praia da Coelha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parch_Kuh=Parch Kuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziaz=Ziaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pir_Kuh_Rural_District=Pir Kuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dawson_(Antarctica)=Mount Dawson (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_dos_Arrifes=Praia dos Arrifes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_aux_Vases_(stream),_Missouri=River aux Vases (stream), Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_do_Castelo=Praia do Castelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cervellati_Glacier=Cervellati Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramorino_Glacier=Ramorino Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Diocese_of_Castello=Roman Catholic Diocese of Castello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinkley_Glacier=Hinkley Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapol_Glacier=Zapol Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulaczyk_Glacier=Tulaczyk Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairns_Glacier=Cairns Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbet_Peak=Corbet Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoening_Peak=Schoening Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinch_Peak=Clinch Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marts_Peak=Marts Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollister_Peak_(Antarctica)=Hollister Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wahlstrom_Peak=Wahlstrom Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowers_Glacier=Sowers Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Della_Pia_Glacier=Della Pia Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanchez_Peak=Sanchez Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branscomb_Peak=Branscomb Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knutzen_Peak=Knutzen Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Ledge=Taylor Ledge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boyce_Ridge=Boyce Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Hudson_Yards=30 Hudson Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silkeborg_Forests=Silkeborg Forests
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokerbin_Rock=Kokerbin Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Methodist_Sanitorium=National Methodist Sanitorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quri_Chay_Rural_District=Quri Chay Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarab-e_Hajji_Pamoq=Sarab-e Hajji Pamoq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chehel_Cheshmeh_Rural_District=Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huerfano_Butte_(Arizona)=Huerfano Butte (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bid_Darreh=Bid Darreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjeh_Ali_Rural_District=Panjeh Ali Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_Springs_sanatoria=Colorado Springs sanatoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chah-e_Bar=Chah-e Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Moradi=Ali Moradi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar_railway_station=Bidar railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denman_Prospect,_Australian_Capital_Territory=Denman Prospect, Australian Capital Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Creek_(Blacktown,_New_South_Wales)=Bells Creek (Blacktown, New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tallgrass_Prairie_bison_herd=Tallgrass Prairie bison herd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gribskov=Gribskov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yalmy_River=Yalmy River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Yalmy_River=Little Yalmy River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golestan-e_Khomeyni=Golestan-e Khomeyni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudasht_Rural_District=Rudasht Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barzabad,_Isfahan=Barzabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagyna=Lagyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Baltimore,_Baltimore=South Baltimore, Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varzaq_Rural_District=Varzaq Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Abbs_Lifeboat_Station=St Abbs Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzabad,_Isfahan=Borzabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golestan-e_Emam_Khomeyni=Golestan-e Emam Khomeyni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cann_River_East_Branch=Cann River East Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent's_Park_(Camden_ward)=Regent's Park (Camden ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highgate_(Camden_ward)=Highgate (Camden ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilburn_(Camden_ward)=Kilburn (Camden ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goolengook_River=Goolengook River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Goolengook_River=Little Goolengook River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arte_River=Arte River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Hospital=Newcastle Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Arte_River=Little Arte River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKenzie_River_(Victoria)=McKenzie River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salwah=Salwah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurung_Hill=Gurung Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland_Lakes_Coastal_Park=Gippsland Lakes Coastal Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeka=Yeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izadkhvast_Rural_District=Izadkhvast Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortigas_Interchange=Ortigas Interchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dargo_River=Little Dargo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker,_Iran=Baker, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostan,_Fars=Bostan, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bergison_Peak=Bergison Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karasura_Glacier=Karasura Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patmos_Peak=Patmos Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wild_Knoll=Wild Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fisek=Mount Fisek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Klayn=Mount Klayn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ichev_Nunatak=Ichev Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ereta_Peak=Ereta Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arsela_Peak=Arsela Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stikal_Peak=Stikal Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peristera_Peak=Peristera Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modren_Peak=Modren Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilbert_Spur=Gilbert Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hodges_Knoll=Hodges Knoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klenova_Peak=Klenova Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batil_Spur=Batil Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versinikia_Peak=Versinikia Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Progled_Saddle=Progled Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enitsa_Peak=Enitsa Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goloe_Pass=Goloe Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delyo_Glacier=Delyo Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burdenis_Glacier=Burdenis Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gerila_Glacier=Gerila Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fonfon_Glacier=Fonfon Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsa_Glacier=Marsa Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padala_Glacier=Padala Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malasar_Peak=Malasar Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duridanov_Peak=Duridanov Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nikola_Peak=Nikola Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hleven=Mount Hleven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhenda_Glacier=Zhenda Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vidul_Glacier=Vidul Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blenika_Peak=Blenika Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skaklya_Glacier=Skaklya Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Pass=Robinson Pass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabazios_Glacier=Sabazios Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anchialus_Glacier=Anchialus Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skamni_Saddle=Skamni Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sostra_Heights=Sostra Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vit_Ice_Piedmont=Vit Ice Piedmont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kipra_Gap=Kipra Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromshin_Heights=Gromshin Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamen_Glacier=Yamen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vicha_Glacier=Vicha Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branishte_Peak=Branishte Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrusha_Nunatak=Ostrusha Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Foros_Spur=Foros Spur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohot_Nunatak=Bohot Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastrogor_Peak=Pastrogor Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hariton_Peak=Hariton Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nell_Peak=Nell Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valchan_Peak=Valchan Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strahil_Peak=Strahil Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahrida_Peak=Ahrida Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravulya_Nunatak=Ravulya Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brocks_Peak=Brocks Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silyanov_Peak=Silyanov Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Memolli_Nunatak=Memolli Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kovil_Nunatak=Kovil Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mursalitsa_Peak=Mursalitsa Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skafida_Peak=Skafida Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beadnos_Nunatak=Beadnos Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arzos_Peak=Arzos Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdak,_Jahrom=Murdak, Jahrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaplin_Peak=Chaplin Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakur,_Iran=Bakur, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamaraj,_Iran=Kamaraj, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asadabad,_Kazerun=Asadabad, Kazerun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abshur,_Fars=Abshur, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Victorian_Eye_and_Ear_Hospital=Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbad,_Fars=Abbad, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazireh=Vazireh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_Town_Hall=Hobart Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehnow-e_Moqimi=Dehnow-e Moqimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Peak_(Arizona)=Lime Peak (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leikanger_Church=Leikanger Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suyeong_Station_(Busan_Metro)=Suyeong Station (Busan Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deokcheon_Station=Deokcheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karegi=Karegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudi,_Sistan_and_Baluchestan=Rudi, Sistan and Baluchestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gholammohammad_Bazar=Gholammohammad Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohrab_Bazar=Mohrab Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gholam_Mohammad_Bazar=Gholam Mohammad Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehrab_Bazar=Mehrab Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Ali_Ahmad-e_Lek_Zahi=Deh-e Ali Ahmad-e Lek Zahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Ali_Ahmad-e_Lek_Zayi=Deh-e Ali Ahmad-e Lek Zayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amir,_Sistan_and_Baluchestan=Amir, Sistan and Baluchestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamkhan=Kamkhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Khan=Kam Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kondel,_Sistan_and_Baluchestan=Kondel, Sistan and Baluchestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Kandal=Deh-e Kandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy,_Iran=Rudy, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Morady=Ali Morady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayling_Island_Lifeboat_Station=Hayling Island Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Warren_(Antarctica)=Mount Warren (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth_Lifeboat_Station=Portsmouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Mohammad,_Iran=Jan Mohammad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golfview,_Florida=Golfview, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkly_River_(Victoria)=Barkly River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Blue_Lake=Little Blue Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancang_Airport=Lancang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glatved_Beach=Glatved Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selsey_Lifeboat_Station=Selsey Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Littlehampton_Lifeboat_Station=Littlehampton Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bembridge_Lifeboat_Station=Bembridge Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehali,_Madhya_Pradesh=Rehali, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehali,_Maharashtra=Rehali, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmouth_Lifeboat_Station=Yarmouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryde_Lifeboat_Station=Ryde Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freshwater_Bay_Independent_Lifeboat_Station=Freshwater Bay Independent Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandown_and_Shanklin_Independent_Lifeboat_Station=Sandown and Shanklin Independent Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoreham_Harbour_Lifeboat_Station=Shoreham Harbour Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautanwa,_Bihar=Nautanwa, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Happisburgh_Lifeboat_Station=Happisburgh Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilaiya_Junction_railway_station=Tilaiya Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Davids_Lifeboat_Station=St Davids Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Tower_(Boston,_Massachusetts)=Millennium Tower (Boston, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastbourne_Lifeboat_Station=Eastbourne Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdeen_Lifeboat_Station=Aberdeen Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomhicken_Creek=Tomhicken Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molai_forest=Molai forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calshot_Lifeboat_Station=Calshot Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brighton_Lifeboat_Station=Brighton Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa'ad_ad-Din_Islands=Sa'ad ad-Din Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoe_Creek_(British_Columbia)=Canoe Creek (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoe_Creek_Indian_Reserve_No._2=Canoe Creek Indian Reserve No. 2
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canoe_Creek_Indian_Reserve_No._3=Canoe Creek Indian Reserve No. 3
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dog_Creek_(Fraser_River)=Dog Creek (Fraser River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shutty_Bench,_British_Columbia=Shutty Bench, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid_Memorial_Church=Reid Memorial Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Salmon_Creek=King Salmon Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liard_Country=Liard Country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cecil_Lake_(Peace_River_Country)=Cecil Lake (Peace River Country)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon,_Cornwall=Langdon, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornice_Peak_(Selkirk_Mountains)=Cornice Peak (Selkirk Mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsaydaychuz_Peak=Tsaydaychuz Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterhen_Indian_Reserve_No._130=Waterhen Indian Reserve No. 130
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caleta_Zorra=Caleta Zorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salmon_House_Falls=Salmon House Falls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takia_River=Takia River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Beirut=Greater Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bijoy_sagar=Bijoy sagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Major_Hart_River=Major Hart River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dall_River=Dall River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasat_Atik_Ali_Pasha_Mosque=Vasat Atik Ali Pasha Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Machine_(ride)=Scream Machine (ride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Peak_(Antarctica)=Thompson Peak (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thor_Island_(Antarctica)=Thor Island (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlabs_Imagica_Deep_Space=Adlabs Imagica Deep Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivaji_Park=Sivaji Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eyemouth_Lifeboat_Station=Eyemouth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_Run_(Green_Creek)=Mud Run (Green Creek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camboon,_Queensland=Camboon, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambroon,_Queensland=Cambroon, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pic_de_Ger=Pic de Ger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/14th_New_Jersey_Volunteer_Infantry_monument=14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Dry_Creek_(Westminster,_Colorado)=Big Dry Creek (Westminster, Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_and_Broad_Haven_Lifeboat_Station=Little and Broad Haven Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castac_Lake=Castac Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imamganj=Imamganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_River_(Victoria)=Crawford River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Quays_Shopping_Centre=Surrey Quays Shopping Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamilacan=Pamilacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/J.T._Cheeseman_Provincial_Park=J.T. Cheeseman Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchman's_Cove_Provincial_Park=Frenchman's Cove Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Manche_Provincial_Park=La Manche Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Copper_Basin_(Nevada)=Copper Basin (Nevada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanguingui_Island_(Iloilo)=Tanguingui Island (Iloilo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_Cove,_Bonne_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Joseph's Cove, Bonne Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_du_Nord,_Fortune_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bay du Nord, Fortune Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_du_Nord,_Hermitage_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Bay du Nord, Hermitage Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Island,_South_Coast,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Deer Island, South Coast, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Buggery_(Wangaratta,_Victoria)=Mount Buggery (Wangaratta, Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesher_Israel_Congregation_(Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania)=Kesher Israel Congregation (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorma_Village=Dorma Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fischells,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Fischells, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Femme,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Femme, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spirit_Creek=Spirit Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Molinos,_Chile=Los Molinos, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petros_(Chornohora)=Petros (Chornohora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crkvenica=Crkvenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_City_Hall=Hobart City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Maine=Lincoln, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pinacle=Mount Pinacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cox_House=Samuel Cox House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Polley=Mount Polley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Bird=Crazy Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downton_Creek_(Chilcotin_Plateau)=Downton Creek (Chilcotin Plateau)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Peak_(Washington)=Black Peak (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurkura=Kurkura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sur_del_Lago_de_Maracaibo=Sur del Lago de Maracaibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carry_the_Kettle_Nakoda_First_Nation=Carry the Kettle Nakoda First Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Praia_da_Oura=Praia da Oura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocks,_Cornwall=Cocks, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Viaduct=Avon Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buna,_Kenya=Buna, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshunt_House=Cheshunt House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopay_Army_Base=Kopay Army Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naval_Base_Simon's_Town=Naval Base Simon's Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatowns_in_Queens=Chinatowns in Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Booth_Memorial_Training_College_(Wellington)=William Booth Memorial Training College (Wellington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoixia=Anoixia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Quay_Lifeboat_Station=New Quay Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rubicon_River=Little Rubicon River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ansgar's_Church=St. Ansgar's Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campaspe_River=Campaspe River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Agnes_Lifeboat_Station=St Agnes Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Coliban_River=Little Coliban River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberystwyth_Lifeboat_Station=Aberystwyth Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Qiniyye=Ein Qiniyye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberdovey_Lifeboat_Station=Aberdovey Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasan=Lasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanning_Railway_Station=Nanning Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaheru=Chaheru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jernhatten=Jernhatten
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhogarh_Fort,_Haryana=Madhogarh Fort, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tremblant=Lake Tremblant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramiden_Museum=Pyramiden Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour_Building=Balfour Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Bells_Halt_railway_station=Six Bells Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_High_School_(historic)=Sisters High School (historic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkenside,_Scottish_Borders=Birkenside, Scottish Borders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournville_(Mon)_Halt_railway_station=Bournville (Mon) Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_East_Linton,_East_Lothian=Preston, East Linton, East Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkes_Creek=Burkes Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burra_Creek_(Gundagai)=Burra Creek (Gundagai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burra_Creek_(Palerang)=Burra Creek (Palerang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooma_Creek=Cooma Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooma_Back_Creek=Cooma Back Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindister,_South_Mainland=Brindister, South Mainland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Engine_Collection=The Engine Collection
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nama_Karoo=Nama Karoo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawnie_Range=Fawnie Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fawnie_Nose=Fawnie Nose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nechako_Range=Nechako Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_River_(British_Columbia)=Nation River (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_Mountain=Nation Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nation_Peak=Nation Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiya_(archaeological_site)=Tiya (archaeological site)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heugh_lighthouse=Heugh lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevillet=Trevillet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arthur_Seat_(Canada)=Arthur Seat (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slangerup_Church=Slangerup Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keatley_Creek=Keatley Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Calero=Lake Calero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glen_Fraser=Glen Fraser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kigamboni_Naval_Base=Kigamboni Naval Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodday,_Loch_Maddy=Flodday, Loch Maddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemlock_Run=Hemlock Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Mercer_County,_New_Jersey=Centerville, Mercer County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millstone,_Mercer_County,_New_Jersey=Millstone, Mercer County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keglevich_Palace=Keglevich Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont,_Mercer_County,_New_Jersey=Rosemont, Mercer County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_City,_Amador_County,_California=Butte City, Amador County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Hunterdon_County,_New_Jersey=Centerville, Hunterdon County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillcrest,_Trenton,_New_Jersey=Hillcrest, Trenton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gun_Creek_(British_Columbia)=Gun Creek (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haylmore=Haylmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camborne_Urban_District=Camborne Urban District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookville,_Hunterdon_County,_New_Jersey=Brookville, Hunterdon County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushetunk,_New_Jersey=Cushetunk, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatuniye_Medresseh_(Tokat)=Hatuniye Medresseh (Tokat)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madron_Urban_District=Madron Urban District
