http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andorra=Andorra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akkadian_Empire=Akkadian Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abadan,_Iran=Abadan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin,_Texas=Austin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalen=Aalen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin=Benin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Tower_(Hong_Kong)=Bank of China Tower (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basel=Basel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cocos_(Keeling)_Islands=Cocos (Keeling) Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Falls,_Iowa=Cedar Falls, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commonwealth_of_England=Commonwealth of England
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominican_Republic=Dominican Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ecuador=Ecuador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Equatorial_Guinea=Equatorial Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Empire_State_Building=Empire State Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elba=Elba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fortaleza=Fortaleza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Isle=Fair Isle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guinea-Bissau=Guinea-Bissau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghent=Ghent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galicia_(Spain)=Galicia (Spain)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilter=Hilter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawaii=Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield,_Hertfordshire=Hatfield, Hertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiribati=Kiribati
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Libya=Libya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Nebraska=Lincoln, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Altos,_California=Los Altos, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malawi=Malawi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritius=Mauritius
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Netherlands=Netherlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuremberg=Nuremberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nigeria=Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parthenon=Parthenon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pastaza_River=Pastaza River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qing_dynasty=Qing dynasty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Empire=Roman Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Republic=Roman Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovakia=Slovakia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marino=San Marino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slovenia=Slovenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_New_Brunswick=Saint John, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srebrenica=Srebrenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serbia=Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirana=Tirana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ucayali_River=Ucayali River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vatican_City=Vatican City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansund=Kristiansund
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beirut=Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shravanabelagola=Shravanabelagola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delhi=Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granada=Granada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brittany=Brittany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Dearborn=Fort Dearborn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monterrey=Monterrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_County,_California=Orange County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanar=Manzanar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyongyang=Pyongyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hereford=Hereford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celje=Celje
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annesley_Hall=Annesley Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prabuty=Prabuty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elbe=Elbe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Severn=River Severn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbuda=Barbuda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_New_York=Washington County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Delhi=New Delhi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeeland=Zeeland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addis_Ababa=Addis Ababa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(county)=West Midlands (county)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gettysburg,_Pennsylvania=Gettysburg, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollywood=Hollywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton,_Michigan=Houghton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_County,_New_York=Warren County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Brabant=North Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Bank_of_the_United_States=Second Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/First_Bank_of_the_United_States=First Bank of the United States
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basseterre=Basseterre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colombo=Colombo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Territory=Indian Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_County,_Illinois=Clinton County, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basra=Basra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_West_Virginia=Charleston, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baalbek=Baalbek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swindon=Swindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairfield,_Ohio=Fairfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charleston,_South_Carolina=Charleston, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Baudouin_Stadium=King Baudouin Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sable_Island=Sable Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountains_(New_South_Wales)=Blue Mountains (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bled=Bled
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Province=Taiwan Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tychy=Tychy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bideford=Bideford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubin=Lubin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Democratic_Republic_of_the_Congo=Democratic Republic of the Congo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_County,_California=Alpine County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_County,_California=Los Angeles County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannes=Cannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loire_Valley=Loire Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton,_New_Jersey=Princeton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia,_Pennsylvania=Columbia, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodleian_Library=Bodleian Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folkestone=Folkestone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/America,_Limburg=America, Limburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brok=Brok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petersburg,_Virginia=Petersburg, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Virginia=Franklin, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_County,_Texas=King County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erath_County,_Texas=Erath County, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford_County,_Tennessee=Rutherford County, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_County,_Tennessee=Franklin County, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzerne_County,_Pennsylvania=Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caen=Caen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London_Line=East London Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/County_Roscommon=County Roscommon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer_County,_Nebraska=Thayer County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley_County,_Nebraska=Valley County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrill_County,_Nebraska=Morrill County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_County,_Nebraska=Johnson County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson_County,_Nebraska=Dawson County, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beddington=Beddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford=Brentford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crofton_Park=Crofton Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hornsey=Hornsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newington,_London=Newington, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perivale=Perivale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_Newington=Stoke Newington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wandsworth=Wandsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laclede_County,_Missouri=Laclede County, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Missouri=Jackson County, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Mississippi=Jackson County, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_County,_Minnesota=Cook County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolcraft_County,_Michigan=Schoolcraft County, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaistow,_Newham=Plaistow, Newham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes,_Hillingdon=Hayes, Hillingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debden,_Uttlesford=Debden, Uttlesford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_County,_Kentucky=Union County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crittenden_County,_Kentucky=Crittenden County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler_County,_Kentucky=Butler County, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_County,_Kansas=Wilson County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyandotte_County,_Kansas=Wyandotte County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward_County,_Kansas=Seward County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa_County,_Kansas=Ottawa County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan_County,_Kansas=Logan County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn_County,_Kansas=Linn County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane_County,_Kansas=Lane County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyon_County,_Kansas=Lyon County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa_County,_Kansas=Kiowa County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeley_County,_Kansas=Greeley County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton_County,_Kansas=Hamilton County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_County,_Kansas=Douglas County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffey_County,_Kansas=Coffey County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee_County,_Kansas=Cherokee County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase_County,_Kansas=Chase County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Town=Camden Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock_County,_Iowa=Hancock County, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_County,_Indiana=Jasper County, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_Illinois=Washington County, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_County,_Illinois=Henry County, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teton_County,_Idaho=Teton County, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenai_County,_Idaho=Kootenai County, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestinian_territories=Palestinian territories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_Georgia=Washington County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screven_County,_Georgia=Screven County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman_County,_Georgia=Quitman County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oglethorpe_County,_Georgia=Oglethorpe County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_County,_Georgia=Madison County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson_County,_Georgia=Jefferson County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper_County,_Georgia=Jasper County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_County,_Georgia=Jackson County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeff_Davis_County,_Georgia=Jeff Davis County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houston_County,_Georgia=Houston County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harris_County,_Georgia=Harris County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haralson_County,_Georgia=Haralson County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon_County,_Georgia=Gordon County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur_County,_Georgia=Decatur County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_County,_Georgia=Douglas County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_County,_Georgia=Crawford County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_County,_Georgia=Baldwin County, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitkin_County,_Colorado=Pitkin County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma_County,_Colorado=Montezuma County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Animas_County,_Colorado=Las Animas County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson_County,_Colorado=Kit Carson County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa_County,_Colorado=Kiowa County, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_County,_Arkansas=Washington County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis_County,_Arkansas=St. Francis County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searcy_County,_Arkansas=Searcy County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion_County,_Arkansas=Marion County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_County,_Arkansas=Lincoln County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_County,_Arkansas=Johnson County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_County,_Arkansas=Madison County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hot_Spring_County,_Arkansas=Hot Spring County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garland_County,_Arkansas=Garland County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin_County,_Arkansas=Franklin County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton_County,_Arkansas=Fulton County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_County,_Arkansas=Conway County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley_County,_Arkansas=Bradley County, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Parish,_Louisiana=Washington Parish, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaquemines_Parish,_Louisiana=Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_David's_Cathedral=St David's Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Bridge=London Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Cocalico_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=East Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Drumore_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=East Drumore Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumore_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Drumore Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lampeter_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=East Lampeter Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiraspol=Tiraspol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunenburg,_Nova_Scotia=Lunenburg, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Mountains_National_Park=Blue Mountains National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestonsburg,_Kentucky=Prestonsburg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walls_of_Jerusalem_National_Park=Walls of Jerusalem National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_National_Park=Alfred National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Lakes_National_Park=The Lakes National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Islands_National_Park=Hope Islands National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Alabama=Butler, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Alabama=Jackson, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee,_Alabama=Cherokee, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview,_Alabama=Lakeview, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brewton,_Alabama=Brewton, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attalla,_Alabama=Attalla, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay,_Alabama=Clay, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Alabama=Marion, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_View,_Alabama=Lake View, Alabama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napakiak,_Alaska=Napakiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Napaskiak,_Alaska=Napaskiak, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farm_Loop,_Alaska=Farm Loop, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna,_Alaska=Susitna, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanaina,_Alaska=Tanaina, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna_North,_Alaska=Susitna North, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangell,_Alaska=Wrangell, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanana,_Alaska=Tanana, Alaska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santan,_Arizona=Santan, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacaton,_Arizona=Sacaton, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakeview,_Arkansas=Lakeview, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Flock,_Arkansas=Little Flock, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Arkansas=Omaha, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berryville,_Arkansas=Berryville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Francis,_Arkansas=St. Francis, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunset,_Arkansas=Sunset, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Arkansas=Marion, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Buren,_Arkansas=Van Buren, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Arkansas=Fulton, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Arkansas=Washington, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nashville,_Arkansas=Nashville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Arkansas=Franklin, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Hall,_Arkansas=White Hall, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley,_Arkansas=Bradley, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garland,_Arkansas=Garland, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perryville,_Arkansas=Perryville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_View,_Arkansas=Lake View, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Arkansas=Jacksonville, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryant,_Arkansas=Bryant, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fifty-Six,_Arkansas=Fifty-Six, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Arkansas=Madison, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson,_Arkansas=Johnson, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Arkansas=Lincoln, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Searcy,_Arkansas=Searcy, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunol,_California=Sunol, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine_Village,_California=Alpine Village, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chico,_California=Chico, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_Point,_California=Bay Point, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldon,_California=Waldon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Cove,_California=Orange Cove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Joaquin,_California=San Joaquin, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lake,_California=Blue Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cutten,_California=Cutten, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcata,_California=Arcata, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eureka,_California=Eureka, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldon,_California=Weldon, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Garden,_California=Home Garden, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcadia,_California=Arcadia, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut,_California=Walnut, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Forest,_California=Lake Forest, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rancho_Santa_Margarita,_California=Rancho Santa Margarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange,_California=Orange, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crescent_Mills,_California=Crescent Mills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Home_Gardens,_California=Home Gardens, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Grove,_California=Walnut Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chino,_California=Chino, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Gardens,_California=Winter Gardens, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Hills,_California=Lexington Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunol-Midtown,_California=Sunol-Midtown, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara,_California=Santa Clara, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotts_Valley,_California=Scotts Valley, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soquel,_California=Soquel, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yreka,_California=Yreka, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monte_Rio,_California=Monte Rio, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonoma,_California=Sonoma, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuba_City,_California=Yuba City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinese_Camp,_California=Chinese Camp, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Monte,_California=Mira Monte, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodland,_California=Woodland, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Animas,_Colorado=Las Animas, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisville,_Colorado=Louisville, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kit_Carson,_Colorado=Kit Carson, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa,_Colorado=Kiowa, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pitkin,_Colorado=Pitkin, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolores,_Colorado=Dolores, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montezuma,_Colorado=Montezuma, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainville,_Connecticut=Plainville, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stafford,_Connecticut=Stafford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plainfield,_Connecticut=Plainfield, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hiland_Park,_Florida=Hiland Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panama_City,_Florida=Panama City, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Shores,_Florida=Palm Shores, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coconut_Creek,_Florida=Coconut Creek, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golden_Heights=Golden Heights
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Lake,_Florida=Cypress Lake, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee,_Florida=Lee, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jupiter_Island,_Florida=Jupiter Island, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewall's_Point,_Florida=Sewall's Point, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bal_Harbour,_Florida=Bal Harbour, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Beach,_Florida=Miami Beach, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belle_Isle,_Florida=Belle Isle, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cypress_Lakes,_Florida=Cypress Lakes, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palm_Beach_Shores,_Florida=Palm Beach Shores, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_Shores,_Florida=Indian Shores, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland_Park,_Florida=Highland Park, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_Georgia=Newton, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin,_Georgia=Baldwin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White,_Georgia=White, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_Georgia=Macon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Georgia=Jackson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgan,_Georgia=Morgan, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski,_Georgia=Pulaski, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Georgia=Douglas, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haralson,_Georgia=Haralson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_City,_Georgia=Peachtree City, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitchell,_Georgia=Mitchell, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_Georgia=Calhoun, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Georgia=Franklin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Georgia=Jefferson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson,_Georgia=Nicholson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartow,_Georgia=Bartow, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oglethorpe,_Georgia=Oglethorpe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colquitt,_Georgia=Colquitt, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forsyth,_Georgia=Forsyth, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Georgia=Madison, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford,_Georgia=Crawford, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Georgia=Jasper, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumpkin,_Georgia=Lumpkin, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Georgia=Dawson, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Georgia=Monroe, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Screven,_Georgia=Screven, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gordon,_Georgia=Gordon, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Georgia=Washington, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kootenai,_Idaho=Kootenai, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandpoint,_Idaho=Sandpoint, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teton,_Idaho=Teton, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezperce,_Idaho=Nezperce, Idaho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Illinois=Marshall, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckemeyer,_Illinois=Beckemeyer, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palatine,_Illinois=Palatine, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palestine,_Illinois=Palestine, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Illinois=Clinton, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genoa,_Illinois=Genoa, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakbrook_Terrace,_Illinois=Oakbrook Terrace, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason,_Illinois=Mason, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Illinois=Hamilton, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_River,_Illinois=Apple River, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Illinois=Montgomery, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oreana,_Illinois=Oreana, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry,_Illinois=Henry, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenona,_Illinois=Wenona, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenoa,_Illinois=Chenoa, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenonah,_Illinois=Wenonah, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeleville,_Illinois=Steeleville, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Illinois=Washington, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_City,_Illinois=Norris City, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Illinois=Fulton, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Illinois=Marion, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Indiana=Montgomery, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Indiana=Washington, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasper,_Indiana=Jasper, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth,_Indiana=Elizabeth, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Indiana=Madison, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Indiana=Franklin, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_City,_Indiana=Rome City, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Indiana=Marshall, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greene,_Iowa=Greene, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osceola,_Iowa=Osceola, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monona,_Iowa=Monona, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Iowa=Jefferson, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Iowa=Union, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Iowa=Monroe, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Webster,_Iowa=Webster, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Iowa=Franklin, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Iowa=Marion, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapello,_Iowa=Wapello, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Iowa=Fremont, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Iowa=Hamilton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hancock,_Iowa=Hancock, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut,_Iowa=Walnut, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Iowa=Benton, Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greeley,_Kansas=Greeley, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiowa,_Kansas=Kiowa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglass,_Kansas=Douglass, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cherokee,_Kansas=Cherokee, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Kansas=Wilson, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lane,_Kansas=Lane, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ottawa,_Kansas=Ottawa, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Kansas=Hamilton, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Kansas=Allen, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coffeyville,_Kansas=Coffeyville, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Kansas=Logan, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chase,_Kansas=Chase, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assaria,_Kansas=Assaria, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Aire,_Kansas=Bel Aire, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seward,_Kansas=Seward, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn,_Kansas=Linn, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pineville,_Kentucky=Pineville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Kentucky=Union, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Kentucky=Jackson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgantown,_Kentucky=Morgantown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazel,_Kentucky=Hazel, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grayson,_Kentucky=Grayson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Kentucky=Marion, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin,_Kentucky=Martin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen,_Kentucky=Allen, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hickman,_Kentucky=Hickman, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crittenden,_Kentucky=Crittenden, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatwoods,_Kentucky=Flatwoods, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland,_Kentucky=Cumberland, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Kentucky=Henderson, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Kentucky=Clinton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown,_Kentucky=Middletown, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmoor_Manor,_Kentucky=Strathmoor Manor, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmoor_Village,_Kentucky=Strathmoor Village, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlisle,_Kentucky=Carlisle, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owenton,_Kentucky=Owenton, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Kentucky=Butler, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikeville,_Kentucky=Pikeville, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Science_Hill,_Kentucky=Science Hill, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Livingston,_Kentucky=Livingston, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Kentucky=Franklin, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clay,_Kentucky=Clay, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Louisiana=Jackson, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powhatan,_Louisiana=Powhatan, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Louisiana=Washington, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Louisiana=Franklin, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Maine=Franklin, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penobscot,_Maine=Penobscot, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Maine=Washington, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox,_Maine=Knox, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biddeford,_Maine=Biddeford, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owings_Mills,_Maryland=Owings Mills, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owings,_Maryland=Owings, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prince_Frederick,_Maryland=Prince Frederick, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air,_Harford_County,_Maryland=Bel Air, Harford County, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield,_Massachusetts=Sheffield, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Massachusetts=Franklin, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Harbor,_Massachusetts=Green Harbor, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alcona_Township,_Michigan=Alcona Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millen_Township,_Michigan=Millen Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Michigan=Lincoln, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onota_Township,_Michigan=Onota Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_River_Township,_Michigan=Rock River Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Township,_Michigan=Martin Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laketown_Township,_Michigan=Laketown Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otsego_Township,_Michigan=Otsego Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otsego,_Michigan=Otsego, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Township,_Michigan=Green Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ossineke,_Michigan=Ossineke, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth,_Michigan=Ellsworth, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton_Township,_Michigan=Carlton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auburn,_Michigan=Auburn, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fraser_Township,_Michigan=Fraser Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merritt_Township,_Michigan=Merritt Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almira_Township,_Michigan=Almira Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Lake_Township,_Michigan=Crystal Lake Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Benton Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Plain,_Michigan=Fair Plain, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Lincoln Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Paw_Lake,_Michigan=Paw Paw Lake, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph,_Michigan=St. Joseph, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burlington,_Michigan=Burlington, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_Township,_Michigan=Wayne Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Munro_Township,_Michigan=Munro Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker_Township,_Michigan=Walker Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Michigan=Harrison, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redding_Township,_Michigan=Redding Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victor_Township,_Michigan=Victor Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Windsor Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaines,_Michigan=Gaines, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_Township,_Michigan=Bentley Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fife_Lake_Township,_Michigan=Fife Lake Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Township,_Michigan=Paradise Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arcada_Township,_Michigan=Arcada Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_River_Township,_Michigan=Pine River Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette_Township,_Michigan=Fayette Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reading_Township,_Michigan=Reading Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton_Township,_Michigan=Stanton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_Township,_Michigan=Huron Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsor_Township,_Michigan=Winsor Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mason,_Michigan=Mason, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyons_Township,_Michigan=Lyons Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover,_Michigan=Hanover, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulaski_Township,_Michigan=Pulaski Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schoolcraft,_Michigan=Schoolcraft, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapid_River_Township,_Michigan=Rapid River Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Township,_Michigan=Byron Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caledonia,_Michigan=Caledonia, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron_Center,_Michigan=Byron Center, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hills,_Michigan=Forest Hills, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walker,_Michigan=Walker, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellsworth_Township,_Michigan=Ellsworth Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sauble_Township,_Michigan=Sauble Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmwood_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Elmwood Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison,_Michigan=Addison, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clayton,_Michigan=Clayton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conway_Township,_Michigan=Conway Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brevort_Township,_Michigan=Brevort Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moran_Township,_Michigan=Moran Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison_Township,_Michigan=Harrison Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ray_Township,_Michigan=Ray Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Haven,_Michigan=New Haven, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Shelby Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Township,_Michigan=Victory Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martiny_Township,_Michigan=Martiny Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellen_Township,_Michigan=Mellen Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spalding_Township,_Michigan=Spalding Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterfield_Township,_Michigan=Butterfield Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Township,_Michigan=London Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Monroe Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairplain_Township,_Michigan=Fairplain Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Michigan=Sheridan, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanton,_Michigan=Stanton, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laketon_Township,_Michigan=Laketon Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall,_Michigan=Whitehall, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Michigan=Fremont, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Michigan=Grant, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe_Township,_Michigan=Monroe Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill_Township,_Michigan=Merrill Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Sheridan Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Addison_Township,_Michigan=Addison Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Het_Bildt=Het Bildt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groesbeek=Groesbeek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozendaal=Rozendaal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montfoort=Montfoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalburg=Aalburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haaren,_North_Brabant=Haaren, North Brabant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Claybanks_Township,_Michigan=Claybanks Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton_Township,_Michigan=Horton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Michigan=Marion, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlton_Township,_Michigan=Charlton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Holland Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulawski_Township,_Michigan=Pulawski Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blumfield_Township,_Michigan=Blumfield Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burt,_Michigan=Burt, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrollton_Township,_Michigan=Carrollton Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_Township,_Michigan=James Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrill,_Michigan=Merrill, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spaulding_Township,_Michigan=Spaulding Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antrim_Township,_Michigan=Antrim Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byron,_Michigan=Byron, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangor,_Michigan=Bangor, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Paw_Township,_Michigan=Paw Paw Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paw_Paw,_Michigan=Paw Paw, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Augusta_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Augusta Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyndon_Township,_Michigan=Lyndon Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron_Charter_Township,_Michigan=Huron Charter Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rice,_Minnesota=Rice, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boy_River,_Minnesota=Boy River, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rush_City,_Minnesota=Rush City, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skree_Township,_Clay_County,_Minnesota=Skree Township, Clay County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Earth,_Minnesota=Blue Earth, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence_Township,_Goodhue_County,_Minnesota=Florence Township, Goodhue County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkenny,_Minnesota=Kilkenny, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florence,_Minnesota=Florence, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottonwood,_Minnesota=Cottonwood, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshall,_Minnesota=Marshall, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gary,_Minnesota=Gary, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beltrami,_Minnesota=Beltrami, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandia_Township,_Polk_County,_Minnesota=Scandia Township, Polk County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bear_Lake_Township,_Pope_County,_Minnesota=White Bear Lake Township, Pope County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Bear_Township,_Ramsey_County,_Minnesota=White Bear Township, Ramsey County, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Becker,_Minnesota=Becker, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grant,_Minnesota=Grant, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quitman,_Mississippi=Quitman, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Mississippi=Marion, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Missouri=Lincoln, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Missouri=Jackson, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ozark,_Missouri=Ozark, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randolph,_Missouri=Randolph, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelville,_Missouri=Steelville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewartsville,_Missouri=Stewartsville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Missouri=Washington, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Missouri=Clinton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oregon,_Missouri=Oregon, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Missouri=Franklin, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Ridge,_Missouri=High Ridge, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotsdale,_Missouri=Scotsdale, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller,_Missouri=Miller, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laclede,_Missouri=Laclede, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Missouri=Madison, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhineland,_Missouri=Rhineland, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linn,_Missouri=Linn, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Missouri=Perry, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden,_Missouri=Camden, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Missouri=Benton, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Belknap_Agency,_Montana=Fort Belknap Agency, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tremelo=Tremelo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheridan,_Montana=Sheridan, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Lodge,_Montana=Deer Lodge, Montana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenesaw,_Nebraska=Kenesaw, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearney,_Nebraska=Kearney, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valley,_Nebraska=Valley, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_Nebraska=Adams, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steele_City,_Nebraska=Steele City, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson,_Nebraska=Johnson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas,_Nebraska=Douglas, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Nebraska=Dawson, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrill,_Nebraska=Morrill, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thayer,_Nebraska=Thayer, Nebraska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmira_Township,_Michigan=Elmira Township, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Springs,_Nevada=Silver Springs, Nevada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Center_Harbor,_New_Hampshire=Center Harbor, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan,_New_Hampshire=Sullivan, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll,_New_Hampshire=Carroll, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Merrimack,_New_Hampshire=Merrimack, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clark,_Missouri=Clark, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cairo,_Missouri=Cairo, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Missouri=Jacksonville, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Plaistow,_New_Hampshire=Plaistow, New Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saddle_River,_New_Jersey=Saddle River, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moorestown,_New_Jersey=Moorestown, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemberton,_New_Jersey=Pemberton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palmyra,_New_Jersey=Palmyra, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Township,_New_Jersey=Riverside Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Township,_Burlington_County,_New_Jersey=Springfield Township, Burlington County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_New_Jersey=Ashland, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellmawr,_New_Jersey=Bellmawr, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin,_New_Jersey=Berlin, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmere,_New_Jersey=Strathmere, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_City,_New_Jersey=Union City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_New_Jersey=Clinton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkhamsted=Berkhamsted
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_New_Jersey=Milford, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princeton_Township,_New_Jersey=Princeton Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milltown,_New_Jersey=Milltown, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmar,_New_Jersey=Belmar, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freehold_Borough,_New_Jersey=Freehold Borough, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freehold_Township,_New_Jersey=Freehold Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millstone_Township,_New_Jersey=Millstone Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_Township,_New_Jersey=Neptune Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middletown_Township,_New_Jersey=Middletown Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neptune_City,_New_Jersey=Neptune City, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrewsbury_Township,_New_Jersey=Shrewsbury Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strathmore,_New_Jersey=Strathmore, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shrewsbury,_New_Jersey=Shrewsbury, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boonton,_New_Jersey=Boonton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Borough,_New_Jersey=Chester Borough, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester_Township,_New_Jersey=Chester Township, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockaway,_New_Jersey=Rockaway, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Point_Pleasant,_New_Jersey=Point Pleasant, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Milford,_New_Jersey=West Milford, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millstone,_New_Jersey=Millstone, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raritan,_New_Jersey=Raritan, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andover,_New_Jersey=Andover, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linden,_New_Jersey=Linden, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Township,_Union_County,_New_Jersey=Springfield Township, Union County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_New_Jersey=Washington, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_New_Mexico=Des Moines, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genesee,_New_York=Genesee, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson,_Broome_County,_New_York=Dickinson, Broome County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saranac,_New_York=Saranac, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortland,_New_York=Cortland, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harford,_New_York=Harford, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tompkins,_New_York=Tompkins, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/LaGrange,_New_York=LaGrange, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Elba,_New_York=North Elba, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellmont,_New_York=Bellmont, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickinson,_Franklin_County,_New_York=Dickinson, Franklin County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Flatts,_New_York=German Flatts, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mannsville,_New_York=Mannsville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orleans,_New_York=Orleans, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dansville,_Livingston_County,_New_York=Dansville, Livingston County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oneida,_New_York=Oneida, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmingdale,_New_York=Farmingdale, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence,_Nassau_County,_New_York=Lawrence, Nassau County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steuben,_New_York=Steuben, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Western,_New_York=Western, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca,_New_York=Seneca, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florida,_Orange_County,_New_York=Florida, Orange County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Nassau,_New_York=East Nassau, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staten_Island=Staten Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangetown,_New_York=Orangetown, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Square,_New_York=New Square, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga,_New_York=Saratoga, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne,_New_York=Wayne, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmingville,_New_York=Farmingville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenport,_Suffolk_County,_New_York=Greenport, Suffolk County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware,_New_York=Delaware, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland,_New_York=Rockland, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_Warren_County,_New_York=Chester, Warren County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dresden,_Washington_County,_New_York=Dresden, Washington County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampton,_New_York=Hampton, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Putnam,_New_York=Putnam, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortlandt,_New_York=Cortlandt, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graham,_North_Carolina=Graham, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_North_Carolina=Washington, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Arcadia,_North_Carolina=East Arcadia, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lenoir,_North_Carolina=Lenoir, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic_Beach,_North_Carolina=Atlantic Beach, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort,_North_Carolina=Beaufort, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Point,_North_Carolina=Cedar Point, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brunswick,_North_Carolina=Brunswick, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Statesville,_North_Carolina=Statesville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_North_Carolina=Franklin, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaston,_North_Carolina=Gaston, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_North_Carolina=Jackson, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_North_Carolina=Jacksonville, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford,_North_Carolina=Hertford, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus,_North_Carolina=Columbus, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockingham,_North_Carolina=Rockingham, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton,_North_Carolina=Lumberton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_North_Carolina=Madison, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avesta_Municipality=Avesta Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macon,_North_Carolina=Macon, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adams,_North_Dakota=Adams, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Ohio=Jefferson, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Ohio=Hamilton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moscow,_Ohio=Moscow, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huron,_Ohio=Huron, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelleys_Island,_Ohio=Kelleys Island, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carroll,_Ohio=Carroll, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Arlington,_Ohio=Upper Arlington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metamora,_Ohio=Metamora, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette,_Ohio=Fayette, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vinton,_Ohio=Vinton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beavercreek,_Ohio=Beavercreek, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harrison,_Ohio=Harrison, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Ohio=Montgomery, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arlington,_Ohio=Arlington, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Logan,_Ohio=Logan, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison,_Ohio=Madison, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry,_Ohio=Perry, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanesfield,_Ohio=Zanesfield, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fulton,_Ohio=Fulton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwich,_Ohio=Norwich, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zanesville,_Ohio=Zanesville, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_Ohio=Butler, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lucas,_Ohio=Lucas, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelby,_Ohio=Shelby, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton,_Ohio=Clinton, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren,_Ohio=Warren, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morrow,_Ohio=Morrow, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matamoras,_Ohio=Matamoras, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Ohio=Portage, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne,_Ohio=Wayne, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noble,_Oklahoma=Noble, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Creek,_Oklahoma=Deer Creek, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adair,_Oklahoma=Adair, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Miami,_Oklahoma=North Miami, Oklahoma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Linn,_Oregon=West Linn, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bend,_Oregon=North Bend, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bend,_Oregon=Bend, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheeler,_Oregon=Wheeler, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gopher_Flats,_Oregon=Gopher Flats, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germany_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Germany Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Joy_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Mount Joy Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menallen_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Menallen Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Township,_Adams_County,_Pennsylvania=Oxford Township, Adams County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleppo_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Aleppo Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baldwin_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Baldwin Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalfant,_Pennsylvania=Chalfant, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Elizabeth Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findlay_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Findlay Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millvale,_Pennsylvania=Millvale, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Versailles_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=North Versailles Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Fayette_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=North Fayette Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ohio_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Ohio Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Fayette_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=South Fayette Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_St._Clair_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper St. Clair Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Whitehall, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Township,_Armstrong_County,_Pennsylvania=Burrell Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Township,_Armstrong_County,_Pennsylvania=Manor Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbank_Township,_Armstrong_County,_Pennsylvania=Redbank Township, Armstrong County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Bethlehem,_Pennsylvania=South Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Township,_Beaver_County,_Pennsylvania=Independence Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Sewickley_Township,_Beaver_County,_Pennsylvania=New Sewickley Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Sewickley_Township,_Beaver_County,_Pennsylvania=North Sewickley Township, Beaver County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochester,_Pennsylvania=Rochester, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Township,_Bedford_County,_Pennsylvania=Bloomfield Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_St._Clair_Township,_Bedford_County,_Pennsylvania=East St. Clair Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_St._Clair_Township,_Bedford_County,_Pennsylvania=West St. Clair Township, Bedford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Albany Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsace_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Alsace Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecknock_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Brecknock Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Amity Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Alsace_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Alsace Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Rockland Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tulpehocken_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Tulpehocken Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Tulpehocken_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Tulpehocken Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Township,_Berks_County,_Pennsylvania=Windsor Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyomissing,_Pennsylvania=Wyomissing, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Albany Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Athens Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Towanda_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=North Towanda Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Pennsylvania=Monroe, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Rome Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towanda_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Towanda Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Troy Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Wells Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windham_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Windham Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Township,_Bradford_County,_Pennsylvania=Warren Township, Bradford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Buckingham Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Rockhill_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=East Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Makefield_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Makefield Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Britain,_Pennsylvania=New Britain, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Britain_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=New Britain Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Northampton Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinicum_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Tinicum Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Makefield_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Makefield Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=Warrington Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Rockhill_Township,_Bucks_County,_Pennsylvania=West Rockhill Township, Bucks County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Township,_Butler_County,_Pennsylvania=Lancaster Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex_Township,_Butler_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlesex Township, Butler County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacklick_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Blacklick Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cresson,_Pennsylvania=Cresson, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elder_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Elder Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Yoder_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Yoder Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Yoder_Township,_Cambria_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Yoder Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banks_Township,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Banks Township, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Towamensing_Township,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Towamensing Township, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towamensing_Township,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Towamensing Township, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_Township,_Centre_County,_Pennsylvania=Burnside Township, Centre County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caln_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Brandywine_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Brandywine Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Caln_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Coventry_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Nantmeal_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Nantmeal Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Marlborough_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Goshen_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Goshen Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Nottingham_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Nottingham Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Pikeland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Pikeland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Vincent_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Vincent Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Whiteland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=East Whiteland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Britain_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=London Britain Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Oxford_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Oxford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Coventry_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=North Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pennsbury_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Pennsbury Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Coventry_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=South Coventry Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornbury_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Thornbury Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Oxford_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Oxford Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uwchlan_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Uwchlan Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Uwchlan_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Uwchlan Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Brandywine_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Brandywine Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Caln_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Caln Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Marlborough_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Marlborough Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Goshen_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Goshen Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nantmeal_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Nantmeal Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pikeland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Pikeland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Nottingham_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Nottingham Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Vincent_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Vincent Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Whiteland_Township,_Chester_County,_Pennsylvania=West Whiteland Township, Chester County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Bethlehem,_Pennsylvania=New Bethlehem, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbank_Township,_Clarion_County,_Pennsylvania=Redbank Township, Clarion County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_Township,_Clearfield_County,_Pennsylvania=Burnside Township, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Habo_Municipality=Habo Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goshen_Township,_Clearfield_County,_Pennsylvania=Goshen Township, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Township,_Clearfield_County,_Pennsylvania=Lawrence Township, Clearfield County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alvesta_Municipality=Alvesta Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Almedia,_Pennsylvania=Almedia, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Township,_Columbia_County,_Pennsylvania=Benton Township, Columbia County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millville,_Pennsylvania=Millville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Athens_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Athens Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Bloomfield Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Mead_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=East Mead Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Rome Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troy_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Troy Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Venango,_Pennsylvania=Venango, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vernon_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=Vernon Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Mead_Township,_Crawford_County,_Pennsylvania=West Mead Township, Crawford County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooke_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Cooke Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Pennsboro_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=East Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampden_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Hampden Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Allen_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Allen Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Frankford_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Frankford Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlesex_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlesex Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Middleton_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=North Middleton Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Middleton_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=South Middleton Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Allen_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Allen Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Frankford_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Frankford Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pennsboro_Township,_Cumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=West Pennsboro Township, Cumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Paxton_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Middle Paxton Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Paxton_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Paxton Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steelton,_Pennsylvania=Steelton, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Paxton_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Paxton Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Township,_Dauphin_County,_Pennsylvania=Williams Township, Dauphin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby,_Pennsylvania=Darby, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_Pennsylvania=Chester, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Chichester_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Chichester Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Media,_Pennsylvania=Media, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thornbury_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Thornbury Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Chichester_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Chichester Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Darby_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Darby Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amity_Township,_Erie_County,_Pennsylvania=Amity Township, Erie County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKean,_Pennsylvania=McKean, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/German_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=German Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markleysburg,_Pennsylvania=Markleysburg, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menallen_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=Menallen Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=Nicholson Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnett_Township,_Forest_County,_Pennsylvania=Barnett Township, Forest County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_Township,_Fayette_County,_Pennsylvania=Wharton Township, Fayette County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warren_Township,_Franklin_County,_Pennsylvania=Warren Township, Franklin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Township,_Fulton_County,_Pennsylvania=Todd Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Township,_Fulton_County,_Pennsylvania=Thompson Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Township,_Fulton_County,_Pennsylvania=Wells Township, Fulton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleppo_Township,_Greene_County,_Pennsylvania=Aleppo Township, Greene County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marklesburg,_Pennsylvania=Marklesburg, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Township,_Huntingdon_County,_Pennsylvania=Miller Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Todd_Township,_Huntingdon_County,_Pennsylvania=Todd Township, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Armstrong Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banks_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Banks Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Lick,_Pennsylvania=Black Lick, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Lick_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Black Lick Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Burrell Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Wheatfield_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=East Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Pennsylvania=Jacksonville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wheatfield_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=West Wheatfield Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnett_Township,_Jefferson_County,_Pennsylvania=Barnett Township, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Township,_Indiana_County,_Pennsylvania=Young Township, Indiana County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Young_Township,_Jefferson_County,_Pennsylvania=Young Township, Jefferson County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fayette_Township,_Juniata_County,_Pennsylvania=Fayette Township, Juniata County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=Benton Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Abington_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=North Abington Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Abington_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=South Abington Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brecknock_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Brecknock Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Abington_Township,_Lackawanna_County,_Pennsylvania=West Abington Township, Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Lancaster Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Britain_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Little Britain Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leacock_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Leacock Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Elizabeth Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Manor Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Joy_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Mount Joy Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Leacock_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Leacock Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cocalico_Township,_Lancaster_County,_Pennsylvania=West Cocalico Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle,_Pennsylvania=New Castle, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annville_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=Annville Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington_Township,_Lawrence_County,_Pennsylvania=Wilmington Township, Lawrence County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Annville_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=North Annville Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Cornwall_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=North Cornwall Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Lebanon_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=North Lebanon Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Annville_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=South Annville Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Lebanon_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=South Lebanon Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cornwall_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=West Cornwall Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lebanon_Township,_Lebanon_County,_Pennsylvania=West Lebanon Township, Lebanon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Macungie_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Macungie Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Whitehall_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=North Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Macungie_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Macungie Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Whitehall_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=South Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Saucon_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Saucon Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehall_Township,_Lehigh_County,_Pennsylvania=Whitehall Township, Lehigh County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exeter,_Pennsylvania=Exeter, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehman_Township,_Luzerne_County,_Pennsylvania=Lehman Township, Luzerne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming,_Pennsylvania=Wyoming, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armstrong_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Armstrong Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Brown Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lycoming_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Lycoming Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery,_Pennsylvania=Montgomery, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Lycoming_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Old Lycoming Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Township,_Lycoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Watson Township, Lycoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradford,_Pennsylvania=Bradford, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lackawannock_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=East Lackawannock Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Creek_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=French Creek Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Findley_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Findley Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lackawannock_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Lackawannock Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Vernon_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=New Vernon Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pymatuning_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Pymatuning Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Creek_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Sandy Creek Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilmington_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=Wilmington Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Pymatuning_Township,_Mercer_County,_Pennsylvania=South Pymatuning Township, Mercer County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Township,_Mifflin_County,_Pennsylvania=Brown Township, Mifflin County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunkhannock_Township,_Monroe_County,_Pennsylvania=Tunkhannock Township, Monroe County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abington_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Abington Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Norriton_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=East Norriton Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Frederick_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Frederick Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Gwynedd_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Merion_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlborough_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Marlborough Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Pottsgrove_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Pottsgrove Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Salford_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salford_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towamencin_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Towamencin Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Frederick_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Frederick Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Gwynedd_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Gwynedd Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Merion_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Merion Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Pottsgrove_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Pottsgrove Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Norriton_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=West Norriton Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Salford_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Salford Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Pottsgrove_Township,_Montgomery_County,_Pennsylvania=West Pottsgrove Township, Montgomery County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allen_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Allen Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethlehem_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Bethlehem Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Allen_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=East Allen Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Mount_Bethel_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Mount Bethel Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Nazareth_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Nazareth Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Saucon_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Saucon Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton,_Pennsylvania=Northampton, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Nazareth_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Nazareth Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Mount_Bethel_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Mount Bethel Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Cameron_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=East Cameron Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williams_Township,_Northampton_County,_Pennsylvania=Williams Township, Northampton County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Chillisquaque_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=East Chillisquaque Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Augusta_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Augusta Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Cameron_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=West Cameron Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Chillisquaque_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=West Chillisquaque Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Augusta_Township,_Northumberland_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Augusta Township, Northumberland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blain,_Pennsylvania=Blain, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Township,_Perry_County,_Pennsylvania=Miller Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wheatfield_Township,_Perry_County,_Pennsylvania=Wheatfield Township, Perry County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehman_Township,_Pike_County,_Pennsylvania=Lehman Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford_Township,_Pike_County,_Pennsylvania=Milford Township, Pike County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milford,_Pennsylvania=Milford, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Branch_Township,_Potter_County,_Pennsylvania=West Branch Township, Potter County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wharton_Township,_Potter_County,_Pennsylvania=Wharton Township, Potter County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branch_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=Branch Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cressona,_Pennsylvania=Cressona, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Norwegian_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=East Norwegian Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Brunswick_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=East Brunswick Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Castle_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=New Castle Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norwegian_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=Norwegian Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Brunswick_Township,_Schuylkill_County,_Pennsylvania=West Brunswick Township, Schuylkill County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlecreek_Township,_Snyder_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlecreek Township, Snyder County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Turkeyfoot_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Turkeyfoot Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middlecreek_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Middlecreek Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northampton_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Northampton Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Turkeyfoot_Township,_Somerset_County,_Pennsylvania=Upper Turkeyfoot Township, Somerset County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colley_Township,_Sullivan_County,_Pennsylvania=Colley Township, Sullivan County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thompson_Township,_Susquehanna_County,_Pennsylvania=Thompson Township, Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawrence_Township,_Tioga_County,_Pennsylvania=Lawrence Township, Tioga County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roseville,_Pennsylvania=Roseville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchcreek_Township,_Venango_County,_Pennsylvania=Frenchcreek Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oil_City,_Pennsylvania=Oil City, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockland_Township,_Venango_County,_Pennsylvania=Rockland Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rouseville,_Pennsylvania=Rouseville, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandycreek_Township,_Venango_County,_Pennsylvania=Sandycreek Township, Venango County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mead_Township,_Warren_County,_Pennsylvania=Mead Township, Warren County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_Township,_Warren_County,_Pennsylvania=Watson Township, Warren County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blaine_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Blaine Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Finley_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=East Finley Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Bethlehem_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=East Bethlehem Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Independence Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Bethlehem_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=North Bethlehem Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Strabane_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=North Strabane Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottingham_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Nottingham Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=Robinson Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Finley_Township,_Washington_County,_Pennsylvania=West Finley Township, Washington County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buckingham_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=Buckingham Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canaan_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=Canaan Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lebanon_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=Lebanon Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Canaan_Township,_Wayne_County,_Pennsylvania=South Canaan Township, Wayne County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cook_Township,_Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=Cook Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sewickley_Township,_Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=Sewickley Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Clair_Township,_Westmoreland_County,_Pennsylvania=St. Clair Township, Westmoreland County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicholson_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Nicholson Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Branch_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=North Branch Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windham_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Windham Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunkhannock_Township,_Wyoming_County,_Pennsylvania=Tunkhannock Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Codorus_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Codorus Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chanceford_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Chanceford Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goldsboro,_Pennsylvania=Goldsboro, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanover,_Pennsylvania=Hanover, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Chanceford_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Chanceford Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Windsor_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Lower Windsor Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Salem,_Pennsylvania=New Salem, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Codorus_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=North Codorus Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warrington_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Warrington Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windsor_Township,_York_County,_Pennsylvania=Windsor Township, York County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaufort,_South_Carolina=Beaufort, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kershaw,_South_Carolina=Kershaw, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo,_South_Dakota=Buffalo, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tripp,_South_Dakota=Tripp, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mellette,_South_Dakota=Mellette, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood_Lake,_Tennessee=Wildwood Lake, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Hills,_Tennessee=Forest Hills, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dyer,_Tennessee=Dyer, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutherford,_Tennessee=Rutherford, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson,_Tennessee=Jackson, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Decatur,_Tennessee=Decatur, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton,_Tennessee=Benton, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Tennessee=Franklin, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zavalla,_Texas=Zavalla, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Live_Oak,_Texas=Live Oak, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Texas=Caldwell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusk,_Texas=Rusk, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parker,_Texas=Parker, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ector,_Texas=Ector, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherman,_Texas=Sherman, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anderson,_Texas=Anderson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marion,_Texas=Marion, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumberton,_Texas=Lumberton, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pharr,_Texas=Pharr, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crockett,_Texas=Crockett, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China,_Texas=China, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenedy,_Texas=Kenedy, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terrell,_Texas=Terrell, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earth,_Texas=Earth, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hardin,_Texas=Hardin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubbock,_Texas=Lubbock, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson,_Texas=Wilson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jefferson,_Texas=Jefferson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron,_Texas=Cameron, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colorado_City,_Texas=Colorado City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowie,_Texas=Bowie, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaha,_Texas=Omaha, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dawson,_Texas=Dawson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pecos,_Texas=Pecos, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franklin,_Texas=Franklin, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson,_Texas=Henderson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemphill,_Texas=Hemphill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyler,_Texas=Tyler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Texas=Taylor, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ho-Ho-Kus,_New_Jersey=Ho-Ho-Kus, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Milford,_New_Jersey=New Milford, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden,_Utah=Garden, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpine,_Utah=Alpine, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uintah,_Utah=Uintah, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essex,_Vermont=Essex, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Vermont=Washington, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensboro,_Vermont=Greensboro, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittenden,_Vermont=Chittenden, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_Vermont=Jacksonville, Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenville,_Virginia=Greenville, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan,_Virginia=Buchanan, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Virginia=Clifton, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pembroke,_Virginia=Pembroke, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montrose,_Virginia=Montrose, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamilton,_Virginia=Hamilton, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urbanna,_Virginia=Urbanna, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington,_Virginia=Washington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highland,_Washington=Highland, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Des_Moines,_Washington=Des Moines, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bainbridge_Island,_Washington=Bainbridge Island, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Washington=Centerville, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skokomish,_Washington=Skokomish, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bay_View,_Washington=Bay View, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oso,_Washington=Oso, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smokey_Point,_Washington=Smokey Point, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla,_Washington=Walla Walla, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garfield,_Washington=Garfield, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Fork,_West_Virginia=Coal Fork, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson,_West_Virginia=Williamson, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover,_West_Virginia=Westover, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Gay,_West_Virginia=Fort Gay, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamstown,_West_Virginia=Williamstown, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Lake,_Wisconsin=Trade Lake, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portage,_Wisconsin=Portage, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor,_Wisconsin=Taylor, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kewaunee,_Wisconsin=Kewaunee, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Valley,_Marathon_County,_Wisconsin=Green Valley, Marathon County, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Valley,_Shawano_County,_Wisconsin=Green Valley, Shawano County, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deerfield,_Waushara_County,_Wisconsin=Deerfield, Waushara County, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigtown=Wigtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slavonia=Slavonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celle=Celle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland,_Michigan=Holland, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clearwater,_Minnesota=Clearwater, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Mississippi=Union, Mississippi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holt,_Missouri=Holt, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sullivan,_Missouri=Sullivan, Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Rancho,_New_Mexico=Rio Rancho, New Mexico
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Earlville,_New_York=Earlville, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monroe,_Ohio=Monroe, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union,_Ohio=Union, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tunnelhill,_Pennsylvania=Tunnelhill, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ellwood_City,_Pennsylvania=Ellwood City, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Charleston,_South_Carolina=North Charleston, South Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yoakum,_Texas=Yoakum, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Texas=Mansfield, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burleson,_Texas=Burleson, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Neots=St Neots
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ives,_Cornwall=St Ives, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walton,_Wakefield=Walton, Wakefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirfield=Mirfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxenhope=Oxenhope
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saltaire=Saltaire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bollington=Bollington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minster-in-Thanet=Minster-in-Thanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunenburg_County,_Nova_Scotia=Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duffel=Duffel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorselaar=Vorselaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vosselaar=Vosselaar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye,_Cambridgeshire=Eye, Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eye,_Suffolk=Eye, Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwentwater=Derwentwater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethnal_Green_tube_station=Bethnal Green tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Ogliastra=Province of Ogliastra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdad_International_Airport=Baghdad International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madison_Avenue=Madison Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guisborough=Guisborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Springs=Barton Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Reservoir_(Derbyshire)=Derwent Reservoir (Derbyshire)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weener=Weener
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingsway_Tunnel=Kingsway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worksop=Worksop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thane=Thane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carnegie_Hall=Carnegie Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalcis=Chalcis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Centre=Rogers Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham,_Surrey=Cobham, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Genk=Genk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dour=Dour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalhem=Dalhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aremark=Aremark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand=Kristiansand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modum=Modum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hitra=Hitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brantford=Brantford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond,_North_Yorkshire=Richmond, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ermine_Street=Ermine Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Braunston=Braunston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tumen_River=Tumen River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namib_Desert=Namib Desert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judenburg=Judenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kagawa_Prefecture=Kagawa Prefecture
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesena=Cesena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/International_Finance_Centre=International Finance Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jura_Mountains=Jura Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eifel=Eifel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attard=Attard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wokingham=Wokingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taba,_Egypt=Taba, Egypt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germantown,_Virginia=Germantown, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nuneaton=Nuneaton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trigno=Trigno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varadero=Varadero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palembang=Palembang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lumbini=Lumbini
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Family_History_Library=Family History Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Rai_(city)=Chiang Rai (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luton_Airport=Luton Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wycombe=West Wycombe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberto_Clemente_Coliseum=Roberto Clemente Coliseum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charing_Cross_railway_station=Charing Cross railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandigarh=Chandigarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle-under-Lyme=Newcastle-under-Lyme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_National_Park=Great Basin National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_French_Empire=Second French Empire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scandinavium=Scandinavium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ullevi=Ullevi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakoram=Karakoram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reigate=Reigate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakol=Karakol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amber_Valley=Amber Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Territories=New Territories
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiang_Mai=Chiang Mai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough,_Hampshire=Farnborough, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorlton-cum-Hardy=Chorlton-cum-Hardy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarra_River=Yarra River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_of_Tara=Hill of Tara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Patrick's_Cathedral_(Manhattan)=St. Patrick's Cathedral (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panay=Panay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_McHenry=Fort McHenry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellingham_railway_station=Bellingham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somers_Town,_London=Somers Town, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Town_tube_station=Camden Town tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summer_Palace=Summer Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogy=Bogy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paignton=Paignton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buenos_Aires_Province=Buenos Aires Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamford,_Connecticut=Stamford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robinson_Township,_Allegheny_County,_Pennsylvania=Robinson Township, Allegheny County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darby_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Darby Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tinicum_Township,_Delaware_County,_Pennsylvania=Tinicum Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srirangapatna=Srirangapatna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonawanda_(town),_New_York=Tonawanda (town), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herkimer_(village),_New_York=Herkimer (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chester,_Orange_County,_New_York=Chester, Orange County, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montgomery_(village),_New_York=Montgomery (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Hampton_(village),_New_York=East Hampton (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westminster_(town),_Vermont=Westminster (town), Vermont
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washburn,_Wisconsin=Washburn, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marquette,_Wisconsin=Marquette, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheboygan,_Wisconsin=Sheboygan, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac_du_Flambeau,_Wisconsin=Lac du Flambeau, Wisconsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Sammamish=Lake Sammamish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_International_Airport=Orlando International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Italy,_Manhattan=Little Italy, Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_London_Airport=East London Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safsaf=Safsaf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brussels_Airport=Brussels Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlando_Sanford_International_Airport=Orlando Sanford International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exmoor=Exmoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camano_Island=Camano Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gotland=Gotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuma_Territorial_Prison=Yuma Territorial Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwark_Cathedral=Southwark Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pablo,_Laguna=San Pablo, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renens=Renens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontevedra=Pontevedra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Formosa_Province=Formosa Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zgorzelec=Zgorzelec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capri=Capri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jinzhou=Jinzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pushkin,_Saint_Petersburg=Pushkin, Saint Petersburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socialist_Federal_Republic_of_Yugoslavia=Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Army_Plaza=Grand Army Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Canaveral_Air_Force_Station=Cape Canaveral Air Force Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maldon,_Essex=Maldon, Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shepparton=Shepparton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attercliffe=Attercliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Neot,_Cornwall=St Neot, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basse-Terre=Basse-Terre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castlefield=Castlefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apostolic_Palace=Apostolic Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biggleswade=Biggleswade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Italian_Social_Republic=Italian Social Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benin_City=Benin City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liuyang=Liuyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dealey_Plaza=Dealey Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yamagata,_Yamagata=Yamagata, Yamagata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simcoe,_Ontario=Simcoe, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islamic_Emirate_of_Afghanistan=Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Taipei_City=New Taipei City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Congo=French Congo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westcombe_Park_railway_station=Westcombe Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Iberia=Kingdom of Iberia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pantheon,_Rome=Pantheon, Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yan'an=Yan'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonbridge=Tonbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aylmer,_Ontario=Aylmer, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berghof_(residence)=Berghof (residence)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kehlsteinhaus=Kehlsteinhaus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republika_Srpska=Republika Srpska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phoenix,_Maryland=Phoenix, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zvolen=Zvolen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eretria=Eretria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welwyn=Welwyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Tunbridge_Wells=Royal Tunbridge Wells
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srirangam=Srirangam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_conurbation=West Midlands conurbation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Midlands_(region)=West Midlands (region)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Hams=South Hams
http://dbpedia.org/resource/N8_road_(Ireland)=N8 road (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miastko=Miastko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Beaches=The Beaches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ibadan=Ibadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baillif=Baillif
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kovalam=Kovalam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MetLife_Building=MetLife Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sackville,_New_Brunswick=Sackville, New Brunswick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford=Hertford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Park=AT&T Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llanelli=Llanelli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulhouse=Mulhouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Castle=Hearst Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potters_Bar=Potters Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carmarthen=Carmarthen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsager=Alsager
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darwen=Darwen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume_Dam=Hume Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilburn_tube_station=Kilburn tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal_Green_station=Kensal Green station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambourne=Cambourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Tite,_Quebec=Saint-Tite, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prussia=Prussia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penistone=Penistone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_station=Farringdon station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewisham_station=Lewisham station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corbridge=Corbridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clevedon=Clevedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James's_Park_tube_station=St. James's Park tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_Gate_railway_station=New Cross Gate railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Cross_railway_station=New Cross railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halton_Hills=Halton Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bedlington=Bedlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabella_Stewart_Gardner_Museum=Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queenborough=Queenborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stratford,_Connecticut=Stratford, Connecticut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Ravensbourne=River Ravensbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Carmel=Mount Carmel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northwich=Northwich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greystones=Greystones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary-le-Bow=St Mary-le-Bow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Waterloo_East_railway_station=London Waterloo East railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriskay=Eriskay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Targ=Nowy Targ
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebinia=Trzebinia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaworzno=Jaworzno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Susitna_River=Susitna River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terespol=Terespol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zator=Zator
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pabianice=Pabianice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zgierz=Zgierz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottenburg=Charlottenburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyeongchang_County=Pyeongchang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gochang_County=Gochang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asheridge=Asheridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narew=Narew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FedExField=FedExField
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iligan=Iligan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeged=Szeged
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boarstall=Boarstall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutland,_Massachusetts=Rutland, Massachusetts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiyuan=Taiyuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easington,_Buckinghamshire=Easington, Buckinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vestmannaeyjar=Vestmannaeyjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatay_Province=Hatay Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittoor=Chittoor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katanning,_Western_Australia=Katanning, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inveraray=Inveraray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Park,_London,_Ontario=Victoria Park, London, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Queens_Library=Queens Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haversham=Haversham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivinghoe=Ivinghoe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_Goldington=Stoke Goldington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Streatham_railway_station=Streatham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_Baiyun_International_Airport_(former)=Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (former)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold's_Cove=Arnold's Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallstatt=Hallstatt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hambleton=Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Toronto=Metropolitan Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starogard_County=Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Arm=Norris Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuchola=Tuchola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Financial_District,_Manhattan=Financial District, Manhattan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaza_Province=Gaza Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Slave_Lake=Great Slave Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huambo_Province=Huambo Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huambo=Huambo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertsmere=Hertsmere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacorum=Dacorum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borough_of_Fylde=Borough of Fylde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Heath=Surrey Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton_Highway=Dalton Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingswood,_South_Gloucestershire=Kingswood, South Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riau_Islands_Province=Riau Islands Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vevey=Vevey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paktia_Province=Paktia Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paktika_Province=Paktika Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Rother,_West_Sussex=River Rother, West Sussex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borough_of_Berwick-upon-Tweed=Borough of Berwick-upon-Tweed
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise,_Michigan=Paradise, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrangell_Mountains=Wrangell Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yiyang=Yiyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ventura_Freeway=Ventura Freeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Hill,_Surrey=Box Hill, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Navy_Yard=Washington Navy Yard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_River_(Michigan)=Rogue River (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gigha=Gigha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canna,_Scotland=Canna, Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Rosa,_Laguna=Santa Rosa, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Rylands_Library=John Rylands Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dundas,_Ontario=Dundas, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shida_Kartli=Shida Kartli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muskoka_Lakes=Muskoka Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irlam=Irlam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Ronaldsay=South Ronaldsay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burray=Burray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_of_Slovenes,_Croats_and_Serbs=State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_F._Kennedy_Memorial_Stadium=Robert F. Kennedy Memorial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minehead=Minehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handa,_Scotland=Handa, Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valenzuela,_Philippines=Valenzuela, Philippines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldbury=Aldbury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Out_Skerries=Out Skerries
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykonos=Mykonos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrigley_Field_(Los_Angeles)=Wrigley Field (Los Angeles)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratcliff=Ratcliff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chin_State=Chin State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratanakiri_Province=Ratanakiri Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gateway_of_India=Gateway of India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_Southwark=St George's Cathedral, Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_State_Hospital_(California)=Metropolitan State Hospital (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanghai_World_Financial_Center=Shanghai World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Balkhash=Lake Balkhash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pewsey=Pewsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oscarshall=Oscarshall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Province_of_Massachusetts_Bay=Province of Massachusetts Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medical/Market_Center_(TRE_station)=Medical/Market Center (TRE station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gare_de_Paris-Est=Gare de Paris-Est
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_London_Hospital=Royal London Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Society_of_Chemistry=Royal Society of Chemistry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consett=Consett
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Aquila=L'Aquila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baie-Saint-Paul=Baie-Saint-Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Melbourne,_Victoria=Port Melbourne, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simcoe_County=Simcoe County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baffin_Bay=Baffin Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CityLink=CityLink
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisumu=Kisumu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drohobych=Drohobych
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ternopil=Ternopil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auskerry=Auskerry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faray=Faray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fara,_Orkney=Fara, Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swona=Swona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stroma,_Scotland=Stroma, Scotland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gyeongui_Line=Gyeongui Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Mweru_Wantipa=Lake Mweru Wantipa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulli,_New_South_Wales=Bulli, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indianapolis_metropolitan_area=Indianapolis metropolitan area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champlain_Bridge,_Montreal=Champlain Bridge, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Island_(Russia)=Pioneer Island (Russia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Canyon_of_the_Yellowstone=Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Bear_Lake=Big Bear Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diss=Diss
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandray=Sandray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_Center=United Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferntree_Gully,_Victoria=Ferntree Gully, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palms,_Los_Angeles=Palms, Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Manchester_Stadium=City of Manchester Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscayne_Bay=Biscayne Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torres_Strait_Islands=Torres Strait Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parliament_House,_Stockholm=Parliament House, Stockholm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield,_Victoria=Mansfield, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Second_Avenue_Subway=Second Avenue Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferryland=Ferryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Cross_Parkway=Wilbur Cross Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grimethorpe=Grimethorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rocks,_Sydney=The Rocks, Sydney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Island=Elephant Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyon=Nyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faringdon=Faringdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bozrah=Bozrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainham,_Kent=Rainham, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangka_Island=Bangka Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Derby=West Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cobham,_Kent=Cobham, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Flats_Plant=Rocky Flats Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosslyn_Station=Rosslyn Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sligo=Sligo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/College_of_Charleston=College of Charleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackall,_Queensland=Blackall, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denemarken=Denemarken
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe,_Argentina=Santa Fe, Argentina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wast_Water=Wast Water
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Highway_(Australia)=Pacific Highway (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Burragorang=Lake Burragorang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wingecarribee_River=Wingecarribee River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warragamba_Dam=Warragamba Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Burrendong=Lake Burrendong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wembley_Arena=Wembley Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frederiksberg_Municipality=Frederiksberg Municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kineton=Kineton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanark_Highlands,_Ontario=Lanark Highlands, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklyn_Museum=Brooklyn Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gonabad=Gonabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Hudson_Street=30 Hudson Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes,_Bromley=Hayes, Bromley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Western_Highway=Great Western Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goulburn_River_(New_South_Wales)=Goulburn River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volga_Federal_District=Volga Federal District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mo'orea=Mo'orea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Albans,_Victoria=St Albans, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Shetland_Islands=South Shetland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palencia=Palencia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunatsiavut=Nunatsiavut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Texas=West Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Epsom_railway_station=Epsom railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont_Albert_railway_station=Mont Albert railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karaman_Province=Karaman Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronki=Wronki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matunga_Road=Matunga Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charlottenberg=Charlottenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abu_Ghraib=Abu Ghraib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balata=Balata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hetton-le-Hole=Hetton-le-Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chafford_Hundred=Chafford Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flamengo,_Rio_de_Janeiro=Flamengo, Rio de Janeiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kusum_Kanguru=Kusum Kanguru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dent_Blanche=Dent Blanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkhall=Larkhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenitra=Kenitra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont,_Harrow=Belmont, Harrow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Tuque,_Quebec=La Tuque, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blair_Atholl=Blair Atholl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-de-Livaye=Notre-Dame-de-Livaye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waihi=Waihi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uyea,_Unst=Uyea, Unst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saratoga_Race_Course=Saratoga Race Course
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Norton=Kings Norton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neyland=Neyland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Massive=Mount Massive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ent_AFB_Defense_Area=Ent AFB Defense Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwantung_Leased_Territory=Kwantung Leased Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Island_Cove=Upper Island Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wroxeter=Wroxeter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Rocque=La Rocque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toccoa/Ocoee_River=Toccoa/Ocoee River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac-Saint-Louis_(electoral_district)=Lac-Saint-Louis (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon,_Pennsylvania=Devon, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaver_Kill=Beaver Kill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basque_Country_(greater_region)=Basque Country (greater region)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandelier_National_Monument=Bandelier National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nihoa=Nihoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Buenos_Aires=Greater Buenos Aires
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham,_Pennsylvania=Cheltenham, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henrys_Fork_(Snake_River)=Henrys Fork (Snake River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MLC_Centre=MLC Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadmeadows_railway_station,_Melbourne=Broadmeadows railway station, Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fakenham=Fakenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Prince_Alfred_Hospital=Royal Prince Alfred Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sooke=Sooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Park=Lincoln Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vannes=Vannes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myall_Lakes=Myall Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Diocese_of_Washington=Episcopal Diocese of Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph_River_(Maumee_River)=St. Joseph River (Maumee River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph_River_(Lake_Michigan)=St. Joseph River (Lake Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Hampton_(town),_New_York=East Hampton (town), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staats_Island=Staats Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wall_Street_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=Wall Street (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prospect_Avenue_(IRT_White_Plains_Road_Line)=Prospect Avenue (IRT White Plains Road Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pelham_Parkway_(IRT_White_Plains_Road_Line)=Pelham Parkway (IRT White Plains Road Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giaginsky_District=Giaginsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mevagissey=Mevagissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Julie,_Quebec=Sainte-Julie, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deal,_Kent=Deal, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aston_Hall=Aston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Lion_Island=Sea Lion Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Island=New Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorlton-on-Medlock=Chorlton-on-Medlock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Stadium=Griffith Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Center=AT&T Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Arena=Rogers Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Valley,_Arizona=Sun Valley, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamodome=Alamodome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stephenville,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Stephenville, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Street_(MBTA_station)=Park Street (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith_River_(California)=Smith River (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klaskanine_River=Klaskanine River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clatskanie_River=Clatskanie River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buck_Island_Reef_National_Monument=Buck Island Reef National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamo_Stadium=Alamo Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatyr-Dag=Chatyr-Dag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kryukovo_District=Kryukovo District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harringay_railway_station=Harringay railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harringay_Green_Lanes_railway_station=Harringay Green Lanes railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandland=Sandland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choibalsan_(city)=Choibalsan (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhymney=Rhymney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hume_Lake=Hume Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senj=Senj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chipping_Ongar=Chipping Ongar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catford_railway_station=Catford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catford_Bridge_railway_station=Catford Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camden_Road_railway_station=Camden Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Fe_Trail=Santa Fe Trail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadarzyn=Nadarzyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyczyn=Tyczyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyeri=Nyeri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampstead_tube_station=Hampstead tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lippstadt=Lippstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackmans_Bay,_Tasmania=Blackmans Bay, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cannon_House_Office_Building=Cannon House Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kodungallur=Kodungallur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Park_railway_station=Manor Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathays=Cathays
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_River_(Bendemeer)=Macdonald River (Bendemeer)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lisvane=Lisvane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strood=Strood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester_Central_Convention_Complex=Manchester Central Convention Complex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funahashi,_Toyama=Funahashi, Toyama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twickenham_Stadium=Twickenham Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mira_Road=Mira Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengde=Chengde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monteverde=Monteverde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ogrodzieniec=Ogrodzieniec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jingzhou=Jingzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hambledon_Hill=Hambledon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Storr=The Storr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglescliffe=Eaglescliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Region_(Cameroon)=South Region (Cameroon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Pontchartrain_Causeway=Lake Pontchartrain Causeway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Drayton=West Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar=Bidar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohemian_Forest=Bohemian Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gamston,_Rushcliffe=Gamston, Rushcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopparberg=Kopparberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnano=Legnano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Derwent_Reservoir_(North_East_England)=Derwent Reservoir (North East England)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harehills=Harehills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hyde_Park,_Leeds=Hyde Park, Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halton,_Leeds=Halton, Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Swale=River Swale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isla_Aves=Isla Aves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Light_Rail_(Hong_Kong)=Light Rail (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Houghton_on_the_Hill=Houghton on the Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gwangju,_Gyeonggi=Gwangju, Gyeonggi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harold_Park=Harold Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nayland=Nayland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarton=Hungarton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi=Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parque_del_Retiro=Parque del Retiro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holywood=Holywood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eleuthera=Eleuthera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yangzhou=Yangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilava=Ilava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boothstown=Boothstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Icheon=Icheon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeoju=Yeoju
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hongseong_County=Hongseong County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geochang_County=Geochang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wishaw=Wishaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxas,_Capiz=Roxas, Capiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chesapeake_Bay_Bridge=Chesapeake Bay Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batu_Pahat=Batu Pahat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Consolidated_Mine=Consolidated Mine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkee=Kilkee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oughterard=Oughterard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzemeszno=Trzemeszno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sinj=Sinj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liscard=Liscard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haan=Haan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Chapelles=Les Chapelles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soignolles=Soignolles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arborfield=Arborfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambourn=Lambourn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tammachi_Station=Tammachi Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bratslav=Bratslav
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donnington_Castle=Donnington Castle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_Park,_Lewisham=Grove Park, Lewisham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagnor=Bagnor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turnov=Turnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Grande_Ruins_National_Monument=Casa Grande Ruins National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capriolo=Capriolo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aqrah=Aqrah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krosno_County=Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_(Potomac_River)=Rock Creek (Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minster,_Swale=Minster, Swale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muranga_County=Muranga County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warka=Warka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chirton=Chirton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ham_House=Ham House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wittenberge=Wittenberge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odiham=Odiham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seal,_Kent=Seal, Kent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beit_Lahia=Beit Lahia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winterborne_Monkton=Winterborne Monkton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westbourne_Park_tube_station=Westbourne Park tube station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_(electoral_district)=St. Paul's (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfinity_Center_(College_Park,_Maryland)=Xfinity Center (College Park, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niton=Niton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dromore,_County_Tyrone=Dromore, County Tyrone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Tay=Loch Tay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Gap=Cumberland Gap
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirovohrad=Kirovohrad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Devil's_Point=The Devil's Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmaston,_Derby=Osmaston, Derby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_London_Line=West London Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurmaston=Thurmaston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belz=Belz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guise=Guise
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_River=Grey River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callington,_Cornwall=Callington, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clock_Face,_St_Helens=Clock Face, St Helens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grose_Valley=Grose Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlake,_Los_Angeles=Westlake, Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirunelveli=Tirunelveli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batan_Island=Batan Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Assab=Assab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jotunheimen=Jotunheimen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byram,_New_Jersey=Byram, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindabella_Range=Brindabella Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byrd_Glacier=Byrd Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivas_Province=Sivas Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morgan_(Mono_County,_California)=Mount Morgan (Mono County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammersmith_Apollo=Hammersmith Apollo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feilding=Feilding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gustav_Adolf_Church,_Liverpool=Gustav Adolf Church, Liverpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muswellbrook,_New_South_Wales=Muswellbrook, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_MRT_Station=City Hall MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boon_Lay_MRT_Station=Boon Lay MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changi_Airport_MRT_Station=Changi Airport MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasir_Ris_MRT_Station=Pasir Ris MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_Bay_MRT_Station=Marina Bay MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James_Town=St. James Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orrell,_Greater_Manchester=Orrell, Greater Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Capitan_(Texas)=El Capitan (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisgah_Crater=Pisgah Crater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guangzhou_TV_Tower=Guangzhou TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Wickham=West Wickham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravensthorpe,_Northamptonshire=Ravensthorpe, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Postal_Museum=National Postal Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illinois_Route_40=Illinois Route 40
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_Mountain_State_Park=Black Rock Mountain State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollowell=Hollowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guilsborough=Guilsborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._James's_Square=St. James's Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trajan's_Bridge=Trajan's Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgravetown=Musgravetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ausable_River_(Lake_Huron)=Ausable River (Lake Huron)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough,_London=Farnborough, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Purley_on_Thames=Purley on Thames
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weiden_an_der_March=Weiden an der March
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lots_Road_Power_Station=Lots Road Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/33rd_Street_(IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line)=33rd Street (IRT Lexington Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bopal=Bopal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vogar=Vogar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longwood_Medical_Area_(MBTA_station)=Longwood Medical Area (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mykines=Mykines
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zug_Island=Zug Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Union_National_Monument=Fort Union National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowe_River=Crowe River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nicasio,_California=Nicasio, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mataram_(city)=Mataram (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Just_in_Penwith=St Just in Penwith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Cruz,_Laguna=Santa Cruz, Laguna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton-in-Furness=Dalton-in-Furness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medina_River=Medina River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillingdon=Hillingdon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Northeim=Northeim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eglinton_(TTC)=Eglinton (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayview_(TTC)=Bayview (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_(TTC)=Leslie (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dufferin_(TTC)=Dufferin (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bathurst_(TTC)=Bathurst (TTC)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancaster_House=Lancaster House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castle_Donington=Castle Donington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldman_River=Oldman River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kintra=Kintra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trutnov=Trutnov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anjar,_Lebanon=Anjar, Lebanon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainforth,_South_Yorkshire=Stainforth, South Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blue_Lake_(South_Australia)=Blue Lake (South Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluefields=Bluefields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_Bay=St. Paul's Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eskdale,_Cumbria=Eskdale, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Overseas_Highway=Overseas Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Anthony,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. Anthony, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Melbourne=Mount Melbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riom=Riom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingswood,_Gloucestershire=Kingswood, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln_Highway_(Australia)=Lincoln Highway (Australia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murray_Bridge,_South_Australia=Murray Bridge, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunung_Karang=Gunung Karang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troyan=Troyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Egglescliffe=Egglescliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eggleston=Eggleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bruckner_Expressway=Bruckner Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludworth,_County_Durham=Ludworth, County Durham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aia=Aia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frankfort,_Free_State=Frankfort, Free State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballymena=Ballymena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Museum_of_the_Confederacy=Museum of the Confederacy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptolemaida=Ptolemaida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marangaroo,_Western_Australia=Marangaroo, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anglican_Diocese_of_Southwark=Anglican Diocese of Southwark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brasserie=Brasserie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilagan=Ilagan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallions_Reach_DLR_station=Gallions Reach DLR station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Lexington_Avenue_Line=IRT Lexington Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hasty_Pudding_Club=Hasty Pudding Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmelade=Marmelade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_River_State_Park=White River State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Tacubaya=Metro Tacubaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_Tacuba=Metro Tacuba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toowong=Toowong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wigton=Wigton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mercier,_Quebec=Mercier, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penryn,_Cornwall=Penryn, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Union_Center=Times Union Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loftus,_North_Yorkshire=Loftus, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Stevens_(Oregon)=Fort Stevens (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IND_Sixth_Avenue_Line=IND Sixth Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bankya=Bankya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vakh_River=Vakh River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halfway,_Glasgow=Halfway, Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ngee_Ann_City=Ngee Ann City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embu,_Kenya=Embu, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittur=Chittur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Albans_Park,_Victoria=St Albans Park, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Bridge=Theodore Roosevelt Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Jalpaiguri_railway_station=New Jalpaiguri railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Fisher=Fort Fisher
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Macdonald=Mount Macdonald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_San_Antonio_Abad=Metro San Antonio Abad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cangzhou=Cangzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beroun=Beroun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamu=Lamu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_the_Annunciation=Cathedral of the Annunciation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bella_Bella,_British_Columbia=Bella Bella, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dromore,_County_Down=Dromore, County Down
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flattop_Mountain_(Anchorage,_Alaska)=Flattop Mountain (Anchorage, Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tule_Lake_Unit,_World_War_II_Valor_in_the_Pacific_National_Monument=Tule Lake Unit, World War II Valor in the Pacific National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brampton,_Carlisle=Brampton, Carlisle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IRT_Dyre_Avenue_Line=IRT Dyre Avenue Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross-Harbour_Tunnel=Cross-Harbour Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butterwick,_Lincolnshire=Butterwick, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardowick=Bardowick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_San_Jose=Downtown San Jose
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Market_Street_Subway=Market Street Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_railway_station=Hayes railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Interstate_581=Interstate 581
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Johns_railway_station=St Johns railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mons_Hadley=Mons Hadley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradley,_West_Midlands=Bradley, West Midlands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinidad,_Washington,_D.C.=Trinidad, Washington, D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghazipur=Ghazipur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookhall=Crookhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racquet_and_Tennis_Club=Racquet and Tennis Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaolack=Kaolack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skudai_Highway=Skudai Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westhorp=Westhorp
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumbrian_Coast_Line=Cumbrian Coast Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_Centre=Kingdom Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zibo=Zibo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarvisio=Tarvisio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mdina=Mdina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaghara=Ghaghara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carshalton_railway_station=Carshalton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waddon_railway_station=Waddon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belmont_railway_station_(Sutton)=Belmont railway station (Sutton)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mattapan=Mattapan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazaribagh=Hazaribagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huney=Huney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sault_Ste._Marie_Airport=Sault Ste. Marie Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republica_metro_station=Republica metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethnal_Green_railway_station=Bethnal Green railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Liverpool_railway_station=Liverpool railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asgarby,_Sleaford=Asgarby, Sleaford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asgarby,_Spilsby=Asgarby, Spilsby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_&_Harlington_railway_station=Hayes & Harlington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcester_Park_railway_station=Worcester Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeple_Aston=Steeple Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wertheim_am_Main=Wertheim am Main
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenny_Drayton=Fenny Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michigan_River=Michigan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunnet=Dunnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Margarets_(London)_railway_station=St Margarets (London) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitton_railway_station=Whitton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford_railway_station=Brentford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bitlis_Province=Bitlis Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Washington_Bridge_Bus_Station=George Washington Bridge Bus Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burneside_railway_station=Burneside railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Staveley_railway_station=Staveley railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxenholme=Oxenholme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensal_Rise_railway_station=Kensal Rise railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roose_railway_station=Roose railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heeley=Heeley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porcupine_Mountains=Porcupine Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Peter,_Guernsey=Saint Peter, Guernsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banaue_Rice_Terraces=Banaue Rice Terraces
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bush_Stadium=Bush Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box,_Wiltshire=Box, Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gillingham_(Kent)_railway_station=Gillingham (Kent) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Divide_Basin=Great Divide Basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prestbury,_Gloucestershire=Prestbury, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sun_Yat_Sen_Nanyang_Memorial_Hall=Sun Yat Sen Nanyang Memorial Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/XL_Center=XL Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Field_(British_Columbia)=Mount Field (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Field_Municipal_Airport=Brown Field Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurcaston=Thurcaston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reedham_(Norfolk)_railway_station=Reedham (Norfolk) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batman:_The_Ride=Batman: The Ride
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Cumberland=Lake Cumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saskatoon_Centre=Saskatoon Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Margarets_(Hertfordshire)_railway_station=St Margarets (Hertfordshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford_East_railway_station=Hertford East railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panvel=Panvel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheadle,_Greater_Manchester=Cheadle, Greater Manchester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Autoroute_5=Quebec Autoroute 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Louise_State_Park=Lake Louise State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinggan_League=Hinggan League
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moanda=Moanda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timsbury,_Hampshire=Timsbury, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khovd_(city)=Khovd (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Creek_Generating_Station=Wolf Creek Generating Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metropolitan_Life_Insurance_Company_Tower=Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harworth=Harworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spata=Spata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changzhou=Changzhou
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voghera=Voghera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qiandao_Lake=Qiandao Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Randalls_and_Wards_Islands=Randalls and Wards Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Mountains=Virginia Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheberghan=Sheberghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Route_132=Quebec Route 132
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Central=Surrey Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapuas_River=Kapuas River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Crossing_Historic_Park=Washington Crossing Historic Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Autoroute_10=Quebec Autoroute 10
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buxton,_Norfolk=Buxton, Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ya'an=Ya'an
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Derbyshire)_railway_station=Hope (Derbyshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andora=Andora
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spartan_Stadium_(East_Lansing,_Michigan)=Spartan Stadium (East Lansing, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Junction_Railroad_and_Depot_Company=Grand Junction Railroad and Depot Company
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walhalla,_Victoria=Walhalla, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Insurance_Arena=Cross Insurance Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wa_State=Wa State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ronay=Ronay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cara_Island=Cara Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arram=Arram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Park_Stadium=Centennial Park Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottaway_River=Nottaway River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moszna,_Opole_Voivodeship=Moszna, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakuru=Nakuru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marienfelde=Marienfelde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holman_Stadium_(Vero_Beach)=Holman Stadium (Vero Beach)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holman_Stadium_(Nashua)=Holman Stadium (Nashua)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuttanad=Kuttanad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Verizon_Wireless_Center=Verizon Wireless Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnborough,_Berkshire=Farnborough, Berkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altay_City=Altay City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolverton_railway_station=Wolverton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_St._Andrew_and_St._Paul=Church of St. Andrew and St. Paul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackie_Robinson_Ballpark=Jackie Robinson Ballpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_State_Penitentiary=Washington State Penitentiary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilifi=Kilifi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheadle,_Staffordshire=Cheadle, Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Runyang_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Runyang Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_West_(Metro-North_station)=Mount Vernon West (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_Cross=Waltham Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Field=AT&T Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germanton,_North_Carolina=Germanton, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballintubber=Ballintubber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Doon,_Edmonton=Bonnie Doon, Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butuan=Butuan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Llynfi=River Llynfi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournemouth_railway_station=Bournemouth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephanta_Island=Elephanta Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berrima_Correctional_Centre=Berrima Correctional Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deutsches_Stadion=Deutsches Stadion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashanti_Region=Ashanti Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pfaffenhoffen=Pfaffenhoffen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corridor_D=Corridor D
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cod_Central_Railroad=Cape Cod Central Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harlington_railway_station=Harlington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Place=Canada Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nakuru_County=Nakuru County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hacketstown=Hacketstown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Psie_Pole=Psie Pole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Indian_River_(Florida)=Indian River (Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_Scream_Machine_(Six_Flags_Great_Adventure)=Great American Scream Machine (Six Flags Great Adventure)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrer_Park_MRT_Station=Farrer Park MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aransas_National_Wildlife_Refuge=Aransas National Wildlife Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Road=Bloomfield Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardrahan=Ardrahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuzhou,_Jiangxi=Fuzhou, Jiangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Blue_Mountains=City of Blue Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrington,_Nova_Scotia=Barrington, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lindenwold_(NJT_station)=Lindenwold (NJT station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ballintober,_County_Roscommon=Ballintober, County Roscommon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palimbang,_Sultan_Kudarat=Palimbang, Sultan Kudarat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santo_Tomas,_La_Union=Santo Tomas, La Union
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busch_Stadium=Busch Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chittorgarh=Chittorgarh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southway=Southway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreray,_North_Uist=Boreray, North Uist
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly's_Island=Kelly's Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inchkeith=Inchkeith
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shivaji_Park=Shivaji Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feniton_railway_station=Feniton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton,_Guildford=Compton, Guildford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrendong_Dam=Burrendong Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/President_Roxas,_Capiz=President Roxas, Capiz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapian=Sapian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Collooney=Collooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coolaney=Coolaney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorteen=Gorteen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lochinver=Lochinver
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Perlican=Old Perlican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Les_Escoumins,_Quebec=Les Escoumins, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hebi=Hebi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Subic,_Zambales=Subic, Zambales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station_(Chicago_terminal)=Central Station (Chicago terminal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trepassey=Trepassey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Union_Station_(Massachusetts)=Springfield Union Station (Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vihiga=Vihiga
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangaroo_River_(Shoalhaven)=Kangaroo River (Shoalhaven)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiori=Maiori
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Buckland,_Devon=West Buckland, Devon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzeg_Dolny=Brzeg Dolny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabrillo_National_Monument=Cabrillo National Monument
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alliance_Municipal_Airport=Alliance Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bjelasnica=Bjelasnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nynehead=Nynehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Buckland=West Buckland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiya_(town)=Tiya (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kibeho=Kibeho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roxas,_Palawan=Roxas, Palawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Smoky_Mountains_Parkway=Great Smoky Mountains Parkway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podolin=Podolin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lienz=Lienz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carvery=Carvery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tennessee_State_Route_24=Tennessee State Route 24
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rose_Atoll=Rose Atoll
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melba_Line=Melba Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rydzyna=Rydzyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swifts_Creek=Swifts Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conestoga_River=Conestoga River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulzburg=Sulzburg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Stratford_City=Westfield Stratford City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longford,_Market_Drayton=Longford, Market Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kristiansand_Airport,_Kjevik=Kristiansand Airport, Kjevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oshikango=Oshikango
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_1A=U.S. Route 1A
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayamo=Bayamo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eisenhower_Executive_Office_Building=Eisenhower Executive Office Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstEnergy_Stadium_(Reading,_Pennsylvania)=FirstEnergy Stadium (Reading, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FirstEnergy_Park=FirstEnergy Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield,_Gloucestershire=Marshfield, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stony_Cove_Pike=Stony Cove Pike
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lakes_of_the_Clouds=Lakes of the Clouds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dutchess_Stadium=Dutchess Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Creek_Dam=Wolf Creek Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fivehead=Fivehead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Samish=Lake Samish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amykles=Amykles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miles_College=Miles College
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjong_Pagar_MRT_Station=Tanjong Pagar MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Battle_of_Britain_Monument,_London=Battle of Britain Monument, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambergate=Ambergate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llewellyn_Park=Llewellyn Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Victoria, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twickenham_Stoop=Twickenham Stoop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenspond=Greenspond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Christine,_Quebec=Sainte-Christine, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Liberal_Club=National Liberal Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Science_Center=California Science Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adoni=Adoni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortlandt_Manor,_New_York=Cortlandt Manor, New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albany_Park,_Bexley=Albany Park, Bexley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vierzon=Vierzon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petnjica=Petnjica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ingleton,_North_Yorkshire=Ingleton, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirton,_Lincolnshire=Kirton, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pier_57=Pier 57
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongsan_River=Yeongsan River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_8=Texas State Highway 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branton,_Northumberland=Branton, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon,_Northumberland=Brandon, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnt_Point,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Burnt Point, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme-on-Spalding-Moor=Holme-on-Spalding-Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Laurent,_Quebec=Saint-Laurent, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nueva_Guinea=Nueva Guinea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danapur=Danapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldborough,_North_Yorkshire=Aldborough, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/145th_Street_(IRT_Lenox_Avenue_Line)=145th Street (IRT Lenox Avenue Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butt_Memorial_Bridge=Butt Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mubarakpur=Mubarakpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisii,_Kenya=Kisii, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandwa_(community_development_block)=Chandwa (community development block)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ikast=Ikast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhutan=Bhutan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latamber=Latamber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pill,_Somerset=Pill, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taft_Bridge=Taft Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldon,_Northamptonshire=Weldon, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatrock_River=Flatrock River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Blue_Mountains_Area=Greater Blue Mountains Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henry_Ford_Hospital=Henry Ford Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radyr_railway_station=Radyr railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitchurch_(Hants)_railway_station=Whitchurch (Hants) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawaharlal_Nehru_Stadium_(Delhi)=Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium (Delhi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Diocese_of_Banja_Luka=Roman Catholic Diocese of Banja Luka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uley=Uley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordu=Ordu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossmyloof=Crossmyloof
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wayne_(SEPTA_station)=Wayne (SEPTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sent=Sent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Capital_Region_of_Denmark=Capital Region of Denmark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faro_Airport=Faro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rigolet=Rigolet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gortin=Gortin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paterson_River=Paterson River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toei_Shinjuku_Line=Toei Shinjuku Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zedlitz=Zedlitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastrington=Eastrington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Superman_Escape=Superman Escape
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burton_Constable=Burton Constable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlington_(Lancashire)_railway_station=Adlington (Lancashire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerfield=Westerfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Renan,_Switzerland=Renan, Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Living_Desert_Zoo_and_Gardens_State_Park=Living Desert Zoo and Gardens State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millers_Point,_New_South_Wales=Millers Point, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingdom_of_Serbia=Kingdom of Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Champion_Lakes,_Western_Australia=Champion Lakes, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turckheim=Turckheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meols_Cop_railway_station=Meols Cop railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riograndense_Republic=Riograndense Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanging_Rocks=Hanging Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busia_County=Busia County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapeltown_railway_station=Chapeltown railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A2_road_(Northern_Ireland)=A2 road (Northern Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amasra=Amasra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolsk=Dolsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canora,_Saskatchewan=Canora, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodfords,_California=Woodfords, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aa,_Estonia=Aa, Estonia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adderstone=Adderstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_183=Texas State Highway 183
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_Loop_12=Texas State Highway Loop 12
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philipsburg_Manor_House=Philipsburg Manor House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gymea_Bay,_New_South_Wales=Gymea Bay, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srebrenik=Srebrenik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bieszczady_Mountains=Bieszczady Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnham_railway_station=Barnham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontchartrain_Expressway=Pontchartrain Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ford_railway_station=Ford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anniesland=Anniesland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dennistoun=Dennistoun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sighthill,_Glasgow=Sighthill, Glasgow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodhouse_railway_station=Woodhouse railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentland,_Maryland=Kentland, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feckenham=Feckenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kippen=Kippen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eagle_Point_Park=Eagle Point Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twatt,_Shetland=Twatt, Shetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Badulla=Badulla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Hope_Simpson=Port Hope Simpson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wassy=Wassy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabrina_Island=Sabrina Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Area_code_246=Area code 246
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_Revere_House=Paul Revere House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_End,_Barnet=Church End, Barnet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakouma_National_Park=Zakouma National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Stromlo=Mount Stromlo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/China_Camp_State_Park=China Camp State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manzanar,_California=Manzanar, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robertson_Island=Robertson Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttress_Nunataks=Buttress Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drom=Drom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farrer_Road_MRT_Station=Farrer Road MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larkhill=Larkhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binbrook=Binbrook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Lancashire_Railway=West Lancashire Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hood_Railroad=Mount Hood Railroad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton,_Cambridgeshire=Upton, Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diddington=Diddington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heversham=Heversham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleeve_Hill=Cleeve Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hertford_North_railway_station=Hertford North railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karakul_(China)=Karakul (China)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irvine_Glacier=Irvine Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontedera=Pontedera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tartar_(city)=Tartar (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inaccessible_Islands=Inaccessible Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hearst_Greek_Theatre=Hearst Greek Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rieti=Rieti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tower_Rock=Tower Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianmen=Tianmen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_St._Josaphat=Basilica of St. Josaphat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bass_River_(Victoria)=Bass River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rocks,_South_Georgia=Black Rocks, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghaggar-Hakra_River=Ghaggar-Hakra River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendicino=Mendicino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aberfeldy,_Victoria=Aberfeldy, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panamint_City,_California=Panamint City, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisby,_South_Kesteven=Aisby, South Kesteven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Albert_Railway_Station=Mount Albert Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenlane_Railway_Station=Greenlane Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aislaby,_Scarborough=Aislaby, Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aislaby,_Ryedale=Aislaby, Ryedale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samseong_Station=Samseong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ttukseom_Station=Ttukseom Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Stanley_Airport=Port Stanley Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaimalai=Anaimalai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_5=Ontario Highway 5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altenstein=Altenstein
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary's_Church,_Handsworth=St Mary's Church, Handsworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clowne=Clowne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rhiwbina_railway_station=Rhiwbina railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gay,_West_Virginia=Gay, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacksonville,_West_Virginia=Jacksonville, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzymin=Radzymin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boughton,_Cheshire=Boughton, Cheshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoole=Hoole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xiangyang=Xiangyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fournoi_Korseon=Fournoi Korseon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Hands=Cross Hands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pearse_Park_(Longford)=Pearse Park (Longford)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincheon_Station=Sincheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Manchester_Built-up_Area=Greater Manchester Built-up Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiorenzuola_d'Arda=Fiorenzuola d'Arda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Expressway=Riverside Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirpon,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Quirpon, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golubac=Golubac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paro_Airport=Paro Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuttletown,_California=Tuttletown, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyle_railway_station=Pyle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanhope_Airport=Stanhope Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cathedral_of_Our_Lady_of_the_Assumption,_Port-au-Prince=Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Port-au-Prince
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biecz=Biecz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hayes_Volcano=Hayes Volcano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_Life_Building,_Montreal=Canada Life Building, Montreal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_West_Island=North West Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Episcopal_Diocese_of_Los_Angeles=Episcopal Diocese of Los Angeles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmill_Islands=Windmill Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_United_Church_(Scarborough)=Knox United Church (Scarborough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Commentry=Commentry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tillingham=Tillingham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cyprus,_London=Cyprus, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harstad/Narvik_Airport,_Evenes=Harstad/Narvik Airport, Evenes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machakos=Machakos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drummuir=Drummuir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Ash,_Surrey=River Ash, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humberston=Humberston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramid_Hill=Pyramid Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapperton_Railway_Tunnel=Sapperton Railway Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_India_House=East India House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Ashton=Cold Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphett_Vale,_South_Australia=Morphett Vale, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welburn,_Kirkbymoorside=Welburn, Kirkbymoorside
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welburn_(Amotherby_Ward)=Welburn (Amotherby Ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laax=Laax
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Street_railway_station=Buchanan Street railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shere=Shere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aylesby=Aylesby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Partington=Partington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tai_Lam_Tunnel=Tai Lam Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busia,_Kenya=Busia, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/English_Bazar=English Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albury,_Hertfordshire=Albury, Hertfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldbrough_St_John=Aldbrough St John
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tankwa_Karoo_National_Park=Tankwa Karoo National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apethorpe=Apethorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doxey=Doxey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langham_Place_(Hong_Kong)=Langham Place (Hong Kong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_China_Tower,_Shanghai=Bank of China Tower, Shanghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abergele_and_Pensarn_railway_station=Abergele and Pensarn railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portas=Portas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/BankUnited_Center=BankUnited Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Butterwick=West Butterwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochdale_railway_station=Rochdale railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willowbrook/Rosa_Parks_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Willowbrook/Rosa Parks (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Astley_Village=Astley Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stamata=Stamata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Awre=Awre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naples,_Long_Beach=Naples, Long Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoke_Golding=Stoke Golding
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barden,_Richmondshire=Barden, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barden,_Craven=Barden, Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmby_on_the_Marsh=Barmby on the Marsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmby_Moor=Barmby Moor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnardiston=Barnardiston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morphettville,_South_Australia=Morphettville, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seacliff_Park,_South_Australia=Seacliff Park, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley,_Suffolk=Bentley, Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolarum=Bolarum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashmar=Kashmar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zable_Stadium=Zable Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Versailles,_Louisiana=Versailles, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Martin_(Antarctica)=Mount Martin (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appley_Bridge=Appley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coopers_Town=Coopers Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blofield=Blofield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheyenne_River_Indian_Reservation=Cheyenne River Indian Reservation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cabo_Corrientes=Cabo Corrientes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton,_Cumbria=Bolton, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wave_Rock=Wave Rock
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chappell_Hill,_Texas=Chappell Hill, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughton,_Craven=Broughton, Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughton,_Ryedale=Broughton, Ryedale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulhausen,_Bas-Rhin=Mulhausen, Bas-Rhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlton,_Rothwell=Carlton, Rothwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbus_Tower_(San_Francisco)=Columbus Tower (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brigus=Brigus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacobstow=Jacobstow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sacramento_Mountains_(California)=Sacramento Mountains (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandrapur=Chandrapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_City_Hall=Cape Town City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trowell=Trowell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar_district=Bidar district
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Washington,_Virginia=Little Washington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kericho_County=Kericho County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bungoma_County=Bungoma County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakamega_County=Kakamega County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisumu_County=Kisumu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mombasa_County=Mombasa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lamu_County=Lamu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiths_Stadium=Griffiths Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cregneash=Cregneash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homa_Bay=Homa Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/11th_Street_Bridges=11th Street Bridges
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Tremblant,_Quebec=Mont-Tremblant, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Durg=Durg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-des-Anges,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-des-Anges, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ive=St Ive
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constantine_Bay=Constantine Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xfinity_Center_(Mansfield,_Massachusetts)=Xfinity Center (Mansfield, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Lancashire=Middleton, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winteringham=Winteringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osgodby,_Selby=Osgodby, Selby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Park_railway_station=Edinburgh Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Mere=Martin Mere
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vivek_Nagar=Vivek Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highcliffe=Highcliffe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gunston_Hall=Gunston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Grimstead=East Grimstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naina_Devi=Naina Devi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Lancashire_Line=East Lancashire Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mallapally=Mallapally
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague-du-Cap-Tourmente=Saint-Louis-de-Gonzague-du-Cap-Tourmente
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damai_LRT_Station,_Singapore=Damai LRT Station, Singapore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welham_Green=Welham Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colly_Township,_North_Carolina=Colly Township, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huby,_Hambleton=Huby, Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easby,_Hambleton=Easby, Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barr,_Ayrshire=Barr, Ayrshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covelli_Centre=Covelli Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broken_River_(Victoria)=Broken River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Acheul=Saint-Acheul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_Hall_and_City_Duma=City Hall and City Duma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Island_(Coral_Sea)=Willis Island (Coral Sea)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Butte_des_Morts=Lake Butte des Morts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadakkencherry=Vadakkencherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knarvik=Knarvik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calow=Calow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Faisal_Town=Shah Faisal Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Island_(Oregon)=Government Island (Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Center_(Milwaukee)=U.S. Bank Center (Milwaukee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ma'rib=Ma'rib
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malaysia=Malaysia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xingyang=Xingyang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shore_Line_Trolley_Museum=Shore Line Trolley Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Friston=Friston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saru_River=Saru River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coal_Harbour_Water_Aerodrome=Coal Harbour Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Line=Sagami Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heybridge,_Maldon=Heybridge, Maldon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campobello_di_Mazara=Campobello di Mazara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widen=Widen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vancouver_Harbour_Water_Airport=Vancouver Harbour Water Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Inner_Harbour_Airport=Victoria Inner Harbour Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Airport_Water_Aerodrome=Victoria Airport Water Aerodrome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narok=Narok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narok_County=Narok County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasrur=Pasrur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macdonald_River_(St_Albans)=Macdonald River (St Albans)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/7_Subway_Extension=7 Subway Extension
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Times_Square_Studios=Times Square Studios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/A_Capela=A Capela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_River_Light=St. Johns River Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conington,_South_Cambridgeshire=Conington, South Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tupton=Tupton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Conington,_Huntingdonshire=Conington, Huntingdonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carrara,_Queensland=Carrara, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henderson_Field_(Midway_Atoll)=Henderson Field (Midway Atoll)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billingham_railway_station=Billingham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bispham,_Blackpool=Bispham, Blackpool
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cwmafan=Cwmafan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browne_Park=Browne Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bishop_Sutton=Bishop Sutton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shildon_railway_station=Shildon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Louisa_State_Park=Lake Louisa State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirton_in_Lindsey=Kirton in Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flat_Top_Mountain_(Sitka_City_and_Borough,_Alaska)=Flat Top Mountain (Sitka City and Borough, Alaska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rockabill=Rockabill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Spring=Hill Spring
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocean_Parkway_(Brooklyn)=Ocean Parkway (Brooklyn)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kargil=Kargil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qena=Qena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shubra_El-Kheima=Shubra El-Kheima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodoo_(ski_area)=Hoodoo (ski area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coketown,_West_Virginia=Coketown, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumney,_Cardiff=Rumney, Cardiff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broughton,_Flintshire=Broughton, Flintshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunder_Nagar=Sunder Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapelton_railway_station=Chapelton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orahovica=Orahovica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barmouth_railway_station=Barmouth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutton-le-Hole=Hutton-le-Hole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shambhala_(music_festival)=Shambhala (music festival)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shoresh=Shoresh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gioiosa_Ionica=Gioiosa Ionica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bentley=Little Bentley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teggiano=Teggiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnago=Legnago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Johns_Light=St. Johns Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chew_Valley=Chew Valley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Margarita,_California=Santa Margarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_of_the_Governors=Palace of the Governors
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basrur=Basrur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowerby,_West_Yorkshire=Sowerby, West Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longnan=Longnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nizip=Nizip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vize=Vize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Island_Light=Devils Island Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sankt_Augustin=Sankt Augustin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donoughmore=Donoughmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piwnice=Piwnice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodford_railway_station=Woodford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gibraltar=Mount Gibraltar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windisch=Windisch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canton_Tower=Canton Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanih_Waiya=Nanih Waiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beaumont_Provincial_Park=Beaumont Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easington,_North_Yorkshire=Easington, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cariboo_River_Provincial_Park=Cariboo River Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Runner_Railway=Road Runner Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oughter_Ard=Oughter Ard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nunthorpe=Nunthorpe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalton-on-Tees=Dalton-on-Tees
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei_Arena=Taipei Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmeswood=Holmeswood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breezand=Breezand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Stevens_(Washington,_D.C.)=Fort Stevens (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Leavenworth_National_Cemetery=Fort Leavenworth National Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_County_Courthouse=Allegheny County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Center_at_Boca_Raton=Town Center at Boca Raton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burnside_railway_station=Burnside railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appley_Bridge_railway_station=Appley Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leadenham=Leadenham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erskine,_Western_Australia=Erskine, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austreim=Austreim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_America_(VTA)=Great America (VTA)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cross=King Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlington_(Cheshire)_railway_station=Adlington (Cheshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsetserleg_(city)=Tsetserleg (city)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chelford_railway_station=Chelford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eccles_railway_station=Eccles railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Sports_Center=Toyota Sports Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iowa_Highway_136=Iowa Highway 136
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Te_Whanganui-A-Hei_(Cathedral_Cove)_Marine_Reserve=Te Whanganui-A-Hei (Cathedral Cove) Marine Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maxdorf=Maxdorf
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dahn=Dahn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzesko=Brzesko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_City_(Booragoon)=Garden City (Booragoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okanagan_Lake_Bridge=Okanagan Lake Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanjong_Pagar_railway_station=Tanjong Pagar railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloomfield_Stadium=Bloomfield Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvedon=Kelvedon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wenecja=Wenecja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._George's,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=St. George's, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Etal=Etal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wajir=Wajir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandera=Mandera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garissa=Garissa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vohemar=Vohemar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyeri_County=Nyeri County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_8=Ontario Highway 8
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hayes=Mount Hayes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ince_(Wigan)_railway_station=Ince (Wigan) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Ascension,_Episcopal_(Manhattan)=Church of the Ascension, Episcopal (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leslie_Harrison_Dam=Leslie Harrison Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haddenham_and_Thame_Parkway_railway_station=Haddenham and Thame Parkway railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkeland,_Aust-Agder=Birkeland, Aust-Agder
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artemisa=Artemisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syvash=Syvash
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karoo_National_Park=Karoo National Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Pagoda,_Phnom_Penh=Silver Pagoda, Phnom Penh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastern_Columbia_Building=Eastern Columbia Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatfield_railway_station=Hatfield railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royston_railway_station=Royston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shelford_railway_station=Shelford railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Audley_End_railway_station=Audley End railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roydon_railway_station=Roydon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_(Flintshire)_railway_station=Hope (Flintshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tyendinaga,_Ontario=Tyendinaga, Ontario
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angarrack=Angarrack
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixways_Stadium=Sixways Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Curacoa_Island=Curacoa Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rinku_Gate_Tower_Building=Rinku Gate Tower Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wijngaarden=Wijngaarden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Harbor,_Washington=Deer Harbor, Washington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moreton_(Dorset)_railway_station=Moreton (Dorset) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angarrick=Angarrick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cave_Lake_State_Park=Cave Lake State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clara_Station_(California)=Santa Clara Station (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grande_de_Santiago_River=Grande de Santiago River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Japanese_occupation_of_Malaya=Japanese occupation of Malaya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Bay_Stadium=Nelson Mandela Bay Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erdington_railway_station=Erdington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colchester_Garrison=Colchester Garrison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Rock,_New_South_Wales=The Rock, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'t_Woud='t Woud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markinch=Markinch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenagh,_County_Leitrim=Fenagh, County Leitrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/State_Kremlin_Palace=State Kremlin Palace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melmerby,_Harrogate=Melmerby, Harrogate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoenheim=Hoenheim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gare_de_Lille_Flandres=Gare de Lille Flandres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Custom_House,_London=Custom House, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrovac,_Serbia=Petrovac, Serbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studzionka=Studzionka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Northern_Route=Great Northern Route
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilson_River_(New_South_Wales)=Wilson River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilzno=Pilzno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firs_Park=Firs Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Avenue_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Pacific Avenue (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pacific_Coast_Highway_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Pacific Coast Highway (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willow_Street_(Los_Angeles_Metro_station)=Willow Street (Los Angeles Metro station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morvern=Morvern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Polar_Basin_(Mars)=North Polar Basin (Mars)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haggs=Haggs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thredbo_River=Thredbo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CCTV_Headquarters=CCTV Headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton_Hall=Seaton Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgetown_Hospital=Georgetown Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walla_Walla,_New_South_Wales=Walla Walla, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirchhain=Kirchhain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Township,_Philadelphia_County,_Pennsylvania=Oxford Township, Philadelphia County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bantva=Bantva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sargodha_Division=Sargodha Division
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dandenong_Bypass=Dandenong Bypass
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blendworth=Blendworth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longbridge_railway_station=Longbridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castaic_Lake=Castaic Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palos_Verdes_Library_District=Palos Verdes Library District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wright_Peak=Wright Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs,_Quebec=Sainte-Anne-des-Lacs, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_Highway_23=Louisiana Highway 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marbury,_Cheshire=Marbury, Cheshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latina_(Madrid)=Latina (Madrid)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quebec_Route_116=Quebec Route 116
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zinjibar=Zinjibar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siaya_County=Siaya County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pontikos=Pontikos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scurry,_Texas=Scurry, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemesis_Inferno=Nemesis Inferno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_River_(Gloucester)=Avon River (Gloucester)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marshfield,_Newport=Marshfield, Newport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alexandreia,_Greece=Alexandreia, Greece
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Springs_Reservoir=Salt Springs Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Dam_(New_South_Wales)=Cochrane Dam (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_N_Holler=Hoot N Holler
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_East_(Metro-North_station)=Mount Vernon East (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mansfield_Woodhouse_railway_station=Mansfield Woodhouse railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vaughan_Metropolitan_Centre=Vaughan Metropolitan Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apperley_Bridge_railway_station=Apperley Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linhai=Linhai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenneth_Kaunda_International_Airport=Kenneth Kaunda International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Chester_(Metro-North_station)=Port Chester (Metro-North station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farington_railway_station=Farington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M4_Western_Motorway=M4 Western Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/M5_South_Western_Motorway=M5 South Western Motorway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seacliff,_South_Australia=Seacliff, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Auditorium=National Auditorium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RSA_Battle_House_Tower=RSA Battle House Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catwoman's_Whip=Catwoman's Whip
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandve=Sandve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cebreros=Cebreros
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamer,_Scarborough=Seamer, Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushy_Islet=Bushy Islet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bushy_Island=Bushy Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doddington,_Cambridgeshire=Doddington, Cambridgeshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Elohim=Congregation Beth Elohim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Head_Island=Turtle Head Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Island_(Newcastle_Bay)=Turtle Island (Newcastle Bay)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebastopol_(Mortar)=Sebastopol (Mortar)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Dennis,_Cornwall=St Dennis, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchans=Buchans
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Constable_Burton=Constable Burton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adony=Adony
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Easby,_Richmondshire=Easby, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teuffenthal=Teuffenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Ship_Church=Old Ship Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Theatre=Regal Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyshinsky_District=Kamyshinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Damien-de-Buckland,_Quebec=Saint-Damien-de-Buckland, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anthony_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Anthony Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Point=King's Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wensley,_North_Yorkshire=Wensley, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jules,_Quebec=Saint-Jules, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kendrick_Peak=Kendrick Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peachtree_Corners,_Georgia=Peachtree Corners, Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tickles,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Tickles, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sidhpur=Sidhpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cummingston=Cummingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerset,_South_Dakota=Summerset, South Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aalborg=Aalborg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firlej=Firlej
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelvedon_Hatch=Kelvedon Hatch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Victoria Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virgin's_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Virgin's Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kita-Senju_Station=Kita-Senju Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buchanan_Street_subway_station=Buchanan Street subway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirano=Tirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hadfield_railway_station=Hadfield railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunga,_Treshnish_Isles=Lunga, Treshnish Isles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ardenheim,_Pennsylvania=Ardenheim, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_American_Scream_Machine_(Six_Flags_Over_Georgia)=Great American Scream Machine (Six Flags Over Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hope_Island,_Queensland=Hope Island, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocese_of_Westminster=Diocese of Westminster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fen_Drayton=Fen Drayton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszewnia=Kruszewnia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Allen=St Allen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arborfield_Cross=Arborfield Cross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldstream,_British_Columbia=Coldstream, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Washington_Park_(New_York_City)=Fort Washington Park (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unguja=Unguja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalyan=Dalyan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newnansville,_Florida=Newnansville, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elmhurst_Avenue_(IND_Queens_Boulevard_Line)=Elmhurst Avenue (IND Queens Boulevard Line)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caorle=Caorle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wile_E._Coyote_Canyon_Blaster=Wile E. Coyote Canyon Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipurduar_Railway_Junction=Alipurduar Railway Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwarthirunagiri=Alwarthirunagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anandapur=Anandapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhander=Bhander
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhanvad=Bhanvad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George's_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=George's Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dharamkot=Dharamkot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duliajan_Oil_Town=Duliajan Oil Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocese_of_Aberdeen_and_Orkney=Diocese of Aberdeen and Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morgans_Hotel=Morgans Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/16th_Street_Station=16th Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cury=Cury
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mawgan-in-Meneage=Mawgan-in-Meneage
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maricourt,_Quebec=Maricourt, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautanwa=Nautanwa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Creek_(Monocacy_River)=Rock Creek (Monocacy River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Just_in_Roseland=St Just in Roseland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beryl,_Utah=Beryl, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analalava=Analalava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambanja=Ambanja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leabridge_(ward)=Leabridge (ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsinjo=Mitsinjo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besalampy=Besalampy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maintirano=Maintirano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berezovka_(airport)=Berezovka (airport)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-du-Mont-Carmel, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntingdon_(Amtrak_station)=Huntingdon (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoodoo_Mountain=Hoodoo Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kandhar=Kandhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karanjia=Karanjia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kathivakkam=Kathivakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kottivakkam=Kottivakkam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc,_Bas-Saint-Laurent,_Quebec=Sainte-Jeanne-d'Arc, Bas-Saint-Laurent, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhupur,_Deoghar=Madhupur, Deoghar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tseung_Kwan_O=Tseung Kwan O
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altentreptow=Altentreptow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manglaur=Manglaur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nagapur=Nagapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nilagiri=Nilagiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orathanadu_(Mukthambalpuram)=Orathanadu (Mukthambalpuram)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Helens_Airport=St Helens Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pattukkottai=Pattukkottai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peravurani=Peravurani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudrapur=Rudrapur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandi,_Uttar_Pradesh=Sandi, Uttar Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Pur=Sultan Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sultan_Pur_Majra=Sultan Pur Majra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sundar_Nagar=Sundar Nagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tensa=Tensa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thiruvidaimarudur=Thiruvidaimarudur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Udaipura=Udaipura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohagad=Lohagad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whirlwind_(roller_coaster)=Whirlwind (roller coaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saw_Mill_River=Saw Mill River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newport,_Quebec=Newport, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oxford_Circle,_Philadelphia=Oxford Circle, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilone_Bridge=Basilone Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pilsley,_North_East_Derbyshire=Pilsley, North East Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ragged_Islands,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ragged Islands, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Cove,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Red Cove, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheffield_City_Region=Sheffield City Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sixfields_Stadium=Sixfields Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wimmera_River=Wimmera River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlantic,_North_Carolina=Atlantic, North Carolina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Island,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Red Island, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_of_Ponds=River of Ponds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rock_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Rock Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Rocky Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulton_(North_Yorkshire)_railway_station=Moulton (North Yorkshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jonancy,_Kentucky=Jonancy, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallstadt=Hallstadt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hartha=Hartha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkeland,_Hordaland=Birkeland, Hordaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayano-Maysky_District=Ayano-Maysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andretta=Andretta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ocre=Ocre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burela=Burela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Archdiocese_of_Kingston=Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kingston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_River_(Victoria)=Rubicon River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Museum_Park=One Museum Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygi=Zygi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulau_Besar_(Malacca)=Pulau Besar (Malacca)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Hempstead_Branch=West Hempstead Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altai_City=Altai City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kerrier_Hundred=Kerrier Hundred
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westover,_Arlington,_Virginia=Westover, Arlington, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strasburg,_Germany=Strasburg, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avar_Khanate=Avar Khanate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peki'in=Peki'in
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duirinish,_Lochalsh=Duirinish, Lochalsh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Clarita,_California=Santa Clarita, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szamocin=Szamocin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Natland=Natland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sister_Islands_Conservation_Area=Sister Islands Conservation Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_Island_(Tasmania)=Sisters Island (Tasmania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sir_John_Abbott=Mount Sir John Abbott
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Steeple_Ashton=Steeple Ashton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richardson_Memorial_Stadium=Richardson Memorial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wile_E._Coyote's_Grand_Canyon_Blaster=Wile E. Coyote's Grand Canyon Blaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jerusalem_Light_Rail=Jerusalem Light Rail
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddee_Koaster=Kiddee Koaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castel_San_Giorgio=Castel San Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novi_Velia=Novi Velia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellezzano=Pellezzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polla=Polla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stio=Stio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Memorial_Bridge=Walnut Lane Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melmerby,_Richmondshire=Melmerby, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyriaki=Kyriaki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiambu_County=Kiambu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homberg,_Bern=Homberg, Bern
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batu_Kawan=Batu Kawan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoney_Middleton=Stoney Middleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hamah=Al-Hamah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hill_Mall=Chapel Hill Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitesand_Bay=Whitesand Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Buggery_(Alpine_Shire,_Victoria)=Mount Buggery (Alpine Shire, Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brazos_Country,_Texas=Brazos Country, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Diocese_of_Peterborough=Roman Catholic Diocese of Peterborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiddie_Coaster=Kiddie Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teufenthal=Teufenthal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomet=Bomet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmewood=Holmewood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiggiano=Tiggiano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Socol=Socol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilbur_Cross_Highway=Wilbur Cross Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roanoke,_West_Virginia=Roanoke, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smeeth=Smeeth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owmby_by_Spital=Owmby by Spital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Romanija=Romanija
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vampire_(roller_coaster)=Vampire (roller coaster)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grosse_Isle,_Quebec=Grosse Isle, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhall=Exhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hallington_Reservoirs=Hallington Reservoirs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homburg,_Switzerland=Homburg, Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babie=Babie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Smoky_Mountains_Expressway=Great Smoky Mountains Expressway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_President=The President
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_Beach_Public_Library=Huntington Beach Public Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Termas_del_Arapey=Termas del Arapey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pukekura=Pukekura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slieve_Gullion=Slieve Gullion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilifi_County=Kilifi County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwale_County=Kwale County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gungarlin_River=Gungarlin River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooney_Mooney_Creek,_New_South_Wales=Mooney Mooney Creek, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Katamatite=Katamatite
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwall,_Queensland=Blackwall, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cesana_Torinese=Cesana Torinese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isolabella=Isolabella
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeming,_North_Yorkshire=Leeming, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Evenk_Autonomous_Banner=Evenk Autonomous Banner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_MainPlace=Westfield MainPlace
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timsbury,_Somerset=Timsbury, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowden,_Derbyshire=Crowden, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salorno=Salorno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Corona_(planetary_geology)=Corona (planetary geology)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AT&T_Stadium=AT&T Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brez=Brez
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pellizzano=Pellizzano
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monale=Monale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carpasio=Carpasio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme,_North_Lincolnshire=Holme, North Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seneca_Creek_(North_Fork_South_Branch_Potomac_River)=Seneca Creek (North Fork South Branch Potomac River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oakridge,_Toronto=Oakridge, Toronto
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devils_Thumb=Devils Thumb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulceby,_East_Lindsey=Ulceby, East Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsh_Farm=Marsh Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fres=Fres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledringhem=Ledringhem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmate=Osmate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Embu_County=Embu County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machakos_County=Machakos County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marsabit_County=Marsabit County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Legnaro=Legnaro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canda=Canda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voghiera=Voghiera
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sielnica=Sielnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Firenzuola=Firenzuola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Butte_County,_California=Centerville, Butte County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castel_Giorgio=Castel Giorgio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lofthouse,_North_Yorkshire=Lofthouse, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Villaricca=Villaricca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware,_Warren_County,_New_Jersey=Delaware, Warren County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Giffone=Giffone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nara,_Nara=Nara, Nara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torrin=Torrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campobello_di_Licata=Campobello di Licata
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Realmonte=Realmonte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lomagna=Lomagna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bernie_Arbour_Memorial_Stadium=Bernie Arbour Memorial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qinggil_County=Qinggil County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shasta,_California=Shasta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Coast_Airport=Whitsunday Coast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voras_Mountains=Voras Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arichat,_Nova_Scotia=Arichat, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mooney_Mooney_Creek=Mooney Mooney Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yampil,_Vinnytsia_Oblast=Yampil, Vinnytsia Oblast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee_Mountain_Ski_Area=Shawnee Mountain Ski Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Little Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miami_Correctional_Facility=Miami Correctional Facility
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isiolo_County=Isiolo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lashenden_(Headcorn)_Airfield=Lashenden (Headcorn) Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guysborough,_Nova_Scotia_(community)=Guysborough, Nova Scotia (community)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stargard_County=Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hamidiyah=Al-Hamidiyah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_Democratic_Republic=Hungarian Democratic Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzeg_County=Brzeg County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grantham_Hospital=Grantham Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robert_R._Blacker_House=Robert R. Blacker House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southern_Lakes_(electoral_district)=Southern Lakes (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Vic_Theatre=The Vic Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Michael's_Church_(99th_Street,_Manhattan)=St. Michael's Church (99th Street, Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_&_Ohio_Railroad_Station,_Philadelphia=Baltimore & Ohio Railroad Station, Philadelphia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nyamira_County=Nyamira County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brightons=Brightons
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lax,_Switzerland=Lax, Switzerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme_on_the_Wolds=Holme on the Wolds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Dalton=South Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajiado_County=Kajiado County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tada,_Andhra_Pradesh=Tada, Andhra Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bont_Newydd_railway_station=Bont Newydd railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_au_Port,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Port au Port, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cynwyd_railway_station=Cynwyd railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagami_Railway_Main_Line=Sagami Railway Main Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_George's_Cathedral,_London=St George's Cathedral, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rissani=Rissani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fremont,_Yolo_County,_California=Fremont, Yolo County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_Baptist_Church=Riverside Baptist Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Billabong_Creek_(Junee)=Billabong Creek (Junee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czeremcha,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czeremcha, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurelwood,_Oregon=Laurelwood, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malczyce=Malczyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taipei_Dome=Taipei Dome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carleton,_North_Yorkshire=Carleton, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sonqor_County=Sonqor County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viens,_Vaucluse=Viens, Vaucluse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Windmill_Island=Windmill Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basilica_of_Sant'Ambrogio=Basilica of Sant'Ambrogio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drenovci=Drenovci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myall_River=Myall River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Island_(Fortune),_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Green Island (Fortune), Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Green_Island_(Catalina),_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Green Island (Catalina), Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Metro_San_Antonio=Metro San Antonio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McClellan_Airfield=McClellan Airfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_at_Mill_Creek=The Mall at Mill Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madura,_Western_Australia=Madura, Western Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hawthorne_Industrial_Airport=Hawthorne Industrial Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panamint_Springs,_California=Panamint Springs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baladeh,_Mazandaran=Baladeh, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clogherhead=Clogherhead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trevarno,_Cornwall=Trevarno, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Moore=Fort Moore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kitui_County=Kitui County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vihiga_County=Vihiga County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanshan_District,_Shenzhen=Nanshan District, Shenzhen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sakaser=Sakaser
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Homa_Bay_County=Homa Bay County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mezhyrich=Mezhyrich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grafton_Bridge,_New_South_Wales=Grafton Bridge, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garissa_County=Garissa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandera_County=Mandera County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wajir_County=Wajir County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwith_railway_station=Bramwith railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casapueblo=Casapueblo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swedbank_Stadion=Swedbank Stadion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angram,_Richmondshire=Angram, Richmondshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marrangaroo,_New_South_Wales=Marrangaroo, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apple_Bowl=Apple Bowl
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paradise_Inn_(Washington)=Paradise Inn (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Lake_Butte_des_Morts=Little Lake Butte des Morts
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binczarowa=Binczarowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_City_Municipal_Airport=Forest City Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yonggwang_County=Yonggwang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jermantown,_Virginia=Jermantown, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosong_County=Kosong County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laindon=Laindon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyonggang_County=Pyonggang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sepo_County=Sepo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donard=Donard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vrin=Vrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnie_Lake_(Alberta)=Bonnie Lake (Alberta)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gbely=Gbely
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quirpon_Island=Quirpon Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovensko=Rovensko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bramwith_(WR&G)_railway_station=Bramwith (WR&G) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farmborough=Farmborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ampang_LRT_Station=Ampang LRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhander_Plateau=Bhander Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barby_Nortoft=Barby Nortoft
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_Dam=Ross Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulmierzyce=Sulmierzyce
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniewice=Czerniewice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babsk=Babsk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anarcs=Anarcs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stainforth,_North_Yorkshire=Stainforth, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swinden=Swinden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coketon,_West_Virginia=Coketon, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wookey=Wookey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Park,_New_South_Wales=Douglas Park, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ongar,_Essex=Ongar, Essex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_Islands=Passage Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swan_Islands,_Falkland_Islands=Swan Islands, Falkland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_London=Westfield London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Charles_River=Saint-Charles River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samatra=Samatra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudland_Bridge_railway_station=Maudland Bridge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukagawa_Station=Fukagawa Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seamer,_Hambleton=Seamer, Hambleton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mittenwald=Mittenwald
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chilean_Antarctic_Territory=Chilean Antarctic Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beacon_Fell,_Lancashire=Beacon Fell, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaburze=Zaburze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kreuzberg_Saddle=Kreuzberg Saddle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton_Stoney=Middleton Stoney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme_Wood=Holme Wood
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Cabuyao=Mount Cabuyao
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Ararat=Little Ararat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chettikulam=Chettikulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borownica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Borownica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orehovica,_Croatia=Orehovica, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kardla=Kardla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kastrup_Station=Kastrup Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clairemont,_San_Diego=Clairemont, San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angel_Fire_Resort=Angel Fire Resort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trowse=Trowse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Choral_Synagogue=Great Choral Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Yansky_District=Ust-Yansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_South_Airport=Smolensk South Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smolensk_North_Airport=Smolensk North Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alsagers_Bank=Alsagers Bank
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Harrogate=Middleton, Harrogate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coldbath_Fields_Prison=Coldbath Fields Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Coolum,_Queensland=Mount Coolum, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushetunk_Mountain=Cushetunk Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busan_Lotte_Town_Tower=Busan Lotte Town Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Senlac_No._411=Rural Municipality of Senlac No. 411
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shenzhen_Railway_Station=Shenzhen Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kumili=Kumili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Langdon_Hills=Langdon Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Palatine_Forest=Upper Palatine Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thousand_Island_Lake=Thousand Island Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banner_Peak=Banner Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bomet_County=Bomet County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_El_Plomo=Cerro El Plomo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grouse_Mountain_(California)=Grouse Mountain (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnestone,_Dover=Goodnestone, Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodnestone,_Swale=Goodnestone, Swale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Mall_at_Turtle_Creek=The Mall at Turtle Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Washington_Park_Race_Track=Washington Park Race Track
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleeve,_Somerset=Cleeve, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mountain_(Belfast)=Black Mountain (Belfast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niederhorn=Niederhorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ruskie=Ruskie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brach=Brach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Puerco_(Rio_Grande)=Rio Puerco (Rio Grande)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Ryedale=Middleton, Ryedale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wintringham=Wintringham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Planned_high-speed_rail_by_country=Planned high-speed rail by country
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Station,_Chicago=Central Station, Chicago
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hohberghorn=Hohberghorn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Allen_Building=Van Allen Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenville-sur-la-Rouge,_Quebec=Grenville-sur-la-Rouge, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lummus_Park_Historic_District=Lummus Park Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bermuda_Hundred,_Virginia=Bermuda Hundred, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhaodong=Zhaodong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cann_River=Cann River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Mateo_Creek_(San_Francisco_Bay_Area)=San Mateo Creek (San Francisco Bay Area)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathuile=Lathuile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegowo=Strzegowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Road_Town=Old Road Town
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorpe,_East_Riding_of_Yorkshire=Thorpe, East Riding of Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thorpe_le_Street=Thorpe le Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ross_River_Dam=Ross River Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westfield_Garden_City=Westfield Garden City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrave_Park_Hospital=Musgrave Park Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lathom_House=Lathom House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graystones=Graystones
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Akasaka-mitsuke_Station=Akasaka-mitsuke Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Union_Station_(Illinois)=Springfield Union Station (Illinois)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Recz=Recz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton_Ross=Seaton Ross
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seaton,_East_Riding_of_Yorkshire=Seaton, East Riding of Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Islip_(LIRR_station)=Central Islip (LIRR station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Business_District,_Saskatoon=Central Business District, Saskatoon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chapel_Hills_Mall=Chapel Hills Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawa-I-Barakzayi_District=Nawa-I-Barakzayi District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_City_Hall=Newcastle City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nekla=Nekla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opalenica=Opalenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakliczyn=Zakliczyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieszkowice=Mieszkowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balmore=Balmore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Marble_Cemetery=New York Marble Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myszyniec=Myszyniec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorzele=Chorzele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Acadie_(electoral_district)=Acadie (electoral district)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Lawrence_Bay=St Lawrence Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jutrosin=Jutrosin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielichowo=Wielichowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koprzywnica=Koprzywnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kkachisan_Station=Kkachisan Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrave_Harbour=Musgrave Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzanowice=Krzanowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centennial_Stadium=Centennial Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherpur_Sadar_Upazila=Sherpur Sadar Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherpur_Upazila=Sherpur Upazila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dhaka_Kotwali_Thana=Dhaka Kotwali Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramna_Thana=Ramna Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Mountain_(Oxford_County,_Maine)=Elephant Mountain (Oxford County, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczytna=Szczytna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowary=Kowary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loxahatchee_River=Loxahatchee River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North_Dalton=North Dalton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Historic_Centre_of_Saint_Petersburg_and_Related_Groups_of_Monuments=Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozdnica=Gozdnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zwolle,_Gelderland=Zwolle, Gelderland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/1_Wall_Street_Court=1 Wall Street Court
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaoli=Jaoli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbrooke=Sudbrooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piechowice=Piechowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunfair,_California=Sunfair, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunfair_Heights,_California=Sunfair Heights, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tootsi=Tootsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Truskolasy,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Truskolasy, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rurka,_Gryfino_County=Rurka, Gryfino County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marynowo=Marynowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuzla_Island=Tuzla Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arnold's_Cove_Station=Arnold's Cove Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biscay_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Biscay Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Washington_(Amtrak_station)=Centralia, Washington (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westside_Tennis_Club=Westside Tennis Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armanian=Armanian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown's_Hotel=Brown's Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryina_roshcha_District=Maryina roshcha District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawinigan_railway_station=Shawinigan railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yutian_County,_Hebei=Yutian County, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lunga,_Slate_Islands=Lunga, Slate Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wusterhausen=Wusterhausen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouldsboro,_Pennsylvania=Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huntington_(Amtrak_station)=Huntington (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regal_Mountain=Regal Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knight's_Hill_(West_Norwood)=Knight's Hill (West Norwood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centralia,_Illinois_(Amtrak_station)=Centralia, Illinois (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bower=Mount Bower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Tower_(Sacramento)=U.S. Bank Tower (Sacramento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sangkhom_District=Sangkhom District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchiennes=Marchiennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helmstadt-Bargen=Helmstadt-Bargen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denkingen=Denkingen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sincheon-dong,_Seoul=Sincheon-dong, Seoul
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John's_Health_Center=Saint John's Health Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regions_Field=Regions Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeddah_TV_Tower=Jeddah TV Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teesside_power_station=Teesside power station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quevedos=Quevedos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalrigh=Dalrigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Khom_District=Sang Khom District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ice_Fjord=Ice Fjord
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grey_Glacier=Grey Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Tower_(building)=Bell Tower (building)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilnwick=Kilnwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilnwick_Percy=Kilnwick Percy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Josephine_(Minnesota)=Mount Josephine (Minnesota)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troutbeck,_Eden=Troutbeck, Eden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Cross,_Constantine=High Cross, Constantine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Cross,_Truro=High Cross, Truro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winter_Park_(Amtrak_station)=Winter Park (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsetserleg,_Arkhangai=Tsetserleg, Arkhangai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Bruno,_Baja_California_Sur=San Bruno, Baja California Sur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antsalova=Antsalova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okeechobee_(Amtrak_station)=Okeechobee (Amtrak station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norris_Point=Norris Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambilobe=Ambilobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andapa=Andapa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalaha=Antalaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambava=Sambava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bealanana=Bealanana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandritsara=Mandritsara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morafenobe=Morafenobe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soalala=Soalala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Befandriana-Avaratra=Befandriana-Avaratra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pointe-aux-Trembles=Pointe-aux-Trembles
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Marcos_Station=San Marcos Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Graton_Rancheria=Graton Rancheria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meliana=Meliana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musgrove_Park_Hospital=Musgrove Park Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shakar_Dara=Shakar Dara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valancia=Valancia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapperton,_Gloucestershire=Sapperton, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asbury,_New_Jersey=Asbury, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aldansky_District=Aldansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somala=Somala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Pleasant_Valley_Hospital=St. John's Pleasant Valley Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Medical_Center_(California)=St. John's Regional Medical Center (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulley=Ulley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonnechere_Provincial_Park=Bonnechere Provincial Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howsham_railway_station,_North_Yorkshire=Howsham railway station, North Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Point_Shoal_Light=Sandy Point Shoal Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Regional_Medical_Center_(Missouri)=St. John's Regional Medical Center (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrington_Passage,_Nova_Scotia=Barrington Passage, Nova Scotia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Time_Warner_Cable_Amphitheater=Time Warner Cable Amphitheater
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beverly_Heights,_Edmonton=Beverly Heights, Edmonton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ebbsfleet,_Thanet=Ebbsfleet, Thanet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dellach=Dellach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/CPR_Station_(Saskatoon)=CPR Station (Saskatoon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuangqiao_District,_Chongqing=Shuangqiao District, Chongqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bad_Bleiberg=Bad Bleiberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paternion=Paternion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chartiers_Creek=Chartiers Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunyang_County=Yunyang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Temple_Mountain=Temple Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailhac=Mailhac
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Route_4=Delaware Route 4
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swainby=Swainby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willis_Islands=Willis Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grass_Island,_South_Georgia=Grass Island, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erdenheim,_Pennsylvania=Erdenheim, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fordon,_East_Riding_of_Yorkshire=Fordon, East Riding of Yorkshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jason_Peak=Jason Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Bay_(South_Georgia)=Rocky Bay (South Georgia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_railway_line,_New_South_Wales=Newcastle railway line, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hernhill=Hernhill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ephraim_Hawley_House=Ephraim Hawley House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Macquarie_Rivulet=Macquarie Rivulet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walham_Green=Walham Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock,_South_Georgia=Black Rock, South Georgia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victory_Monument_(Chicago)=Victory Monument (Chicago)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarnawa_Dolna=Tarnawa Dolna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canada_House=Canada House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islay_Province=Islay Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pabay=Pabay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longay=Longay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Canobolas=Lake Canobolas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/35_East_Wacker=35 East Wacker
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuday=Fuday
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilean_Chaluim_Chille=Eilean Chaluim Chille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Presidential_Palace,_Zagreb=Presidential Palace, Zagreb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattriss_Head=Nattriss Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nattriss_Point=Nattriss Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Texas_State_Highway_Loop_20=Texas State Highway Loop 20
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Eccleston=Great Eccleston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chah_Dadkhoda_District=Chah Dadkhoda District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/R390_road_(Ireland)=R390 road (Ireland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Broadway=West Broadway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barn_Bluff=Barn Bluff
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Gay_Hussar=The Gay Hussar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erie_Land_Light=Erie Land Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galaha=Galaha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parson's_Pond=Parson's Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Sugar_Creek=Big Sugar Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_MacKenzie=Mount MacKenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orci=Orci
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Medipalle=Medipalle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiradi=Shiradi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crowhurst,_Surrey=Crowhurst, Surrey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ontario_Highway_3B=Ontario Highway 3B
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_City_Marble_Cemetery=New York City Marble Cemetery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yellow_Rock,_New_South_Wales_(Blue_Mountains)=Yellow Rock, New South Wales (Blue Mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Tennent=Mount Tennent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grose_Vale,_New_South_Wales=Grose Vale, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pooles_Island_Light=Pooles Island Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bauline=Bauline
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noves=Noves
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg_Brothers_Department_Store=Rosenberg Brothers Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitehouse,_New_Jersey=Whitehouse, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Islip_(LIRR_station)=Islip (LIRR station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_83_in_Texas=U.S. Route 83 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_59_in_Texas=U.S. Route 59 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_281_in_Texas=U.S. Route 281 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_77_in_Texas=U.S. Route 77 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_84_in_Texas=U.S. Route 84 in Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soignolles-en-Brie=Soignolles-en-Brie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Cedar_Point_Light=Lower Cedar Point Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breitscheidt=Breitscheidt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khovd,_Khovd=Khovd, Khovd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlsberg,_Germany=Carlsberg, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaniuki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kaniuki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadzieja,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Nadzieja, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okalew,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Okalew, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagrera_railway_station=Sagrera railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Journey_to_the_Center_of_the_Earth_(attraction)=Journey to the Center of the Earth (attraction)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulford=Pulford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tara_Hill,_County_Wexford=Tara Hill, County Wexford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Maurepas=Fort Maurepas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bau-Bau=Bau-Bau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apperley_Bridge=Apperley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominica=Dominica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_College_Avenue=McGill College Avenue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dickel=Dickel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cuckoo_Line=Cuckoo Line
http://dbpedia.org/resource/48_Wall_Street=48 Wall Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mpack,_Senegal=Mpack, Senegal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Daiichi_Nuclear_Power_Plant=Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fukushima_Daini_Nuclear_Power_Plant=Fukushima Daini Nuclear Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deer_Harbour=Deer Harbour
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moffat_Library=Moffat Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nirvan=Nirvan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliffe_Vale,_Staffordshire=Cliffe Vale, Staffordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodale_State_Park=Goodale State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westgate_Center=Westgate Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cove_Lake_State_Park=Cove Lake State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/'t_Woudt='t Woudt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lough_Tay=Lough Tay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Llandow=Llandow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreraig=Boreraig
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Binarowa=Binarowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bennewitz=Bennewitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allex=Allex
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher's_Fields=Fletcher's Fields
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eriska=Eriska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probasco_Fountain=Probasco Fountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Barn=New Barn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wentworth_Estate=Wentworth Estate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longa_Island=Longa Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valea_Floriilor_River=Valea Floriilor River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Centre_Park=Town Centre Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jewelers_Building_(1882)=Jewelers Building (1882)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aurora_(Erie_Railroad_station)=Aurora (Erie Railroad station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nelson_Mandela_Bridge=Nelson Mandela Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trois-Rives,_Quebec=Trois-Rives, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillborough=Hillborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawtooth_Peak=Sawtooth Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbriar_Mall=Greenbriar Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wells_Fargo_Building_(Portland,_Oregon)=Wells Fargo Building (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodale_Park=Goodale Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port-Salut=Port-Salut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbarn=Newbarn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Lake_(British_Columbia)=Elk Lake (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Connewarre=Lake Connewarre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunda=Hunda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Gulf_State_Park_(Missouri)=Grand Gulf State Park (Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yanzhou_District=Yanzhou District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugge_railway_station=Brugge railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valea_Florilor_River=Valea Florilor River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blossom_Hill_(Caltrain_station)=Blossom Hill (Caltrain station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waterloo_Interchange_(Hutt_Central)_Railway_Station=Waterloo Interchange (Hutt Central) Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Limelight_(Belfast)=The Limelight (Belfast)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Harbour_(British_Columbia)=Victoria Harbour (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kiszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Worcestershire=Clifton, Worcestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box_Hill,_Wiltshire=Box Hill, Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolmer_Hill=Woolmer Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allington,_North_Wiltshire=Allington, North Wiltshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beck_Foot=Beck Foot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beckfoot=Beckfoot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkenside,_Midlothian=Birkenside, Midlothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boothtown=Boothtown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Auchenreoch=Auchenreoch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozica,_Croatia=Kozica, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Cleeve=Old Cleeve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Croaghaun=Croaghaun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midhirst=Midhirst
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirkstead=Kirkstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Caldwell,_Derbyshire=Caldwell, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Linton=West Linton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojanowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Trojanowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boswin=Boswin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boswyn=Boswyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ralph_Johnson_Bunche_House=Ralph Johnson Bunche House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Choral_Synagogue=Grand Choral Synagogue
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malborough=Malborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winsford,_Somerset=Winsford, Somerset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pambar_River=Pambar River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valea_Mare_River=Valea Mare River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twatt,_Orkney=Twatt, Orkney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Space_Mountain_(Disneyland)=Space Mountain (Disneyland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Spring,_Pennsylvania=Silver Spring, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hambach,_Germany=Hambach, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choibalsan_(sum)=Choibalsan (sum)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Columbia_Canal=Columbia Canal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappointment_Mountain=Disappointment Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coonagh,_Limerick_City=Coonagh, Limerick City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altai,_Govi-Altai=Altai, Govi-Altai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breiwick=Breiwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marulan_Parish=Marulan Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radcliffe_Power_Station=Radcliffe Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mszana=Mszana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hampstead_Gardens,_South_Australia=Hampstead Gardens, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lambourne=Lambourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ledinghem=Ledinghem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maracena=Maracena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morval=Morval
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pommier=Pommier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Le_Quesnoy-en-Artois=Le Quesnoy-en-Artois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krug_Park_(amusement_park)=Krug Park (amusement park)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redefin=Redefin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Ybor_City=History of Ybor City
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kemnitz=Kemnitz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vadakkaanchery=Vadakkaanchery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oldany_Island=Oldany Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton_House_(Seneca_Falls,_New_York)=Elizabeth Cady Stanton House (Seneca Falls, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Mills_Bridge_(New_York)=Halls Mills Bridge (New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jackson_Covered_Bridge=Jackson Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oru_Parish=Oru Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Las_Gallinas,_California=Las Gallinas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_St._George,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Cape St. George, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Uphill=Uphill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sough,_Lancashire=Sough, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_County_wine=Mendocino County wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Ann's_Hospital,_Dorset=St Ann's Hospital, Dorset
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanze=Lanze
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_Ridge_AVA=Mendocino Ridge AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royton_railway_station=Royton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pylle_railway_station=Pylle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoltenberg=Stoltenberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Husby,_Germany=Husby, Germany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cirat=Cirat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogagua_Lake=Rogagua Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogaguado_Lake=Rogaguado Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dreggers=Dreggers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walterston=Walterston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Theatre=Miller Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pozharsky_District=Pozharsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Palacios=Los Palacios
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Hun=River Hun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woolwich_railway_station=Woolwich railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guisa=Guisa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daejeon_Station=Daejeon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mendocino_AVA=Mendocino AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wuhan_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Wuhan Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Summerstown,_London=Summerstown, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorrigo_Plateau=Dorrigo Plateau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crookstown,_County_Cork=Crookstown, County Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumyk=Strumyk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemielno=Jemielno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrafirth=Burrafirth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buscot=Buscot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shin-Marunouchi_Building=Shin-Marunouchi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczyty,_Opole_Voivodeship=Szczyty, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Vale_of_White_Horse=Milton, Vale of White Horse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadakkancherry=Wadakkancherry
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Fisht=Mount Fisht
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maudlands_railway_station=Maudlands railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Hill=Brandon Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Santa_Maria_Airport_(Sergipe)=Santa Maria Airport (Sergipe)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomaszowice=Tomaszowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindister,_West_Mainland=Brindister, West Mainland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Michael's_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Michael's Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Disappointment_Island=Disappointment Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debdeb=Debdeb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Reno_No._51=Rural Municipality of Reno No. 51
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodday,_Sound_of_Barra=Flodday, Sound of Barra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nave_Island=Nave Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_BCA_Center=The BCA Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newtown,_Chester=Newtown, Chester
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandusky,_Ohio=Sandusky, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stenness=Stenness
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakethin_Reservoir=Bakethin Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sky_Gardens=Sky Gardens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petrovac,_Bosnia_and_Herzegovina=Petrovac, Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmaston,_Derbyshire_Dales=Osmaston, Derbyshire Dales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Jude_Medical_Center=St. Jude Medical Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Piapot_No._110=Rural Municipality of Piapot No. 110
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Georgia_(U.S._state)_wine=Georgia (U.S. state) wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_wine=Delaware wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montana_wine=Montana wine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Island,_Falkland_Islands=East Island, Falkland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emirate_of_Afghanistan=Emirate of Afghanistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alta,_California=Alta, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Excideuil=Excideuil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eastgate_Square=Eastgate Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Concorde_Tower=Concorde Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sudbrook,_Lincolnshire=Sudbrook, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Hills=Crow Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Junction_railway_station=Abingdon Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sebseb=Sebseb
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dunstable=Dunstable
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azy=Azy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrowyck,_New_South_Wales=Yarrowyck, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Namal=Namal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lago_di_Val_Viola=Lago di Val Viola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Grove_Weir=Cedar Grove Weir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Pocket_Dam=Cedar Pocket Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliso_Creek_(Orange_County)=Aliso Creek (Orange County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beardy_Waters=Beardy Waters
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jintang_Island=Jintang Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Mark's_Episcopal_Church_(Washington,_D.C.)=St. Mark's Episcopal Church (Washington, D.C.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masada_(kibbutz)=Masada (kibbutz)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Encantada=La Encantada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Wolseley_No._155=Rural Municipality of Wolseley No. 155
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barique=Barique
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Horn,_Kentucky=Elk Horn, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarkad,_Hungary=Sarkad, Hungary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrowitch,_New_South_Wales=Yarrowitch, New South Wales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hab=Hab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/California_Shenandoah_Valley_AVA=California Shenandoah Valley AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manchester,_Indiana=Manchester, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southwest,_Indiana=Southwest, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph,_Floyd_County,_Indiana=Saint Joseph, Floyd County, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osgodby,_Scarborough=Osgodby, Scarborough
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baradero=Baradero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oso_Creek=Oso Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coliban_River=Coliban River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Building_(Baltimore)=Bank of America Building (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Box,_Gloucestershire=Box, Gloucestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Far_Cotton=Far Cotton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Pierre,_Quebec=Saint-Pierre, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sherdi=Sherdi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kansai-kan_of_the_National_Diet_Library=Kansai-kan of the National Diet Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chezelle=Chezelle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Hospitalet,_Alpes-de-Haute-Provence=L'Hospitalet, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hazaribagh_Thana=Hazaribagh Thana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Three_Parallel_Rivers_of_Yunnan_Protected_Areas=Three Parallel Rivers of Yunnan Protected Areas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jacks_Mountain=Jacks Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albert_Road_Bridge_Halt_railway_station=Albert Road Bridge Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portsmouth_(Lancs)_railway_station=Portsmouth (Lancs) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chance_Cove=Chance Cove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_le_Pierre=Grand le Pierre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millertown=Millertown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Perlican=New Perlican
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Brook,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=South Brook, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Witless_Bay,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Witless Bay, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lohr,_Bas-Rhin=Lohr, Bas-Rhin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agris=Agris
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madera_AVA=Madera AVA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thurlaston,_Leicestershire=Thurlaston, Leicestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Neuvicq=Neuvicq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambron=Cambron
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rushton,_Northamptonshire=Rushton, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Canari=Canari
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Brion,_West_Virginia=O'Brion, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsam_Mountain_(Ulster_County,_New_York)=Balsam Mountain (Ulster County, New York)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fussy=Fussy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darois=Darois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Cassagne=La Cassagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornille=Cornille
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monsec=Monsec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mancenans-Lizerne=Mancenans-Lizerne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courdimanche-sur-Essonne=Courdimanche-sur-Essonne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourdeaux=Bourdeaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otse=Otse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bavinchove=Bavinchove
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pussay=Pussay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse=Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Longeville=La Longeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longeville=Longeville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vennes=Vennes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dernancourt=Dernancourt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farringdon_Halt_railway_station=Farringdon Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabastens=Rabastens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Park_Railway_Station,_Gracefield=Hutt Park Railway Station, Gracefield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huby,_Harrogate=Huby, Harrogate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kweneng=Kweneng
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambanja_District=Ambanja District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senonnes=Senonnes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cassagne=Cassagne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lhor=Lhor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Township,_Clark_County,_Kansas=Lexington Township, Clark County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balsam_Lake_Mountain=Balsam Lake Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sturgeon_Lake_First_Nation=Sturgeon Lake First Nation
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hutt_Park_Railway_Station,_Petone=Hutt Park Railway Station, Petone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morsiglia=Morsiglia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paynton=Paynton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lempdes-sur-Allagnon=Lempdes-sur-Allagnon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Junien-les-Combes=Saint-Junien-les-Combes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mailhac-sur-Benaize=Mailhac-sur-Benaize
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rabastens-de-Bigorre=Rabastens-de-Bigorre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seich=Seich
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faure_Islands=Faure Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray-la-Ville=Gray-la-Ville
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatton_of_Fintray=Hatton of Fintray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerto_Rico_Highway_1=Puerto Rico Highway 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-de-Livoye=Notre-Dame-de-Livoye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germiny=Germiny
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomblaine=Tomblaine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coulours=Coulours
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Valmunster=Valmunster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volmunster=Volmunster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walnut_Lane_Bridge=Walnut Lane Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarmacha=Yarmacha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lempdes=Lempdes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenville,_Quebec=Grenville, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Repel=Repel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montcenis=Montcenis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Edmond=Saint-Edmond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bethabara_Moravian_Church=Bethabara Moravian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perry_Vale=Perry Vale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andapa_District=Andapa District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antalaha_District=Antalaha District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sambava_District=Sambava District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vohemar_District=Vohemar District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mandritsara_District=Mandritsara District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Befandriana-Nord_District=Befandriana-Nord District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Analalava_District=Analalava District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bealanana_District=Bealanana District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nansha_District=Nansha District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zengcheng_District=Zengcheng District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sagano_Scenic_Railway=Sagano Scenic Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Courdimanche=Courdimanche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louvres=Louvres
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Chapelle,_Savoie=La Chapelle, Savoie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand-Couronne=Grand-Couronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moulineaux=Moulineaux
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petit-Couronne=Petit-Couronne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrhill,_South_Ayrshire=Barrhill, South Ayrshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peyrole=Peyrole
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayrum=Ayrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karchaghbyur=Karchaghbyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmarashen=Marmarashen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soalala_District=Soalala District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mitsinjo_District=Mitsinjo District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kineton_railway_station=Kineton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Wells_Fargo_Center=One Wells Fargo Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antsalova_District=Antsalova District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Besalampy_District=Besalampy District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maintirano_District=Maintirano District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morafenobe_District=Morafenobe District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rounds_Mountain=Rounds Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lemington_Power_Station=Lemington Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boulder_Lake=Boulder Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandy_Lake,_Minnesota=Sandy Lake, Minnesota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambia,_Mahabo=Ambia, Mahabo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Meadows_Reservoir=French Meadows Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Seven=River Seven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davis,_Saskatchewan=Davis, Saskatchewan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/London_Gateway=London Gateway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Onondaga_Park=Onondaga Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Bank_Plaza_(Sacramento)=U.S. Bank Plaza (Sacramento)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkare_Woods,_California=Kilkare Woods, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tissamaharama=Tissamaharama
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Irving_Glacier_(Antarctica)=Irving Glacier (Antarctica)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Smithfield=East Smithfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cottam,_Nottinghamshire=Cottam, Nottinghamshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Arlington=The Arlington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daynah=Daynah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_City_Hall_(Guelph)=Old City Hall (Guelph)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elizabeth_Cady_Stanton_House_(Tenafly,_New_Jersey)=Elizabeth Cady Stanton House (Tenafly, New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_California=Laurel, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsons_Harbour,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Parsons Harbour, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesa_Grande=Mesa Grande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prade=Prade
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oswego_Lake=Oswego Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scania=Scania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadobrova=Zadobrova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vilafranca=Vilafranca
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryston_railway_station=Ryston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolferton_railway_station=Wolferton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lawson_Nunataks=Lawson Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peninsula_Link=Peninsula Link
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Schulenburg,_Texas=Schulenburg, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunia_Camp,_Hawaii=Kunia Camp, Hawaii
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Energy_Tower_(Houston)=Devon Energy Tower (Houston)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont,_Capitale-Nationale,_Quebec=Clermont, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Ange-Gardien,_Outaouais,_Quebec=L'Ange-Gardien, Outaouais, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/L'Ange-Gardien,_Capitale-Nationale,_Quebec=L'Ange-Gardien, Capitale-Nationale, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Mease=River Mease
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maiden_Island=Maiden Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Compton,_Waverley=Compton, Waverley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ange-Gardien,_Quebec=Ange-Gardien, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cauldwell,_Derbyshire=Cauldwell, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Josaphat_Cathedral=St. Josaphat Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuba,_California=Yuba, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Divide_Peak_(Tulare_County,_California)=Triple Divide Peak (Tulare County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narewka=Narewka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mackintosh=Mount Mackintosh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitchurch_Town_railway_station=Whitchurch Town railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sindorim-dong=Sindorim-dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang-dong=Hang-dong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tritriva=Tritriva
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gusin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadjezierze,_Otwock_County=Nadjezierze, Otwock County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ambia,_Ihosy=Ambia, Ihosy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glanford_Brigg_Power_Station=Glanford Brigg Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Philadelphia_Municipal_Airport=Philadelphia Municipal Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brandon_Plantation_(Halifax_County,_Virginia)=Brandon Plantation (Halifax County, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_John's_Jerusalem=St John's Jerusalem
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iakora_District=Iakora District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ihosy_District=Ihosy District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ivohibe_District=Ivohibe District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Fifth_Avenue_Plaza=Bank of America Fifth Avenue Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenacres,_California=Greenacres, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grenada=Grenada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faroe_Islands=Faroe Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eritrea=Eritrea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Savana=Savana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Arm=Aaron Arm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Island=Aaron Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasnensky_District=Krasnensky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Henley,_Suffolk=Henley, Suffolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madinaguda=Madinaguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slieve_Gallion=Slieve Gallion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thomas_Fenner_House=Thomas Fenner House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Volta_Laboratory_and_Bureau=Volta Laboratory and Bureau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Street_Station=South Street Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wensley,_Derbyshire=Wensley, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moande=Moande
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clear_Fork,_West_Virginia=Clear Fork, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gondo,_Central_African_Republic=Gondo, Central African Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_Prestonpans,_East_Lothian=Preston, Prestonpans, East Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Plaza=River Plaza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lulkowo=Lulkowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ayding_Lake=Ayding Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blyth_Power_Station=Blyth Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izvoarele,_Giurgiu=Izvoarele, Giurgiu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tapton,_Derbyshire=Tapton, Derbyshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Serugudi=Serugudi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middle_Rocks=Middle Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cold_Aston=Cold Aston
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_In_Hand=Cross In Hand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Duraj=Duraj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nymboida_River=Nymboida River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Art_Museum_of_China=National Art Museum of China
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universalist_Society_Meetinghouse=Universalist Society Meetinghouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richland,_Indiana=Richland, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rome,_Indiana=Rome, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burrell,_California=Burrell, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Callington,_South_Australia=Callington, South Australia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klingle_Valley_Bridge=Klingle Valley Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairmount,_New_Jersey=Fairmount, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Aqueduct=Avon Aqueduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royston_and_Notton_railway_station=Royston and Notton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Angeles_Stadium=Los Angeles Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuxpan,_Jalisco=Tuxpan, Jalisco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bonza=Bonza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/HathiTrust=HathiTrust
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Latambar=Latambar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Downtown_Clinton_Historic_District=Downtown Clinton Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riverside_County_Library_System=Riverside County Library System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Rock_Halt_railway_station=Black Rock Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Lake=Austin Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Goszczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_de_Asis_Mission_Church=San Francisco de Asis Mission Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniester_Hydroelectric_Station=Dniester Hydroelectric Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorton-Greene_House=Gorton-Greene House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dewey,_Utah=Dewey, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudunki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rudunki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajetanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kajetanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobielice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kobielice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czekanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czekanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszyny,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kruszyny, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gortatowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gortatowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karbowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karbowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niewierz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Niewierz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzozie,_Brodnica_County=Brzozie, Brodnica County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koziary,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Koziary, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Budziszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujawa,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kujawa, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzygi,_Brodnica_County=Strzygi, Brodnica County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obi,_Nigeria=Obi, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodniczka,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Brodniczka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciche,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ciche, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godziszka,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Godziszka, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szramowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szramowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanyang_County=Shanyang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarvis_Bay=Jarvis Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dents_Blanches=Dents Blanches
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Belknap_(Texas)=Fort Belknap (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Reptowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aleksandrowiec,_Gmina_Dobrcz=Aleksandrowiec, Gmina Dobrcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drzewianowo,_Bydgoszcz_County=Drzewianowo, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salno,_Bydgoszcz_County=Salno, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srebrnica,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Srebrnica, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuszyny,_Bydgoszcz_County=Tuszyny, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Januszkowo,_Bydgoszcz_County=Januszkowo, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolankowo,_Bydgoszcz_County=Kolankowo, Bydgoszcz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maksymilianowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maksymilianowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ouangolodougou,_Ivory_Coast=Ouangolodougou, Ivory Coast
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strzelewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielonczyn,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zielonczyn, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otorowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Otorowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorzuchowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gorzuchowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybieniec,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rybieniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodzone,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rodzone, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomin,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radomin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Orlando_Wheel=Great Orlando Wheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Qiniya=Ein Qiniya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourdough_Lodge=Sourdough Lodge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Hermanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Jankowice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nowe Jankowice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Mosty=Nowe Mosty
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rychnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Widlice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mleczkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mleczkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klepary=Klepary
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cykowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Cykowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rycerzewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rycerzewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziaki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Budziaki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdaleniec,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Magdaleniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiek_Wielki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Osiek Wielki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rucewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rucewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalin,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Chalin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Glewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbyszewo=Zbyszewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walentowo,_Lipno_County=Walentowo, Lipno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karnkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolankowo,_Lipno_County=Kolankowo, Lipno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suminek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suminek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunnan_District=Hunnan District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artimet=Artimet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khachaghbyur=Khachaghbyur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marmashen=Marmashen
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mets_Ayrum=Mets Ayrum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlinek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Berlinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wysoki_Most,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wysoki Most, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchary,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suchary, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszewko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobieszewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromadno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gromadno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadwigowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jadwigowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlinek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Orlinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SkyPoint=SkyPoint
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salut=Salut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevaqar=Sevaqar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevkar=Sevkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tsav,_Armenia=Tsav, Armenia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przysiek,_Gmina_Dobre=Przysiek, Gmina Dobre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bycz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bycz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gradowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Palczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwilno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kwilno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skibin=Skibin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galonki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Galonki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paniewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Paniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okalewo=Okalewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoraczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoraczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dworzysko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dworzysko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topolinek,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Topolinek, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biechowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Biechowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Siemkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabijak,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zabijak, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagniewko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bagniewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browina,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Browina, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzywna,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grzywna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawra,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nawra, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijaszkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kijaszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedwabno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jedwabno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanino,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopanino, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeczno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeczno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszewice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silno,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Silno, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szerokie,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szerokie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willington_(Bedfordshire)_railway_station=Willington (Bedfordshire) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bladowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_Lasem,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pod Lasem, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzozie,_Tuchola_County=Brzozie, Tuchola County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Passage_Island,_Falkland_Islands=Passage Island, Falkland Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchucin,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchucin, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motyl,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Motyl, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grochowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grochowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przymuszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przymuszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieszczyce,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wieszczyce, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trutnowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trutnowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczuplinki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szczuplinki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartoszewice,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bartoszewice, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzciano,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzciano, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boniewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Boniewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuczyna,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kuczyna, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machnacz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Machnacz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alford_Town_railway_station=Alford Town railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waltham_railway_station=Waltham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmatsalu=Ilmatsalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roela=Roela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czepiec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czepiec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowiczki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wilkowiczki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabianki,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Fabianki, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modzerowo,_Gmina_Izbica_Kujawska=Modzerowo, Gmina Izbica Kujawska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzewie,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krzewie, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juncewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Juncewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obiecanowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Obiecanowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubcz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubcz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzym,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rzym, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roane,_Virginia=Roane, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scotland_Landing,_Virginia=Scotland Landing, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Richmond,_Virginia=Port Richmond, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnsons_Corner,_Virginia=Johnsons Corner, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulceby,_North_Lincolnshire=Ulceby, North Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mielenko,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mielenko, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyjma,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przyjma, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starczewo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Starczewo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samostrzel,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Samostrzel, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzicz,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radzicz, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowiska,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchowiska, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawroniec,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gawroniec, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzciany,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzciany, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzyszkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Borzyszkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalkowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dalkowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorotowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dorotowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florianowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Florianowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratowo,_Kuyavian-Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ratowo, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alwarthirunagar=Alwarthirunagar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakowiska,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Rakowiska, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sycyna,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Sycyna, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Droblin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Droblin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przychody,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Przychody, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kijowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlas,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Podlas, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadrzecze,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Nadrzecze, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczyce,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Rzeczyce, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzywice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Krzywice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garakan=Garakan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westlinton=Westlinton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarniak,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Sarniak, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poczekajka,_Gmina_Ruda-Huta=Poczekajka, Gmina Ruda-Huta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chylin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Chylin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Terenin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Terenin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Turowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Bielin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obrowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Obrowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielaki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Pielaki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkowice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Turkowice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borownica,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Borownica, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pikule,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Pikule, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinie,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Malinie, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potok_Wielki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Potok Wielki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brusturi,_Bihor=Brusturi, Bihor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirali=Sirali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adugodi=Adugodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frontera_Hidalgo=Frontera Hidalgo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Diocese_of_Lucknow_of_the_Church_of_North_India=Diocese of Lucknow of the Church of North India
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel,_Oregon=Laurel, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dworzyska,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Dworzyska, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majdan_Krynicki,_Krasnystaw_County=Majdan Krynicki, Krasnystaw County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchy,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Mchy, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrzyca,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Ostrzyca, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliniska,_Krasnystaw_County=Gliniska, Krasnystaw County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzowiec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Bzowiec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Joanin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Joanin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozieniec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kozieniec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowina,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wierzchowina, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zofipole,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Zofipole, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lynemouth_power_station=Lynemouth power station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerkiesy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czerkiesy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazurki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Mazurki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubinowo=Lubinowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopytkowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kopytkowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polkowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Polkowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barszczewo,_Gmina_Choroszcz=Barszczewo, Gmina Choroszcz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czaplino,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czaplino, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krynice,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Krynice, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letniki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Letniki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marynki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Marynki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieczonka,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Pieczonka, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalesiany,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Zalesiany, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stelmachowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Stelmachowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurowce,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Jurowce, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybniki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Rybniki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaniuki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kaniuki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Laszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatiron_Building_(San_Francisco)=Flatiron Building (San Francisco)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Holmes=Mount Holmes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letart,_West_Virginia=Letart, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lewki,_Bielsk_County=Lewki, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasynki,_Bielsk_County=Pasynki, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bodaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekluki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Siekluki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sielc,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Sielc, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domanowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Domanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersnowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kiersnowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietraszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Pietraszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszele,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Koszele, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paszkowszczyzna,_Bielsk_County=Paszkowszczyzna, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Falki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ignatki,_Bielsk_County=Ignatki, Bielsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczepany,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szczepany, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szpaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szpaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czachy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerwonki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czerwonki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kownatki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kownatki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikuty,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Mikuty, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okrasin,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Okrasin, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racibory,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Racibory, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciszewo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Ciszewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuligi,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kuligi, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turczyn,_Grajewo_County=Turczyn, Grajewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzury,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bzury, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policzna,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Policzna, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimochy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Cimochy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwanki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Iwanki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokowe,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bokowe, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnatowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Gnatowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golanki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Golanki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurkowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kurkowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosochate=Rosochate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziski,_Kolno_County=Budziski, Kolno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cwaliny,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Cwaliny, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimna,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Zimna, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burzyn,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Burzyn, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyliny,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Chyliny, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarzyce,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Konarzyce, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czartoria,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czartoria, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podosie,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Podosie, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Sulki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzewo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Krzewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doliwy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Doliwy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierciszewo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Wierciszewo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzie,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kuzie, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulesze,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kulesze, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budne,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Budne, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnystok,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Czarnystok, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunty,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Zygmunty, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekle,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Rekle, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyszowate,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Wyszowate, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wysoki_Most,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Wysoki Most, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zelwa,_Sejny_County=Zelwa, Sejny County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orlinek,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Orlinek, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciemno,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Ciemno, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrowola,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Dobrowola, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zdrapy,_Lublin_County=Zdrapy, Lublin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzynice=Skrzynice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moszna,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Moszna, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szerokie,_Lublin_County=Szerokie, Lublin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawka,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kawka, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degucie,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Degucie, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Dubowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryki,_Siemiatycze_County=Bryki, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bujaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klepacze,_Siemiatycze_County=Klepacze, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziadkowice,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Dziadkowice, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamianki,_Siemiatycze_County=Kamianki, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabarka,_Gmina_Nurzec-Stacja=Grabarka, Gmina Nurzec-Stacja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piszczatka,_Siemiatycze_County=Piszczatka, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobyla,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kobyla, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruzy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kruzy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laskowszczyzna,_Siemiatycze_County=Laskowszczyzna, Siemiatycze County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budno,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Budno, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Teolin,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Teolin, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymaki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szymaki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniuszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Koniuszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bieniasze,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bieniasze, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kula,_Bulgaria=Kula, Bulgaria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jemieliste,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Jemieliste, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszczewo,_Gmina_Jeleniewo=Leszczewo, Gmina Jeleniewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kruszki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szkocja,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Szkocja, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaletnik,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kaletnik, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobusy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Kobusy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosiorki,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Kosiorki, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuczyn,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Kuczyn, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojanowo,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Trojanowo, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujny,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Bujny, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chomice=Chomice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waniewo,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Waniewo, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryki,_Wysokie_Mazowieckie_County=Bryki, Wysokie Mazowieckie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrochy,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Dobrochy, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stryjki,_Podlaskie_Voivodeship=Stryjki, Podlaskie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieczulice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nieczulice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokiciny,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rokiciny, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokity,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rokity, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Soszyce,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Soszyce, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wargowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Barnowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Barnowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraszew,_Brzeziny_County=Kraszew, Brzeziny County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Congregation_Beth_Israel_West_Side_Jewish_Center=Congregation Beth Israel West Side Jewish Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cranmore,_Sligo=Cranmore, Sligo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provanhall=Provanhall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Artamet=Artamet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wansford_Road_railway_station=Wansford Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamilew,_Kutno_County=Kamilew, Kutno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stradzew,_Kutno_County=Stradzew, Kutno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byszew=Byszew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gajew,_Kutno_County=Gajew, Kutno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronno=Bronno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mauritania=Mauritania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Muar_District=Muar District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Morgan_(Inyo_County,_California)=Mount Morgan (Inyo County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalovly=Chalovly
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forth_Banks_Power_Station=Forth Banks Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Martin_House=Aaron Martin House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aaron_Martin_Houses=Aaron Martin Houses
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Digov=Digov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Street_(MBTA_Green_Line_%22C%22_Branch_station)=St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line "C" Branch station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haylands=Haylands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avun=Avun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deman=Deman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voytala=Voytala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oytala=Oytala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalovlu=Chalovlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulibenka=Kulibenka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vov=Vov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modrzewek,_Opoczno_County=Modrzewek, Opoczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Syski,_Opoczno_County=Syski, Opoczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szadkowice,_Opoczno_County=Szadkowice, Opoczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinka,_Gmina_Zadzim=Grabinka, Gmina Zadzim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrzanowice,_Radomsko_County=Chrzanowice, Radomsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karkoszki,_Radomsko_County=Karkoszki, Radomsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fryszerka,_Radomsko_County=Fryszerka, Radomsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzymiec,_Rawa_County=Rzymiec, Rawa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turobowice,_Rawa_County=Turobowice, Rawa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrzanowice,_Sieradz_County=Chrzanowice, Sieradz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamilew,_Sieradz_County=Kamilew, Sieradz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devon_Tower=Devon Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzewisko,_Sieradz_County=Borzewisko, Sieradz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinka,_Gmina_Warta=Grabinka, Gmina Warta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapowiednik=Zapowiednik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzymiec,_Skierniewice_County=Rzymiec, Skierniewice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabiszew,_Zgierz_County=Grabiszew, Zgierz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stary_Gaj,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Stary Gaj, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biesiadki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Biesiadki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijany,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kijany, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cisownik,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Cisownik, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliksin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Feliksin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podosie,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Podosie, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwacz,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Karwacz, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kownatki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kownatki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchocin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Suchocin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamony,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Salamony, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerekiew,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Cerekiew, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gierczyce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Gierczyce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciechomin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Ciechomin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyska,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wilczyska, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipnica_Dolna,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Lipnica Dolna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chrostowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Chrostowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadole,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Zadole, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozdziele,_Bochnia_County=Rozdziele, Bochnia County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadowniki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jadowniki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczmiska,_Opole_Lubelskie_County=Karczmiska, Opole Lubelskie County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufczyn,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Sufczyn, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biesiadki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Biesiadki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regulice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Regulice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuzie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Kuzie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblasy,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Oblasy, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamierz,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Adamierz, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opoka,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Opoka, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Bronice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadurki,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Sadurki, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroszyn,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Jaroszyn, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubasz,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubasz, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchy_Grunt,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Suchy Grunt, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabrnie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zabrnie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babiniec,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Babiniec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korczyna,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Korczyna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podskale,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podskale, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyska,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilczyska, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dominikowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Dominikowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozdziele,_Gorlice_County=Rozdziele, Gorlice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bodaki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Bodaki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Janisze,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Janisze, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczmiska,_Ryki_County=Karczmiska, Ryki County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zalesie-Kolonia,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Zalesie-Kolonia, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylezin,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wylezin, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusocice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Rusocice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zofipole,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zofipole, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minkowice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Minkowice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszyce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Goszyce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzezice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Brzezice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morawica,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Morawica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prawda,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Prawda, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Barbarka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Kopanka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kacice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Kacice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prandocin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Prandocin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krynice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Krynice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojanowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Trojanowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabowica,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Grabowica, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kniazie,_Gmina_Susiec=Kniazie, Gmina Susiec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszele,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Koszele, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowisko,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilkowisko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makowica,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Makowica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekierczyna,_Limanowa_County=Siekierczyna, Limanowa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronie,_Limanowa_County=Stronie, Limanowa County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkoszowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Parkoszowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlesice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podlesice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antolka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Antolka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boczkowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Boczkowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marchocice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Marchocice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suminek,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Suminek, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzyworzeka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Krzyworzeka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelna,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jelna, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulczyn,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kulczyn, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Tropie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamnica,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jamnica, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barnowiec,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Barnowiec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maszkowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Maszkowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mszanna,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Mszanna, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilsko,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Bilsko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchawa,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Suchawa, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podrzecze,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podrzecze, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciche,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciche, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podszkle,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Podszkle, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orawka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Orawka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czartoria,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Czartoria, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipnica_Wielka,_Nowy_Targ_County=Lipnica Wielka, Nowy Targ County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotlice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kotlice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harklowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Harklowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnystok,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Czarnystok, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaskale,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zaskale, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olewin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Olewin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podwysokie,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Podwysokie, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalinowice,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Kalinowice, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieprzec,_Lublin_Voivodeship=Wieprzec, Lublin Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milonki=Milonki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podchybie,_Olkusz_County=Podchybie, Olkusz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okupniki,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Okupniki, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Strzegowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabagnie,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Zabagnie, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniusza,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Koniusza, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wronin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieczonogi,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Pieczonogi, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golanka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Golanka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromnik,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Gromnik, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichwin,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Lichwin, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wola_Lubecka,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wola Lubecka, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burzyn,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Burzyn, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietrzychowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wietrzychowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faliszowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Faliszowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siedliszowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Siedliszowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Dwory,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Dwory, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebnik,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Izdebnik, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podchybie,_Wadowice_County=Podchybie, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaszczurowa,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jaszczurowa, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miejsce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Miejsce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spytkowice,_Wadowice_County=Spytkowice, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stronie,_Wadowice_County=Stronie, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lgota,_Wadowice_County=Lgota, Wadowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobranowice,_Wieliczka_County=Dobranowice, Wieliczka County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabawa,_Wieliczka_County=Zabawa, Wieliczka County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawczyce,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Jawczyce, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieznanowice,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Nieznanowice, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kietlice=Kietlice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemienna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Krzemienna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Izdebki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Klecie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podgrodzie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Podgrodzie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borszowice,_Gmina_Imielno=Borszowice, Gmina Imielno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morawsko,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Morawsko, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korzenica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Korzenica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laszki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Laszki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokietnica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Rokietnica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipnica_Dolna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Lipnica Dolna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radkowice,_Kielce_County=Radkowice, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harklowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Harklowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szyszczyce,_Kielce_County=Szyszczyce, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kupno,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Kupno, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilcza_Wola,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Wilcza Wola, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barwinek,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Barwinek, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czeremcha,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Czeremcha, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipowica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Lipowica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietrzno,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Wietrzno, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszyn,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Dobieszyn, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korczyna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Korczyna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilcza,_Kielce_County=Bilcza, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widacz,_Krosno_County=Widacz, Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrocanka,_Krosno_County=Wrocanka, Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzianka,_Krosno_County=Bzianka, Krosno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbrza,_Kielce_County=Zbrza, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywianka,_Kielce_County=Pokrzywianka, Kielce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajdy,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Bajdy, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pierzchnica=Pierzchnica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybne,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Rybne, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelna,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jelna, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Folwarki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Folwarki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokrzyca,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Mokrzyca, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sople,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Sople, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Surowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamek=Adamek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabrnie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Zabrnie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowosielec,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Nowosielec, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryczki,_Gmina_Harasiuki=Ryczki, Gmina Harasiuki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Kopki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinianka,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Glinianka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniuszki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Koniuszki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniusza,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Koniusza, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasice,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Krasice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaje,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Gaje, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowaliki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Kowaliki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wlonice,_Gmina_Wojciechowice=Wlonice, Gmina Wojciechowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikulice,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Mikulice, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manasterz,_Przeworsk_County=Manasterz, Przeworsk County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzczonowice,_Ostrowiec_County=Krzczonowice, Ostrowiec County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurzacze,_Ostrowiec_County=Kurzacze, Ostrowiec County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinik,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Glinik, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aisby,_West_Lindsey=Aisby, West Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takkar=Takkar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heythrop=Heythrop
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Falls_Reservoir=Falls Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_railway_station=Appleton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Marriott_No._317=Rural Municipality of Marriott No. 317
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jones_Street=Jones Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Foster=Mount Foster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/High_Ongar=High Ongar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Francisco_Bay_Area=San Francisco Bay Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogue_River_(South_Yamhill_River)=Rogue River (South Yamhill River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Cyprien,_Bas-Saint-Laurent,_Quebec=Saint-Cyprien, Bas-Saint-Laurent, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghada=Aghada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerwona_Wola,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Czerwona Wola, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malinie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Malinie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_(Suffolk)_railway_station=Bentley (Suffolk) railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilsons_River_(New_South_Wales)=Wilsons River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_River_(Wollongong)=Avon River (Wollongong)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul_Street_(MBTA_Green_Line_%22B%22_Branch_station)=St. Paul Street (MBTA Green Line "B" Branch station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywianka,_Sandomierz_County=Pokrzywianka, Sandomierz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilcza,_Sandomierz_County=Bilcza, Sandomierz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radkowice,_Starachowice_County=Radkowice, Starachowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbrza,_Starachowice_County=Zbrza, Starachowice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Palmer_House_(Portland,_Oregon)=John Palmer House (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Damien,_Quebec=Saint-Damien, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Clock_Tower=Montreal Clock Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Republic_of_the_Congo=Republic of the Congo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodday_near_Vatersay=Flodday near Vatersay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orrell_Park=Orrell Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciudad_Hidalgo,_Chiapas=Ciudad Hidalgo, Chiapas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pine_Hill,_California=Pine Hill, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King's_Mill,_Castle_Donington=King's Mill, Castle Donington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luliang_County=Luliang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraha,_Bheri=Baraha, Bheri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasiel,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jasiel, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurowce,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jurowce, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olchowa,_Sanok_County=Olchowa, Sanok County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Granicznik,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Granicznik, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzaki,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Krzaki, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tropie,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Tropie, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Babica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baryczka,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Baryczka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaszczurowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jaszczurowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazowa,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jazowa, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knapy,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Knapy, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamnica,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Jamnica, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szlachecka,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Szlachecka, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tarnowska_Wola,_Podkarpackie_Voivodeship=Tarnowska Wola, Podkarpackie Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadford,_County_Limerick=Broadford, County Limerick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cornwall_Church=Cornwall Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whitsunday_Airport=Whitsunday Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_Haven,_Virginia=Bell Haven, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peacock_Hill,_Virginia=Peacock Hill, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivanna,_Virginia=Rivanna, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McGill_Street_(Montreal)=McGill Street (Montreal)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Spytkowice,_Nowy_Targ_County=Spytkowice, Nowy Targ County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toporzysko,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Toporzysko, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wieprzec,_Lesser_Poland_Voivodeship=Wieprzec, Lesser Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pnie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pnie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Przybyszew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemiradz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Siemiradz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dobieszyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabagnie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Zabagnie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Altgeld_Hall=Altgeld Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olszowe,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Olszowe, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rykaczewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rykaczewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustynowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Faustynowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gostomin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gostomin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rembowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koziczyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Koziczyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Przybyszewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dudka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliksin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Feliksin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebnik,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Izdebnik, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanaty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wanaty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zygmunty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Zygmunty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samogoszcz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Samogoszcz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalonka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kalonka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzisz,_Garwolin_County=Godzisz, Garwolin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emerytka=Emerytka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobusy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kobusy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazurki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Mazurki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prandocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Prandocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skruda,_Garwolin_County=Skruda, Garwolin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pod_Lasem,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pod Lasem, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skrzany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podczachy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Podczachy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krubin,_Gostynin_County=Krubin, Gostynin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osmolin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Osmolin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waliszew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Waliszew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziszyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Budziszyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drwalewice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Drwalewice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drwalew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Drwalew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machcin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Machcin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modrzewina,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Modrzewina, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dylew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dylew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kaplin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wodziczna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wodziczna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Promnik,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Promnik, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cychry,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cychry, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Biskupice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Nowe Biskupice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Biskupice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Stare Biskupice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przejazd,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Przejazd, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabowska_Wola,_Kozienice_County=Grabowska Wola, Kozienice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczkowice_Dolne,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilczkowice Dolne, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczowola,_Kozienice_County=Wilczowola, Kozienice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzciany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzciany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Suchocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rynia,_Legionowo_County=Rynia, Legionowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krubin,_Legionowo_County=Krubin, Legionowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzeszew,_Legionowo_County=Skrzeszew, Legionowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babilon,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Babilon, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boiska-Kolonia,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Boiska-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadkowice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sadkowice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Maysky_District=Ust-Maysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Aldansky_District=Ust-Aldansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowosielec,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Nowosielec, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Klimy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mszanna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Mszanna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Franopol,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Franopol, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obiecanowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Obiecanowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biernaty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Biernaty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pienice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pienice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylinek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kobylinek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pruszki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Pruszki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyliny,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Chyliny, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Makowica,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Makowica, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kulki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrogosty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dobrogosty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szpaki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szpaki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unikowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Unikowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Niemyje,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Stare Niemyje, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzcianka-Kolonia,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzcianka-Kolonia, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bobin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damiany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Damiany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchcice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Suchcice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaorze,_Gmina_Czerwin=Zaorze, Gmina Czerwin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golanka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Golanka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krysiaki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Krysiaki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozwory,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rozwory, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowce,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Borowce, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budne,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Budne, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzbenin,_Gmina_Troszyn=Dzbenin, Gmina Troszyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sielc,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sielc, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gadka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gadka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sufczyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sufczyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Victoria_Dock_railway_station=Victoria Dock railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chitre=Chitre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palace_%22Ukraine%22=Palace "Ukraine"
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours,_Quebec=Notre-Dame-de-Bonsecours, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kopki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinianka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Glinianka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciszyca,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ciszyca, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lesznowola,_Piaseczno_County=Lesznowola, Piaseczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopana,_Piaseczno_County=Kopana, Piaseczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Racibory,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Racibory, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wylezin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wylezin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cybulin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanigowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kanigowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasotki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Lasotki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worowice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Worowice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemczewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Niemczewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkanowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilkanowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodziska,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Grodziska, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Czerniewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcikowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Barcikowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziarnowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dziarnowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobierniki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kobierniki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromierz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bromierz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzywanice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Krzywanice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marcjanka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Marcjanka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Grodkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niedarzyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Niedarzyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarbiewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sarbiewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karnkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Karnkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekluki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Siekluki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poczernin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Poczernin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymaki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szymaki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojny,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wojny, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaniewek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Domaniewek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szamoty,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szamoty, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rembielin,_Przasnysz_County=Rembielin, Przasnysz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosmowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kosmowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostkowo,_Przasnysz_County=Rostkowo, Przasnysz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cichowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cichowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwacz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Karwacz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Klewki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Mchowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliniec,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gliniec, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wistka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wistka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozwady,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rozwady, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jamki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozieniec,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kozieniec, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koryciska,_Przysucha_County=Koryciska, Przysucha County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzynno,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skrzynno, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kacice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kacice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piskornia,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Piskornia, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzepowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzepowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Strzegocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiedrzyn,_Radom_County=Kiedrzyn, Radom County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godzisz,_Radom_County=Godzisz, Radom County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanna_Park=Hanna Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroszki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jaroszki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zadobrze,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Zadobrze, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Glinice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilczna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerekiew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Cerekiew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakrzewska_Wola,_Radom_County=Zakrzewska Wola, Radom County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachy,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Czachy, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koszewnica,_Siedlce_County=Koszewnica, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skupie,_Siedlce_County=Skupie, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziomaki,_Siedlce_County=Ziomaki, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimonty,_Siedlce_County=Klimonty, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnoty,_Siedlce_County=Czarnoty, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukawki,_Siedlce_County=Kukawki, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raczyny,_Siedlce_County=Raczyny, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Golice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pruszyn,_Siedlce_County=Pruszyn, Siedlce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedlina,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jedlina, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachorowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Czachorowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozdowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gozdowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogienice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rogienice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bryski,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bryski, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borkowo_Wielkie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Borkowo Wielkie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisielewo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kisielewo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agnieszkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Agnieszkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoczkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skoczkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaptury,_Sochaczew_County=Kaptury, Sochaczew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Olszynki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Olszynki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowa_Sucha,_Sochaczew_County=Nowa Sucha, Sochaczew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antosin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Antosin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachowa,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dachowa, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Garnek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skorupki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Skorupki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolne_Pole,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dolne Pole, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kostki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilcza_Wola,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wilcza Wola, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadolna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Nadolna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipienice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Lipienice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westpoort=Westpoort
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogarth_railway_station=Gogarth railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bronisze,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bronisze, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawczyce,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jawczyce, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cholewy,_Warsaw_West_County=Cholewy, Warsaw West County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Topolin,_Warsaw_West_County=Topolin, Warsaw West County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komory,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Komory, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paplin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Paplin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brzuza,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Brzuza, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Twarogi=Twarogi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrzoski,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wrzoski, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miednik,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Miednik, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Sulki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trojany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trojany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobczyn,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Dobczyn, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzcinka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Trzcinka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciemne,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ciemne, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadwinin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Jadwinin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczepanek,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Szczepanek, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuchlin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Tuchlin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Barcice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anastazew,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Anastazew, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Policzna,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Policzna, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baryczka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Baryczka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wysocin,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wysocin, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleje,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Kaleje, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubowidz,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Lubowidz, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rynowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Rynowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronka,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Wronka, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seroki,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Seroki, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutkowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Gutkowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziemiany,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ziemiany, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bednary,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Bednary, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budy_Wolskie,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Budy Wolskie, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miedniewice,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Miedniewice, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_King_Charles_the_Martyr,_Falmouth=Church of King Charles the Martyr, Falmouth
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangan=Kangan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waiau_River_(Gisborne)=Waiau River (Gisborne)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raymond_Theatre=Raymond Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/West_Kowloon_Terminus=West Kowloon Terminus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gulangyu_Subdistrict=Gulangyu Subdistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pusey,_Oxfordshire=Pusey, Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chongqing_World_Financial_Center=Chongqing World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tianjin_World_Financial_Center=Tianjin World Financial Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aycliffe_railway_station=Aycliffe railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strata_SE1=Strata SE1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aynho_for_Deddington_railway_station=Aynho for Deddington railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aynho_Park_railway_station=Aynho Park railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flatwood,_Kentucky=Flatwood, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Northumberland=Middleton, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_St._Francis_Shangri-La_Place=The St. Francis Shangri-La Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mackenzie=Mount Mackenzie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notton_and_Royston_railway_station=Notton and Royston railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baraha,_Sagarmatha=Baraha, Sagarmatha
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hang_Dong_Subdistrict=Hang Dong Subdistrict
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shkrel=Shkrel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_House=City House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Santo_Tomas=Mount Santo Tomas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaorze,_Gmina_Goworowo=Zaorze, Gmina Goworowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilton_power_stations=Wilton power stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Patuxet_tribe=Patuxet tribe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holy_Trinity_Ukrainian_Orthodox_Cathedral=Holy Trinity Ukrainian Orthodox Cathedral
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milfield=Milfield
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shawnee_Peak_Ski_Area=Shawnee Peak Ski Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bardowiek=Bardowiek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Coulee_No._136=Rural Municipality of Coulee No. 136
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lac-Simon,_Outaouais,_Quebec=Lac-Simon, Outaouais, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horton,_Northumberland=Horton, Northumberland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumbeg,_Sutherland=Drumbeg, Sutherland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbost,_Loch_Harport=Carbost, Loch Harport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbost,_Portree=Carbost, Portree
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Musick,_West_Virginia=Musick, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bacon_Hills=Bacon Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eaglesfield,_Cumbria=Eaglesfield, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/American_Samoa=American Samoa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crystal_Hills=Crystal Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ringsend,_Coleraine=Ringsend, Coleraine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morton_Lochs=Morton Lochs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Federation_of_Rhodesia_and_Nyasaland=Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Coxs_Creek_(Belfield,_New_South_Wales)=Coxs Creek (Belfield, New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melila=Melila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sirpa=Sirpa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kachi=Kachi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mesquite_Hills=Mesquite Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Paul's_by-the-sea_Protestant_Episcopal_Church=St. Paul's by-the-sea Protestant Episcopal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(Colusa_County)=Oat Hills (Colusa County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(Mariposa_County)=Oat Hills (Mariposa County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(San_Diego_County)=Oat Hills (San Diego County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oat_Hills_(Yuba_County)=Oat Hills (Yuba County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Devil's_Canyon_(Canadian_County,_Oklahoma)=Devil's Canyon (Canadian County, Oklahoma)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanteglos-by-Fowey=Lanteglos-by-Fowey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Port_Henderson=Port Henderson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Diego_Creek=San Diego Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataract_River_(Wollondilly)=Cataract River (Wollondilly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cataract_River_(Tenterfield)=Cataract River (Tenterfield)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danapuram=Danapuram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warragamba_River=Warragamba River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montcalm,_Quebec=Montcalm, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cricket_in_Kenya=Cricket in Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Aqraa=Mount Aqraa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silver_Towers=Silver Towers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Peak=Black Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aliso_Creek_(Los_Angeles_County)=Aliso Creek (Los Angeles County)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Technical_High_School=Central Technical High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/MacArthur_Highway=MacArthur Highway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala'e_(Futuna)=Mala'e (Futuna)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Essau=Essau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zatonie=Zatonie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padna=Padna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popielno,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Popielno, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kierzkowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kierzkowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzaskowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Trzaskowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radwanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Radwanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbyszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zbyszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Raczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szamoty,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Szamoty, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huta_Szklana,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Huta Szklana, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Bielice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Bielice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubasz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubasz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stajkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stajkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boruszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Boruszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Dwory,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Dwory, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubochnia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubochnia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mnichowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mnichowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiniec,_Gniezno_County=Osiniec, Gniezno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczewko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Karczewko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybieniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rybieniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemianowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Siemianowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mieleszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mieleszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malenin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Malenin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiekowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wiekowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czachorowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czachorowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Studzianna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Studzianna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuczyna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kuczyna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdalenki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Magdalenki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkonice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilkonice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podrzecze,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Podrzecze, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumienice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gumienice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochla,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ochla, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokosowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rokosowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptaszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ptaszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sworzyce,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Sworzyce, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adolfowo,_Grodzisk_Wielkopolski_County=Adolfowo, Grodzisk Wielkopolski County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faustynowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Faustynowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helenopol,_Grodzisk_Wielkopolski_County=Helenopol, Grodzisk Wielkopolski County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potarzyca,_Jarocin_County=Potarzyca, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilczyniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaraczewo,_Jarocin_County=Jaraczewo, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemsko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zemsko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maksymilianowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Maksymilianowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubiechowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubiechowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raszewy,_Jarocin_County=Raszewy, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogaszyce,_Jarocin_County=Rogaszyce, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siekierzyn,_Jarocin_County=Siekierzyn, Jarocin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changping_Line,_Beijing_Subway=Changping Line, Beijing Subway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morawin,_Kalisz_County=Morawin, Kalisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemionka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Krzemionka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madalin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Madalin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goliszew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Goliszew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mechnice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bralin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bralin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wodziczna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wodziczna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mchowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radoszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Radoszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbarka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Barbarka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyjma,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Przyjma, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bilczew,_Konin_County=Bilczew, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anielew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Anielew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubiny,_Konin_County=Lubiny, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kobylanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paniewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Paniewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stropieszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stropieszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karszew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Karszew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boguszyniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Boguszyniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaczyniec=Kaczyniec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochle,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ochle, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Przybyszew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiek_Wielki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Osiek Wielki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Rocks=Gray Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posoka,_Konin_County=Posoka, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biskupie,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Biskupie, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goranin,_Konin_County=Goranin, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijowiec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kijowiec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikorzyn,_Konin_County=Mikorzyn, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Florianowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Florianowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morzyczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Morzyczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stara_Ruda,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stara Ruda, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walerianowo,_Konin_County=Walerianowo, Konin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kownaty-Kolonia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kownaty-Kolonia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchary,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Suchary, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donatowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Donatowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarogniewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Jarogniewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Darnowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczodrowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Szczodrowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cichowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Cichowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czacz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czacz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gniewowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gniewowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machcin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Machcin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierpowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Sierpowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorzupia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gorzupia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobierno,_Krotoszyn_County=Kobierno, Krotoszyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raszewy,_Krotoszyn_County=Raszewy, Krotoszyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubonia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lubonia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mierzejewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mierzejewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbytki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zbytki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomicko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Radomicko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulejewo,_Leszno_County=Sulejewo, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moraczewo,_Leszno_County=Moraczewo, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasocice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lasocice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Przybyszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Potrzebowo,_Leszno_County=Potrzebowo, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlinek,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Berlinek, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charbielin,_Leszno_County=Charbielin, Leszno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ujazdowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ujazdowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kaplin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prusim,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Prusim, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chalin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chalin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutom,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lutom, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linie,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Linie, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bolewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kopanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Perzyny,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Perzyny, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdanowo,_Oborniki_County=Bogdanowo, Oborniki County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowanowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kowanowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobnica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stobnica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wargowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wargowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wypalanki,_Oborniki_County=Wypalanki, Oborniki County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbatka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Garbatka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzegowa,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Strzegowa, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnylas,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czarnylas, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesiona,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Jesiona, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salamony,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Salamony, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tonia,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Tonia, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chlewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kraszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Byszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Byszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziunin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dziunin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izdebki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Izdebki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kruszki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Luchowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczerbin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Szczerbin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walentynowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Walentynowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czaplino,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czaplino, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromadno,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gromadno, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marynka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Marynka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kijaszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kijaszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowalew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kowalew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ludwina,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ludwina, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galew,_Pleszew_County=Galew, Pleszew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kajew,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kajew, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolechowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bolechowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dachowa,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dachowa, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dworzyska,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dworzyska, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Babki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krosinko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Krosinko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bednary,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bednary, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronczyn,_Gmina_Pobiedziska=Wronczyn, Gmina Pobiedziska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokietnica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rokietnica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebaw,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Trzebaw, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gortatowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gortatowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chyby,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chyby, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kokoszczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kokoszczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Lusowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Attaqwa_Mosque=Attaqwa Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Baroche=La Baroche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ratowo,_Masovian_Voivodeship=Ratowo, Masovian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Montreal_Technoparc=Montreal Technoparc
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golinka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Golinka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaborowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zaborowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartoszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bartoszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaradzice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Domaradzice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostoje,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ostoje, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podborowo,_Rawicz_County=Podborowo, Rawicz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowy,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Sowy, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jaroszyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Jaroszyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Suszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powidz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Powidz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meszna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Meszna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wilczna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciosna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciosna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarboszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Skarboszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adamierz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Adamierz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myszkowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Myszkowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otorowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Otorowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niewierz,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Niewierz, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolne_Pole,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dolne Pole, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zapust,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zapust, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielonek,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wielonek, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kikowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadziejewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nadziejewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumiejki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rumiejki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ulejno,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ulejno, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zdziechowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zdziechowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ranilug=Ranilug
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karara,_Queensland=Karara, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiosna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wiosna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Winna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Dobczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaleje,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kaleje, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brodniczka,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Brodniczka, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopyta,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kopyta, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Galew,_Turek_County=Galew, Turek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikulice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mikulice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzechta,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Rzechta, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bibianna,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Bibianna, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Posoka,_Turek_County=Posoka, Turek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turkowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Turkowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chylin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Chylin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemczyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Niemczyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerlin,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czerlin, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piastowice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Piastowice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budziszewice,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Budziszewice, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuszewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kuszewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niedarzyn,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Niedarzyn, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stawiany,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stawiany, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czekanowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Czekanowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaliszany,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kaliszany, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kobylec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiatrowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wiatrowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowa_Obra,_Wolsztyn_County=Nowa Obra, Wolsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powodowo=Powodowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wroniawy,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Wroniawy, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mariankowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mariankowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gozdowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gozdowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noskowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Noskowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorazdowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gorazdowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biechowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Biechowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mystki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruszyny,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kruszyny, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Modlica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Modlica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feliksowo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Feliksowo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogolewko,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Gogolewko, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarzyce,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Konarzyce, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mchy,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Mchy, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawory,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Zawory, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ireland's_Eye,_Newfoundland_and_Labrador=Ireland's Eye, Newfoundland and Labrador
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciosaniec,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Ciosaniec, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujanki,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Kujanki, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Zakrzewo,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Nowe Zakrzewo, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stawnica,_Greater_Poland_Voivodeship=Stawnica, Greater Poland Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Dobieszowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hektary,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Hektary, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Godziszka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Godziszka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meszna,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Meszna, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedlina,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Jedlina, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowce,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Borowce, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Apolonka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Apolonka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ponik,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Ponik, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garnek,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Garnek, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chorzenice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Chorzenice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipicze,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Lipicze, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oblasy,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Oblasy, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Jamki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korzonek,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Korzonek, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drochlin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Drochlin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wanaty,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Wanaty, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mutual_Life_&_Citizens_Assurance_Company_Building=Mutual Life & Citizens Assurance Company Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Klewno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krasice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Krasice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madalin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Madalin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczyce,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Rzeczyce, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierakowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Sierakowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kotulin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Kotulin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Proboszczowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Proboszczowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowiczki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Wilkowiczki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowiany,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Borowiany, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radonia,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Radonia, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lgota,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Lgota, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stanki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Stanki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troniny,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Troniny, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapiennik,_Gmina_Lipie=Wapiennik, Gmina Lipie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konieczki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Konieczki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annolesie,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Annolesie, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antonie,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Antonie, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sitki,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Sitki, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzielna,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Dzielna, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zborowskie,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Zborowskie, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chwostek=Chwostek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarnia,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Solarnia, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mzyki,_Lubliniec_County=Mzyki, Lubliniec County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krusin,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Krusin, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabijak,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Zabijak, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Antolka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Antolka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gilowice,_Pszczyna_County=Gilowice, Pszczyna County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobielice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Kobielice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziczka,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Rudziczka, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobyla,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Kobyla, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzegorzowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Grzegorzowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptakowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Ptakowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Huta_Szklana,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Huta Szklana, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlesice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Podlesice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siedliszowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Siedliszowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokrus,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Mokrus, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przychody,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Przychody, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siadcza,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Siadcza, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szyce,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Szyce, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parkoszowice,_Silesian_Voivodeship=Parkoszowice, Silesian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeradz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeradz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kingston_Hall=Kingston Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortlandt_Town_Center=Cortlandt Town Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pioneer_Island_(Nunavut)=Pioneer Island (Nunavut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/French_Guiana=French Guiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Salina_Street_Historic_District=South Salina Street Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Glinik,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Glinik, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybakowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rybakowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baczyna,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Baczyna, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Marwice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mystki,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Mystki, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boguszyniec,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Boguszyniec, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumienno,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Strumienno, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garbowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Garbowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosarzyn,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Kosarzyn, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujawa,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Kujawa, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyborowice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Przyborowice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomicko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Radomicko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagielnik,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jagielnik, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieski,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Pieski, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiecko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Osiecko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zemsko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Zemsko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bycz,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Bycz, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzbnica,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wierzbnica, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jesiona,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jesiona, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drwalewice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Drwalewice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stary_Staw,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Stary Staw, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Biskupice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Nowe Biskupice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Biskupice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Stare Biskupice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changqing_Road_Station=Changqing Road Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzepinek,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rzepinek, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielice,_Strzelce-Drezdenko_County=Pielice, Strzelce-Drezdenko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podszkle,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Podszkle, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starczewo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Starczewo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Bielice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Stare Bielice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebicz,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Trzebicz, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarbiewo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Sarbiewo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grochowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Grochowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychlik,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rychlik, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tursk,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Tursk, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drzewce-Kolonia,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Drzewce-Kolonia, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Svedmyra_metro_station=Svedmyra metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jordanowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jordanowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemionka,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Krzemionka, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Dworek,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Nowy Dworek, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubrza,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Lubrza, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troszki,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Troszki, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciosaniec,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Ciosaniec, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartno,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Kartno, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siadcza,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Siadcza, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Urzuty,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Urzuty, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkanowo,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wilkanowo, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radowice=Radowice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jany,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jany, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarogniewice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Jarogniewice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przylep,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Przylep, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ochla,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Ochla, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrzesiny,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wrzesiny, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilkowisko,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wilkowisko, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziny,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rudziny, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wymiarki,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Wymiarki, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boruszyn,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Boruszyn, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tymienice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Tymienice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rusocice,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Rusocice, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surowa,_Lubusz_Voivodeship=Surowa, Lubusz Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Catcleugh_Reservoir=Catcleugh Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_London=Mount London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarbimierz,_Opole_Voivodeship=Skarbimierz, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubcz,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lubcz, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kopice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzbnik,_Opole_Voivodeship=Wierzbnik, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ptakowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Ptakowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelniki,_Opole_Voivodeship=Strzelniki, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piastowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Piastowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanie,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kopanie, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszyce,_Opole_Voivodeship=Goszyce, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korzonek,_Opole_Voivodeship=Korzonek, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solarnia,_Opole_Voivodeship=Solarnia, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronin,_Opole_Voivodeship=Wronin, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnica,_Opole_Voivodeship=Mechnica, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligota_Dolna,_Kluczbork_County=Ligota Dolna, Kluczbork County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nasale,_Opole_Voivodeship=Nasale, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasowice_Wielkie,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lasowice Wielkie, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebiszyn,_Opole_Voivodeship=Trzebiszyn, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obrowiec,_Opole_Voivodeship=Obrowiec, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Dobieszowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przerwa,_Opole_Voivodeship=Przerwa, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domaszowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Domaszowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozuby,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kozuby, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miejsce,_Opole_Voivodeship=Miejsce, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kubice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kubice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regulice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Regulice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charbielin,_Opole_Voivodeship=Charbielin, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Las,_Opole_Voivodeship=Nowy Las, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cieszanowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Cieszanowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamiennik,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kamiennik, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasocice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lasocice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broniszowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Broniszowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kocury,_Opole_Voivodeship=Kocury, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zdziechowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Zdziechowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skotnica,_Opole_Voivodeship=Skotnica, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strojec,_Opole_Voivodeship=Strojec, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sternalice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Sternalice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borowiany,_Opole_Voivodeship=Borowiany, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radawka,_Opole_Voivodeship=Radawka, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osiecko,_Opole_Voivodeship=Osiecko, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Mechnice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wrzoski,_Opole_Voivodeship=Wrzoski, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biadacz,_Opole_County=Biadacz, Opole County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedlice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Jedlice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubienia,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lubienia, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przywory,_Opole_Voivodeship=Przywory, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziczka,_Opole_Voivodeship=Rudziczka, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoki,_Opole_Voivodeship=Otoki, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rostkowice,_Opole_Voivodeship=Rostkowice, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubrza,_Opole_Voivodeship=Lubrza, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ligota_Dolna,_Strzelce_County=Ligota Dolna, Strzelce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utrata,_Opole_Voivodeship=Utrata, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bokowe,_Opole_Voivodeship=Bokowe, Opole Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shilton_railway_station=Shilton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milton,_Cherwell=Milton, Cherwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagony,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zagony, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabacz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grabacz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiszewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Fiszewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kostki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciemno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ciemno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gapowo,_Chojnice_County=Gapowo, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kinice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaszuba,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kaszuba, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przymuszewo,_Chojnice_County=Przymuszewo, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoszewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoszewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudziny,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rudziny, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Turowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widno,_Chojnice_County=Widno, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babilon,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Babilon, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kulki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichnowy,_Chojnice_County=Lichnowy, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipienice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lipienice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melanowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Melanowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Silno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Silno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbrzyca,_Chojnice_County=Zbrzyca, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kurkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutom,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutom, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sienica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciecholewy,_Chojnice_County=Ciecholewy, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korne,_Chojnice_County=Korne, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konarzyny,_Chojnice_County=Konarzyny, Chojnice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadziejewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nadziejewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Raciniewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Raciniewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierpowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sierpowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzbnik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzbnik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirogniew,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirogniew, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kujanki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kujanki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rychnowy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pokrzywy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozwory,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rozwory, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietrzykowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pietrzykowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bagnica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bagnica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelnia,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jelnia, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lestnica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lestnica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyrzecze,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przyrzecze, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzmielewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzmielewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostatni_Grosz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostatni Grosz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Straszyn,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Straszyn, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blackwell_railway_station=Blackwell railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojanowo=Wojanowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przywidz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przywidz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzepowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzepowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czerniewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Island=Lake Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lacs_de_Carnau=Lacs de Carnau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Willemsoord,_Steenwijkerland=Willemsoord, Steenwijkerland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Allen_(Canada)=Mount Allen (Canada)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kosy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostowo,_Gmina_Kartuzy=Ostowo, Gmina Kartuzy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzym,_Kartuzy_County=Rzym, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zawory,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zawory, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarna_Huta,_Kartuzy_County=Czarna Huta, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kczewo,_Kartuzy_County=Kczewo, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagodowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jagodowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karczewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierakowice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sierakowice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szklana,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szklana, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szopa,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szopa, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Welk=Welk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaplica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kaplica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostowo,_Gmina_Somonino=Ostowo, Gmina Somonino
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrzyce,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostrzyce, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gapowo,_Kartuzy_County=Gapowo, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dubowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dubowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niebo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Niebo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pustka,_Kartuzy_County=Pustka, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sikorzyno=Sikorzyno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Opoka,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Opoka, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miszewo,_Kartuzy_County=Miszewo, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlino,_Kartuzy_County=Widlino, Kartuzy County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karsin=Karsin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiele,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wiele, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoczkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoczkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubieszynek,_Gmina_Liniewo=Lubieszynek, Gmina Liniewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubieszynek,_Gmina_Nowa_Karczma=Lubieszynek, Gmina Nowa Karczma
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekownica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rekownica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czerniki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stary_Bukowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stary Bukowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hermanowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Hermanowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecewo,_Kwidzyn_County=Klecewo, Kwidzyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurandowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jurandowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szramowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szramowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Barcice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tralewo,_Kwidzyn_County=Tralewo, Kwidzyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwica,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Karwica, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieski,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pieski, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanin,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kanin, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubowidz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubowidz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maszewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maszewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wicko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichnowy,_Malbork_County=Lichnowy, Malbork County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starynia,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Starynia, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasowice_Wielkie,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lasowice Wielkie, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gnojewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gnojewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lipinka,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lipinka, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tralewo,_Malbork_County=Tralewo, Malbork County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecie,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Klecie, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Letniki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Letniki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jazowa,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jazowa, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myszkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Myszkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orliniec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Orliniec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rakowiska,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rakowiska, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suchowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palczewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Palczewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaskowiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Piaskowiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stobiec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stobiec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groszkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Groszkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubkowo,_Puck_County=Lubkowo, Puck County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Minkowice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Minkowice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odargowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Odargowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starzyno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Starzyno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlino,_Puck_County=Widlino, Puck County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiatrowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wiatrowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobieszewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobieszewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrzec,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobrzec, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gogolewko,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gogolewko, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Niemczewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Niemczewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Troszki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Troszki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darnowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Darnowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kawka,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kawka, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pustowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pustowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kwakowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kwakowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaje,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gaje, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miednik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Miednik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warblewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warblewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Retowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charnowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Charnowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Objazda,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Objazda, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strych,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strych, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimne_Zdroje,_Starogard_County=Zimne Zdroje, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markocin,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Markocin, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komorze,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Komorze, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celmerostwo,_Starogard_County=Celmerostwo, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malary,_Starogard_County=Malary, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Probostwo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Probostwo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szczodrowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Szczodrowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czarnylas,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czarnylas, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Bukowiec,_Starogard_County=Nowy Bukowiec, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirotki,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirotki, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopytkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopytkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luchowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Luchowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciecholewy,_Starogard_County=Ciecholewy, Starogard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radziejewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radziejewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balewo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Balewo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucznik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bucznik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisiel,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gisiel, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przezmark,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przezmark, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klecewo,_Sztum_County=Klecewo, Sztum County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasy,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lasy, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tymawa,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Tymawa, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widlice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Widlice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulice,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kulice, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goszyn,_Tczew_County=Goszyn, Tczew County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koziary,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Koziary, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malenin,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Malenin, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osetnik,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Osetnik, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kostkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donimierz,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Donimierz, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kielno,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kielno, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szopa,_Wejherowo_County=Szopa, Wejherowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gniewowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gniewowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polnica,_Wejherowo_County=Polnica, Wejherowo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pnie,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pnie, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszkowo,_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warszkowo, Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Place_du_Canada=Place du Canada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Massive_Mountain=Massive Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gromki,_Bartoszyce_County=Gromki, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karolewko,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karolewko, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersity,_Bartoszyce_County=Kiersity, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klekotki,_Bartoszyce_County=Klekotki, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kosy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kromarki=Kromarki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leginy,_Bartoszyce_County=Leginy, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Solno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trutnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Trutnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojciechy,_Bartoszyce_County=Wojciechy, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Unikowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Unikowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Robity,_Bartoszyce_County=Robity, Bartoszyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielenica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Zielenica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Judyty,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Judyty, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostre_Bardo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ostre Bardo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poniki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Poniki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielewo,_Braniewo_County=Wielewo, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wikielec,_Braniewo_County=Wikielec, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdany,_Braniewo_County=Bogdany, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Lutkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajtuny,_Braniewo_County=Pajtuny, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piotrowiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Piotrowiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radziejewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radziejewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielgrzymowo,_Braniewo_County=Pielgrzymowo, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Podlechy,_Braniewo_County=Podlechy, Braniewo County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tatarki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Tatarki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sochy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Sochy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bladowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bladowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rutkowice,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rutkowice, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabacz,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grabacz, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groszki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Groszki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kostkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wery,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wery, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czechowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czechowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przezmark,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Przezmark, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bielica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skowrony,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Skowrony, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mechnica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mechnica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mojkowo=Mojkowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiszewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Fiszewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jurandowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Jurandowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Balewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rychnowy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surowe,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Surowe, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barzyna,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Barzyna, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamionek_Wielki=Kamionek Wielki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buczki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Buczki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ginie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ginie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulesze,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kulesze, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pisanica,_Gmina_Kalinowo=Pisanica, Gmina Kalinowo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ciernie,_Gmina_Prostki=Ciernie, Gmina Prostki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kobylinek,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kobylinek, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorazdowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gorazdowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wronka,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wronka, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhopur,_Jalandhar=Madhopur, Jalandhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mleczkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mleczkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skorupki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Skorupki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielony_Lasek=Zielony Lasek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Berkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dudka,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Dudka, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grodkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radzie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemionki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siemionki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Talki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Babki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jany,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Jany, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Okrasin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Okrasin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietraszki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Pietraszki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Pedro_Lake=San Pedro Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mt._Lebanon_Tunnel=Mt. Lebanon Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KeyBank_Tower=KeyBank Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bama_Theatre=Bama Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wallend=Wallend
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziemiany,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ziemiany, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Barcie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Degucie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Degucie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomek,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radomek, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemiany,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siemiany, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klimy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Klimy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerlin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czerlin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rodzone,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rodzone, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fabianki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Fabianki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bajdy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bajdy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rucewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rucewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrzykowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Dobrzykowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gradowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gradowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchawa,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Suchawa, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerniki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czerniki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piaskowiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Piaskowiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stawnica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Stawnica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Klewno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mnichowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mnichowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chojnica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Chojnica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyszki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Pyszki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rybakowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rybakowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siemkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siemkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siniec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Siniec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiersnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kiersnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwity,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kiwity, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Koniewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miejska_Wola,_Lidzbark_County=Miejska Wola, Lidzbark County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagony,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Zagony, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karbowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karbowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Osetnik,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Osetnik, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czerwonki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Czerwonki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karwie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mierzejewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mierzejewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Machary,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Machary, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karczewiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karczewiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bujaki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bujaki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanigowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kanigowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Magdaleniec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Magdaleniec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radomin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Radomin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sowy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Sowy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Browina,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Browina, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pielgrzymowo,_Nidzica_County=Pielgrzymowo, Nidzica County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iwanki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Iwanki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodziczno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grodziczno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuligi,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kuligi, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wawrowice,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wawrowice, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nawra,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Nawra, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jamielnik,_Nowe_Miasto_County=Jamielnik, Nowe Miasto County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabielne,_Olecko_County=Zabielne, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorczyce,_Olecko_County=Gorczyce, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monety,_Olecko_County=Monety, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stacze,_Olecko_County=Stacze, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szarejki,_Olecko_County=Szarejki, Olecko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeszki,_Gmina_Kowale_Oleckie=Szeszki, Gmina Kowale Oleckie
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cichy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Cichy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sokoro=Sokoro
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pasur,_Pakistan=Pasur, Pakistan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cimochy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Cimochy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szeszki,_Gmina_Wieliczki=Szeszki, Gmina Wieliczki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogdany,_Olsztyn_County=Bogdany, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kronowo,_Olsztyn_County=Kronowo, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borki_Wielkie,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Borki Wielkie, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barcikowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Barcikowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bzowiec,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bzowiec, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kudypy,_Olsztyn_County=Kudypy, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rapaty,_Olsztyn_County=Rapaty, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostrzewy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kostrzewy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gutkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gutkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kruzy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kruzy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lichtajny,_Olsztyn_County=Lichtajny, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Klewki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Klewki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Groszkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Groszkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Kopanki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pajtuny,_Olsztyn_County=Pajtuny, Olsztyn County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pokrzywy,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Pokrzywy, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorotowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Dorotowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszcz,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Leszcz, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Samin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rychnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rychnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tymawa,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Tymawa, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mostkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Linki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sople,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Sople, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bieniasze,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Bieniasze, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rycerzewo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rycerzewo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziemaki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Ziemaki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinek,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grabinek, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turznica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Turznica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zimna,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Zimna, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cibory,_Pisz_County=Cibory, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cwaliny,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Cwaliny, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guzki,_Pisz_County=Guzki, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mikuty,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Mikuty, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Monety,_Pisz_County=Monety, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Szymki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Szymki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zabielne,_Pisz_County=Zabielne, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wojny,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wojny, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaskwierki,_Pisz_County=Zaskwierki, Pisz County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelniki,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Strzelniki, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuchlin,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Tuchlin, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karwica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Karwica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popielno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Popielno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Warnowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzba,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Wierzba, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gisiel,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Gisiel, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grodziska,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Grodziska, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowy_Las,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Nowy Las, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rekownica,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Rekownica, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rozogi,_Szczytno_County=Rozogi, Szczytno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lejkowo,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Lejkowo, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maliniak,_Szczytno_County=Maliniak, Szczytno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pomianowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pomianowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stajkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stajkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubiechowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubiechowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Anin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buczki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Buczki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobrochy,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dobrochy, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kikowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kikowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krosinko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krosinko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Retowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Solno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebiszyn,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzebiszyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radlice,_Choszczno_County=Radlice, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rzeczki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Piasecznik,_Choszczno_County=Piasecznik, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westwood_Power_Station=Westwood Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bierzwnik,_Choszczno_County=Bierzwnik, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzywna,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grzywna, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malczewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Malczewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeczno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeczno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starzyce,_Choszczno_County=Starzyce, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebicz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzebicz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strumienno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strumienno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kostrzewa,_Choszczno_County=Kostrzewa, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pluskocin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pluskocin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobieradz,_Choszczno_County=Sobieradz, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bolewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lestnica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lestnica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wielgoszcz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wielgoszcz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kuszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kuszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bralin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bralin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sienica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Sienica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suchowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suchowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchucin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchucin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donatowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Donatowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grabinek,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Grabinek, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelenino,_Drawsko_County=Jelenino, Drawsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchowo,_Drawsko_County=Wierzchowo, Drawsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Darskowo,_Drawsko_County=Darskowo, Drawsko County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kosobudki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kosobudki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolechowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bolechowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Budno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Budno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubczyna,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubczyna, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leszczynka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Leszczynka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maszewko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maszewko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bromierz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bromierz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dobroszyn,_Gmina_Nowogard=Dobroszyn, Gmina Nowogard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kulice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kulice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostrzyca,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostrzyca, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Strzelewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Strzelewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzywice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krzywice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartlewo=Kartlewo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jasiel,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jasiel, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skalin,_Gryfice_County=Skalin, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skowrony,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skowrony, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skalno,_Gryfice_County=Skalno, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Charnowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Charnowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lusowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lusowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wilczyniec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wilczyniec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pustkowo,_Gryfice_County=Pustkowo, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogozina,_Gryfice_County=Rogozina, Gryfice County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babinek,_Gryfino_County=Babinek, Gryfino County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Otoki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Otoki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markocin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Markocin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Czartoryja,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Czartoryja, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirogniew,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirogniew, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiwity,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kiwity, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogaczewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rogaczewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bielin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gliniec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gliniec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kartno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kartno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marwice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Marwice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Widuchowa,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Widuchowa, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radawka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radawka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wicko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Koniewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Koniewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rzeczyn,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rzeczyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skoszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skoszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warnowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jarkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jarkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przybyradz,_Koszalin_County=Przybyradz, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nowe_Bielice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Nowe Bielice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosowo,_Koszalin_County=Nosowo, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stare_Bielice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Stare Bielice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnino,_Koszalin_County=Warnino, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keyham,_Leicestershire=Keyham, Leicestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Water_Tower_(Kansas_City,_Missouri)=Waldo Water Tower (Kansas City, Missouri)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Breakwater_Islands=Breakwater Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulino,_Koszalin_County=Cybulino, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radwanki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radwanki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grzybnica,_Koszalin_County=Grzybnica, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kopanino,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kopanino, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poniki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Poniki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mielenko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mielenko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalimierz,_Koszalin_County=Dalimierz, Koszalin County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirotki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mirotki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powidz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Powidz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warblewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warblewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wietrzno,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wietrzno, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierciszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierciszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Konikowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Konikowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rynowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rynowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suliszewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Suliszewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Krzemienna,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Krzemienna, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borkowo_Wielkie,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Borkowo Wielkie, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gostomin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gostomin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Prusim,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Prusim, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lubie,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lubie, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mostkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mostkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parsko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Parsko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Chlewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cychry,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Cychry, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Juncewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Juncewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radzicz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Radzicz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jedwabno,_Warmian-Masurian_Voivodeship=Jedwabno, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/History_of_Rome=History of Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kinice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kinice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bartoszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bartoszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pienice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pienice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bobolin,_Police_County=Bobolin, Police County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ryszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ryszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Babinek,_Pyrzyce_County=Babinek, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linie,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Linie, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Swochowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Swochowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozielice,_Pyrzyce_County=Kozielice, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maruszewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Maruszewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przelewice,_Pyrzyce_County=Przelewice, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warnice,_Pyrzyce_County=Warnice, Pyrzyce County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzyszkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Borzyszkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzmielewo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Trzmielewo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wiekowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wiekowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lejkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lejkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zielenica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zielenica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kanin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kanin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Noskowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Noskowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warszkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Warszkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamienny_Most,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kamienny Most, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karkowo,_Stargard_County=Karkowo, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mokrzyca,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Mokrzyca, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pieczonka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pieczonka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Starzyce,_Stargard_County=Starzyce, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolice,_Gmina_Dobrzany=Dolice, Gmina Dobrzany
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Lutkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odargowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Odargowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dolice,_Gmina_Dolice=Dolice, Gmina Dolice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morzyca,_Stargard_County=Morzyca, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrzany,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skrzany, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nierybno,_Stargard_County=Nierybno, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storkowo,_Stargard_County=Storkowo, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Powalice,_Stargard_County=Powalice, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wierzchucice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Wierzchucice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morzyczyn,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Morzyczyn, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reptowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Reptowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Domanowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Domanowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poczernin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Poczernin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skalin,_Stargard_County=Skalin, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brudzewice,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Brudzewice, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nosowo,_Stargard_County=Nosowo, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wapnica,_Stargard_County=Wapnica, Stargard County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulino,_Szczecinek_County=Cybulino, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jadwigowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jadwigowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jagielnik,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Jagielnik, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Polne,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Polne, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sulikowo,_Szczecinek_County=Sulikowo, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Biskupice-Kolonia,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Biskupice-Kolonia, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bielica,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Bielica, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cybulin,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Cybulin, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalkowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dalkowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Donimierz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Donimierz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trzebiele,_Szczecinek_County=Trzebiele, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Komorze,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Komorze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boleszkowice,_Szczecinek_County=Boleszkowice, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przeradz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przeradz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Storkowo,_Szczecinek_County=Storkowo, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dziki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Dziki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jelenino,_Szczecinek_County=Jelenino, Szczecinek County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orawka,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Orawka, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pietrzykowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Pietrzykowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Przyrzecze,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Przyrzecze, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gawroniec,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Gawroniec, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kocury,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kocury, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ostre_Bardo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Ostre Bardo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Popielawy,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Popielawy, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarbimierz,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Skarbimierz, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zbytki,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Zbytki, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rokosowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rokosowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kowanowo,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Kowanowo, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rycerzewko,_West_Pomeranian_Voivodeship=Rycerzewko, West Pomeranian Voivodeship
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Radaczewo,_Choszczno_County=Radaczewo, Choszczno County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pemba_Airport_(Tanzania)=Pemba Airport (Tanzania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Helstone=Helstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clifton,_Oxfordshire=Clifton, Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Mathieu,_Quebec=Saint-Mathieu, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfield_Shaker_Museum=Enfield Shaker Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleview,_Kentucky=Belleview, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumbaz=Gumbaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sainte-Anne-du-Lac,_Laurentides,_Quebec=Sainte-Anne-du-Lac, Laurentides, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/University_of_Washington_(Link_station)=University of Washington (Link station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindschadler_Ice_Stream=Bindschadler Ice Stream
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narewka_(river)=Narewka (river)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghdada=Baghdada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colonia_Airport=Colonia Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rochdale_Road_Halt_railway_station=Rochdale Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miye_ou_Miye=Miye ou Miye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Victoria_Eye_and_Ear_Hospital=Royal Victoria Eye and Ear Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lorraine,_California=Lorraine, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean-Baptiste,_Quebec=Saint-Jean-Baptiste, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palki=Palki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ifinger=Ifinger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adagodi=Adagodi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Independence,_Calaveras_County,_California=Independence, Calaveras County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cortena,_California=Cortena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delevan,_California=Delevan, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Orchards,_California=Mills Orchards, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grand_Gulf_Military_State_Park_(Mississippi)=Grand Gulf Military State Park (Mississippi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_High_Street_Halt_railway_station=Cheltenham High Street Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sobrante,_California=Sobrante, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pickering_(Martian_crater)=Pickering (Martian crater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skarpsno_(station)=Skarpsno (station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mizhhirya=Mizhhirya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Colt_Crag_Reservoir=Colt Crag Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Whittle_Dene=Whittle Dene
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taylor_Beach=Taylor Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Solsidan=Solsidan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rubicon_Springs,_California=Rubicon Springs, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stateline,_California=Stateline, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Side_Park_(Pittsburgh)=South Side Park (Pittsburgh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Road_Runner_Rollercoaster=Road Runner Rollercoaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butler,_California=Butler, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miramonte,_California=Miramonte, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_City,_Glenn_County,_California=Butte City, Glenn County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Orchard,_California=Mills Orchard, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Comfort_Starr_House=Comfort Starr House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Springs,_Texas=Big Springs, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Englewood,_California=Englewood, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Smith,_California=Smith, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fenton_railway_station=Fenton railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butlers,_California=Butlers, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabama_Hills,_California=Alabama Hills, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omaja=Omaja
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sykes,_California=Sykes, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barbetta=Barbetta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loraine,_California=Loraine, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil,_Quebec_(parish)=Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil, Quebec (parish)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jing'an_County=Jing'an County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Town_Civic_Centre=Cape Town Civic Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nadol=Nadol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil,_Quebec_(village)=Notre-Dame-du-Bon-Conseil, Quebec (village)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jizhou_District=Jizhou District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taihe_County,_Jiangxi=Taihe County, Jiangxi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forest_Lake,_California=Forest Lake, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gazi_Atik_Ali_Pasha_Mosque=Gazi Atik Ali Pasha Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lankershim,_California=Lankershim, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majdal_Anjar=Majdal Anjar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alto,_California=Alto, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gallinas,_California=Gallinas, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Joseph,_Vanderburgh_County,_Indiana=Saint Joseph, Vanderburgh County, Indiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Junction_Road_Halt_railway_station=Junction Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Somerset_Power_Plant=Somerset Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holingol=Holingol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Park=Werner Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazilionai=Bazilionai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Horinger_County=Horinger County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karpaseia=Karpaseia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Princess_Marie_Bay=Princess Marie Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arena,_California=Arena, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Grove,_California=The Grove, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tuttle,_California=Tuttle, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vouno=Vouno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sheshan_Golf_Club=Sheshan Golf Club
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Illahe,_Oregon=Illahe, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Funing_County,_Hebei=Funing County, Hebei
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wadi_al-Nasara=Wadi al-Nasara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirstead=Kirstead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Midland_and_South_Western_Junction_Railway=Midland and South Western Junction Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/National_Hall_of_Fame_for_Famous_American_Indians=National Hall of Fame for Famous American Indians
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Towong,_Victoria=Towong, Victoria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Rummelsburg_railway_station=Berlin-Rummelsburg railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Berlin-Rummelsburg_Betriebsbahnhof_station=Berlin-Rummelsburg Betriebsbahnhof station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Water_resources_management_in_Honduras=Water resources management in Honduras
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Choluteca_river_basin=Choluteca river basin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loomis_Homestead=Loomis Homestead
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghcheh_Kohol=Aghcheh Kohol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbar=Mumbar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mumbhar=Mumbhar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lay,_Iran=Lay, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halifax_Town_Hall=Halifax Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/San_Tan_Valley,_Arizona=San Tan Valley, Arizona
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mall_of_the_Americas=Mall of the Americas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Virginia_(California)=Lake Virginia (California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Higham_railway_station_(Suffolk)=Higham railway station (Suffolk)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoatok=Anoatok
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gimcheon_Station=Gimcheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaepo_Station=Gaepo Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myeongdong_Station=Myeongdong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cumberland_Lake=Cumberland Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eels_Lake=Eels Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Pond=Big Pond
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_Gregory_the_Illuminator_Cathedral,_Yerevan=Saint Gregory the Illuminator Cathedral, Yerevan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sihanoukville_Province=Sihanoukville Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Srbsko=Srbsko
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_Lake=Hattie Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hattie_Lakes=Hattie Lakes
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beardy_River=Beardy River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_River_(New_South_Wales)=Crawford River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doyles_River_(New_South_Wales)=Doyles River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Nymboida_River=Little Nymboida River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Weir_River=Little Weir River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pages_River=Pages River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stewarts_River=Stewarts River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Timbarra_River_(New_South_Wales)=Timbarra River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wollomombi_River=Wollomombi River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrow_River=Yarrow River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarrowitch_River=Yarrowitch River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hector_River=Hector River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arroyo_Colorado=Arroyo Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alabaha_River=Alabaha River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Branch_Pleasant_River_(Piscataquis_River)=East Branch Pleasant River (Piscataquis River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Branch_Pleasant_River_(Pleasant_River)=East Branch Pleasant River (Pleasant River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maine_River_(Maine)=Maine River (Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brooklin,_West_Virginia=Brooklin, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hill_Top,_West_Virginia=Hill Top, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncheon_Station=Suncheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolgok_Station=Wolgok Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglaston_Historic_District=Douglaston Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kkachiul_Station=Kkachiul Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsan_Gymnasium_Station=Samsan Gymnasium Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sanseong_Station=Sanseong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boreray,_St_Kilda=Boreray, St Kilda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordsall_Lane_railway_station=Ordsall Lane railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walkden_Low_Level_railway_station=Walkden Low Level railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodwin_Island=Goodwin Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Telus_Tower=Telus Tower
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knarrevik=Knarrevik
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Christchurch_Art_Gallery=Christchurch Art Gallery
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongguang_County=Dongguang County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayan_County=Bayan County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mulan_County=Mulan County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Datong_District,_Daqing=Datong District, Daqing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mammoth_Site,_Hot_Springs=Mammoth Site, Hot Springs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elk_Lakes_(British_Columbia)=Elk Lakes (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongshan_District,_Hegang=Dongshan District, Hegang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shellingford=Shellingford
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongfeng_District=Dongfeng District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stocking_Island=Stocking Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boli_County=Boli County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leeds_City_Region=Leeds City Region
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dong'an_District=Dong'an District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Debden,_Epping_Forest=Debden, Epping Forest
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beilin_District,_Suihua=Beilin District, Suihua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lanxi_County=Lanxi County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asuncion,_California=Asuncion, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghurabah=Ghurabah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blacks,_Illinois=Blacks, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alfred_Park=Alfred Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holmes,_Lancashire=Holmes, Lancashire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woking=Woking
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newbarns=Newbarns
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Town_Center_Park=Town Center Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orosay=Orosay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ghuraba=Ghuraba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al-Hamma,_Tiberias=Al-Hamma, Tiberias
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_St._Paul_and_St._Andrew_(New_York_City)=Church of St. Paul and St. Andrew (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Retteri=Retteri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bourbonais,_Illinois=Bourbonais, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chlistov=Chlistov
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dacheng,_Changhua=Dacheng, Changhua
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cameron_Bay=Cameron Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tamsa_River=Tamsa River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trinity_Moravian_Church,_Jamaica=Trinity Moravian Church, Jamaica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Charles_County_Smartt_Airport=St. Charles County Smartt Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xincheng_District,_Hohhot=Xincheng District, Hohhot
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thacker,_West_Virginia=Thacker, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Faringdon_railway_station=Faringdon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kali_River_(Uttar_Pradesh)=Kali River (Uttar Pradesh)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marylebone=Marylebone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Jolla_Village,_San_Diego=La Jolla Village, San Diego
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilkea=Kilkea
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barrymore_Theatre=Barrymore Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abingdon_Road_Halt_railway_station=Abingdon Road Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jawal=Jawal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/City_of_Leeds=City of Leeds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luzon_Building=Luzon Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Esprit,_Quebec=Saint-Esprit, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Alexis,_Quebec=Saint-Alexis, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Swinburne_Reservoir=Little Swinburne Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tree_Topper=Tree Topper
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunan_County=Yunan County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yun'an_District=Yun'an District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salt_Spring_Valley_Reservoir=Salt Spring Valley Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._John's_Metropolitan_Area=St. John's Metropolitan Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mathili=Mathili
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuangqiao_District,_Chengde=Shuangqiao District, Chengde
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shanyang_District=Shanyang District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yunyang_District=Yunyang District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinzhou_District,_Wuhan=Xinzhou District, Wuhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xuanwu_District,_Nanjing=Xuanwu District, Nanjing
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stretham_railway_station=Stretham railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Creek_(Jock_River)=Kings Creek (Jock River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kings_Creek_(Mississippi_River_Ontario)=Kings Creek (Mississippi River Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Linghai=Linghai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Redbush,_Kentucky=Redbush, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buffalo_Lake_National_Wildlife_Refuge=Buffalo Lake National Wildlife Refuge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Francois_Cousin_House_(Slidell,_Louisiana)=Francois Cousin House (Slidell, Louisiana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurara=Gurara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Universalist_Meeting_House=Universalist Meeting House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dafni,_Laconia=Dafni, Laconia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Mesa_(Navajo_County,_Arizona)=Black Mesa (Navajo County, Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharoysky_District=Sharoysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shatoysky_District=Shatoysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_East_Boston_High_School=Old East Boston High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salperton=Salperton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daran,_Iran=Daran, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/De_Luz,_California=De Luz, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maysky_District=Maysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamidiyeh=Hamidiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Phillips_Square=Phillips Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Norbert,_Quebec=Saint-Norbert, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Abbott_(British_Columbia)=Mount Abbott (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Luliang_Air_Base=Luliang Air Base
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rawalpindi,_Kapurthala=Rawalpindi, Kapurthala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miners_Basin,_Utah=Miners Basin, Utah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mont-Saint-Pierre,_Quebec=Mont-Saint-Pierre, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Jean-de-la-Lande,_Quebec=Saint-Jean-de-la-Lande, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Athanase,_Quebec=Saint-Athanase, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Omer,_Quebec=Saint-Omer, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Tite-des-Caps=Saint-Tite-des-Caps
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Joachim,_Quebec=Saint-Joachim, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meldon_railway_station=Meldon railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changping_Road_Station=Changping Road Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fairground_Park=Fairground Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edinburgh_Gateway_station=Edinburgh Gateway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hinton,_Northamptonshire=Hinton, Northamptonshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eilean_Tigh=Eilean Tigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Redburn_No._130=Rural Municipality of Redburn No. 130
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ann's_Episcopal_Church_(Bronx)=St. Ann's Episcopal Church (Bronx)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narach_(town)=Narach (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narach_(village)=Narach (village)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clerkenwell_Prison=Clerkenwell Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kisii_County=Kisii County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ravenswood_Manor_Historic_District=Ravenswood Manor Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Governador_Celso_Ramos=Governador Celso Ramos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Celso_Ramos=Celso Ramos
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hammamet,_Algiers=Hammamet, Algiers
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_El_Ain=Ras El Ain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morada_Nova=Morada Nova
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Porto_Franco=Porto Franco
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alt-Treptow=Alt-Treptow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orshansky_District=Orshansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yurinsky_District=Yurinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gouna=Gouna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kieche=Kieche
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Contenda=Contenda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston_Island,_Fife=Preston Island, Fife
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Lake_(Thunder_Bay_District)=Winston Lake (Thunder Bay District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Lake_(Kenora_District)=Winston Lake (Kenora District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Creek_(Kenora_District)=Winston Creek (Kenora District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Winston_Creek_(Thunder_Bay_District)=Winston Creek (Thunder Bay District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Portalegre,_Rio_Grande_do_Norte=Portalegre, Rio Grande do Norte
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bear's_Paw=Bear's Paw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sapung_Lake=Sapung Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz-Carlton,_Washington,_D.C.=The Ritz-Carlton, Washington, D.C.
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bongolo_Dam_(South_Africa)=Bongolo Dam (South Africa)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bull_Lake_(Sudbury_District)=Little Bull Lake (Sudbury District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Bull_Lake_(Algoma_District)=Little Bull Lake (Algoma District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elephant_Mountain_(Piscataquis_County,_Maine)=Elephant Mountain (Piscataquis County, Maine)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_River_(Ontario)=Bolton River (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosthwaite,_Borrowdale,_Cumbria=Rosthwaite, Borrowdale, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosthwaite,_Broughton,_Cumbria=Rosthwaite, Broughton, Cumbria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bolton_River_(Manitoba)=Bolton River (Manitoba)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grange_in_Borrowdale=Grange in Borrowdale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Marmara=Lake Marmara
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bel_Air,_Haiti=Bel Air, Haiti
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Puerco_River=Puerco River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Norwalk_Railroad_Bridge=South Norwalk Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bank_of_America_Center_(Baltimore)=Bank of America Center (Baltimore)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barton_Road_Swing_Bridge=Barton Road Swing Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culture_in_Rome=Culture in Rome
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crab_Cay=Crab Cay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Melbourne_railway_station=Melbourne railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gumbaynggirr_State_Conservation_Area=Gumbaynggirr State Conservation Area
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black,_Illinois=Black, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kouaba=Kouaba
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandra_Terminus=Bandra Terminus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sierra_de_la_Ventana_(mountains)=Sierra de la Ventana (mountains)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Met_1=Met 1
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheddikulam=Cheddikulam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_York_Stadium=New York Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kentra=Kentra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalowali=Dalowali
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roberts_Building_(Great_Falls,_Montana)=Roberts Building (Great Falls, Montana)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casummit_Creek=Casummit Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Summit_Lake_(Ontario)=South Summit Lake (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upper_Summit_Lake_(British_Columbia)=Upper Summit Lake (British Columbia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kunshan_South_Railway_Station=Kunshan South Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveyor_Lake_(Nipissing_District)=Surveyor Lake (Nipissing District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surveyor_Lake_(Algoma_District)=Surveyor Lake (Algoma District)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyzylsky_District=Kyzylsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheongmyeong_Station=Cheongmyeong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Obedjiwan,_Quebec=Obedjiwan, Quebec
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hilltop,_West_Virginia=Hilltop, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashgar=Kashgar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheltenham_High_Street_railway_station=Cheltenham High Street railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Sacred_Heart_of_Jesus_(New_York_City)=Church of the Sacred Heart of Jesus (New York City)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Peters_Brook_(Stony_Brook)=Peters Brook (Stony Brook)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rainham,_London=Rainham, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exhall,_Stratford-on-Avon=Exhall, Stratford-on-Avon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinoak,_West_Virginia=Pinoak, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_R._Newell_House_(Orlando,_Florida)=George R. Newell House (Orlando, Florida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetbury_Road_railway_station=Tetbury Road railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boguchansky_District=Boguchansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senapati_(Tahamzam)=Senapati (Tahamzam)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalmansky_District=Kalmansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarsky_District=Khabarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nemetsky_National_District=Nemetsky National District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Kalmansky_District=Ust-Kalmansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilaiya=Tilaiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wagu=Wagu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_George_Washington_Hotel_(Winchester,_Virginia)=The George Washington Hotel (Winchester, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Menagissey=Menagissey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_13_Business_(Salisbury,_Maryland)=U.S. Route 13 Business (Salisbury, Maryland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moti_Jheel=Moti Jheel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Padawan_municipality=Padawan municipality
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fletcher_Chapel=Fletcher Chapel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carlyon=Carlyon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bazilioniai=Bazilioniai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marina_South_Pier_MRT_Station=Marina South Pier MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Annapolis_Junction,_Maryland=Annapolis Junction, Maryland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Milina=Milina
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nouvelle_railway_station=Nouvelle railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Botanical_Garden_metro_station=Botanical Garden metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Salina_Street_Downtown_Historic_District=South Salina Street Downtown Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashton_Villa=Ashton Villa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molinos,_Chile=Molinos, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_End,_Brent=Church End, Brent
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enevo,_Dobrich_Province=Enevo, Dobrich Province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chernevtsi=Chernevtsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newton,_West_Virginia=Newton, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Great_Basin_Divide=Great Basin Divide
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ramala=Ramala
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Restronguet_Point=Restronguet Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marton_Mere_Local_Nature_Reserve=Marton Mere Local Nature Reserve
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamberg_Glacier=Hamberg Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nimberg=Nimberg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voll,_Akershus=Voll, Akershus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sunan_Shuofang_International_Airport=Sunan Shuofang International Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clinton_Downtown_Historic_District_(Clinton,_Michigan)=Clinton Downtown Historic District (Clinton, Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Wick=The Wick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sawmill_Brook_(New_Jersey)=Sawmill Brook (New Jersey)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_House,_Richmond_Hill=Wick House, Richmond Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maryina_Roshcha_(Moscow_Metro)=Maryina Roshcha (Moscow Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Stadium_(Texas)=Toyota Stadium (Texas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meadowlands_Stadium=Meadowlands Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kampong_Luong=Kampong Luong
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brentford_railway_station_(1860-1942)=Brentford railway station (1860-1942)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilmastalu=Ilmastalu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madila=Madila
http://dbpedia.org/resource/John_Edwards_House=John Edwards House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Siena=Siena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denny_Field_(Washington)=Denny Field (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surfrider=Surfrider
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marie_Bay=Marie Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kangerluarsoruseq=Kangerluarsoruseq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_Hill=Crow Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_James=Mount James
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brig_railway_station=Brig railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penzhinsky_District=Penzhinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worldham=Worldham
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khabarovsky_District=Khabarovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rok_River=Rok River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianus_River_Railroad_Bridge=Mianus River Railroad Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Brook=Cedar Brook
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oryu_Station=Oryu Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kavkazsky_District=Kavkazsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korenovsky_District=Korenovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Labinsky_District=Labinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Labinsky_District=Ust-Labinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cealasaigh=Cealasaigh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Virginia_Air_and_Space_Center=Virginia Air and Space Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenwich_(village),_New_York=Greenwich (village), New York
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bluejay_Creek=Bluejay Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Longview_Farm=Longview Farm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Captain_Cook_Hotel=Captain Cook Hotel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Parel_railway_station=Lower Parel railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waldo_Water_Tower_(Waldo,_Arkansas)=Waldo Water Tower (Waldo, Arkansas)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Allegheny_High_School=Allegheny High School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Springfield_Public_School=Springfield Public School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bellevue_funicular=Bellevue funicular
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Van_Alen_Building=Van Alen Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Biggar_No._347=Rural Municipality of Biggar No. 347
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Belleville_funicular_tramway=Belleville funicular tramway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadarpiku=Kadarpiku
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadapiku,_Kadrina_Parish=Kadapiku, Kadrina Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadapiku,_Tamsalu_Parish=Kadapiku, Tamsalu Parish
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Upton,_West_Oxfordshire=Upton, West Oxfordshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varbuse=Varbuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordinsky_District=Ordinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Buchanan_No._304=Rural Municipality of Buchanan No. 304
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Buffalo_No._409=Rural Municipality of Buffalo No. 409
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Calder_No._241=Rural Municipality of Calder No. 241
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozice,_Croatia=Kozice, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Selce,_Croatia=Selce, Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carbon_Canyon_Dam=Carbon Canyon Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampines_East_MRT_Station=Tampines East MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tampines_West_MRT_Station=Tampines West MRT Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Canaan_No._225=Rural Municipality of Canaan No. 225
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Chesterfield_No._261=Rural Municipality of Chesterfield No. 261
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azovsky_Nemetsky_National_District=Azovsky Nemetsky National District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Emerald_No._277=Rural Municipality of Emerald No. 277
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Fish_Creek_No._402=Rural Municipality of Fish Creek No. 402
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Clayton_No._333=Rural Municipality of Clayton No. 333
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Cote_No._271=Rural Municipality of Cote No. 271
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Douglas_No._436=Rural Municipality of Douglas No. 436
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Duck_Lake_No._463=Rural Municipality of Duck Lake No. 463
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Yuba_River=South Yuba River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoeyang_Southeast_Airport=Hoeyang Southeast Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_General_of_Warsaw=Government General of Warsaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vuno=Vuno
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Simpson_Tunnel=Simpson Tunnel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozarice=Kozarice
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kozarica=Kozarica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Del_Castilho=Del Castilho
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calero_Reservoir=Calero Reservoir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_House_(Manhattan)=Red House (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Solar_Power_Project=Blythe Solar Power Project
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Glenside_No._377=Rural Municipality of Glenside No. 377
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Grandview_No._349=Rural Municipality of Grandview No. 349
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Grass_Lake_No._381=Rural Municipality of Grass Lake No. 381
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bensen_House=Bensen House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Township,_Midland_County,_Michigan=Mills Township, Midland County, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holland_Township,_Missaukee_County,_Michigan=Holland Township, Missaukee County, Michigan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Hazel_Dell_No._335=Rural Municipality of Hazel Dell No. 335
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Hillsdale_No._440=Rural Municipality of Hillsdale No. 440
http://dbpedia.org/resource/El_Matareya=El Matareya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Ituna_Bon_Accord_No._246=Rural Municipality of Ituna Bon Accord No. 246
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Kinistino_No._459=Rural Municipality of Kinistino No. 459
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Yarra_River=Little Yarra River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Skrim=Skrim
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Laird_No._404=Rural Municipality of Laird No. 404
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Lake_Lenore_No._399=Rural Municipality of Lake Lenore No. 399
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadabi=Kadabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greensted_Green=Greensted Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pannonian_Croatia=Pannonian Croatia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/District_of_Lakeland_No._521=District of Lakeland No. 521
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daultabad=Daultabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Livingston_No._331=Rural Municipality of Livingston No. 331
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Monet_No._257=Rural Municipality of Monet No. 257
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dargo_River=Dargo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southolt=Southolt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olivet_Cumberland_Presbyterian_Church=Mount Olivet Cumberland Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Medstead_No._497=Rural Municipality of Medstead No. 497
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alpha_Island=Alpha Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Andrews_Peaks=Andrews Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Mervin_No._499=Rural Municipality of Mervin No. 499
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Milden_No._286=Rural Municipality of Milden No. 286
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Montrose_No._315=Rural Municipality of Montrose No. 315
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rural_Municipality_of_Mountain_View_No._318=Rural Municipality of Mountain View No. 318
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bell_River_(Michigan)=Bell River (Michigan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Insein,_Kale=Insein, Kale
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_End,_Hampshire=East End, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Triple_Divide_Peak_(Madera_County,_California)=Triple Divide Peak (Madera County, California)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Benton_Island=Benton Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bindschadler_Glacier=Bindschadler Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Howe_Street=Howe Street
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fort_Pleasant=Fort Pleasant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hortaleza=Hortaleza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lymanske_(urban-type_settlement)=Lymanske (urban-type settlement)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodmen_of_the_World_Building_(Omaha,_Nebraska)=Woodmen of the World Building (Omaha, Nebraska)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Branxholm,_Tasmania=Branxholm, Tasmania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lee,_Hampshire=Lee, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Culkein_Drumbeg=Culkein Drumbeg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Delaware_Water_Gap_(Delaware,_Lackawanna_and_Western_Railroad_station)=Delaware Water Gap (Delaware, Lackawanna and Western Railroad station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worting,_Hampshire=Worting, Hampshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bloch_Peak=Bloch Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/New_Brunswick_Main_Post_Office=New Brunswick Main Post Office
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borley_Point=Borley Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bradshaw_Peak=Bradshaw Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Bradshaw=Mount Bradshaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Braun=Mount Braun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Briggs_Point=Briggs Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Brooke=Mount Brooke
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkitt_Nunatak=Burkitt Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttress_Nunatak=Buttress Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Caldwell=Mount Caldwell
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kara_River=Kara River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainton_Street_Halt_railway_station=Hainton Street Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asab=Asab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooke_Glacier=Cooke Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wyoming_Basin_physiographic_province=Wyoming Basin physiographic province
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kapuas_River_(Barito_River)=Kapuas River (Barito River)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davies_Bay=Davies Bay
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Davies=Cape Davies
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnson_Peak=Johnson Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Johnston_Glacier=Johnston Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kraut_Rocks=Kraut Rocks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenstead_Green=Greenstead Green
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dewe=Mount Dewe
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chatyr-Tau=Chatyr-Tau
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orange_Grove,_United_States_Virgin_Islands=Orange Grove, United States Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Orangegrove,_United_States_Virgin_Islands=Orangegrove, United States Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint_John,_Saint_Croix,_U.S._Virgin_Islands=Saint John, Saint Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffiths_Glacier=Griffiths Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Griffith_Glacier=Griffith Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglas_Peaks=Douglas Peaks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Frenchmans_Creek_(New_South_Wales)=Frenchmans Creek (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sevenmile_Creek=Sevenmile Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Reach_(Vidhan_Sabha_constituency)=Garden Reach (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Doumani_Peak=Doumani Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Doumani=Mount Doumani
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Dover=Mount Dover
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Emerson=Mount Emerson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Emison=Mount Emison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Feeley_Peak=Feeley Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ferguson_Glacier=Ferguson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fergusson_Glacier=Fergusson Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fisher_Nunatak=Fisher Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardiner_Ridge=Gardiner Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gardner_Ridge=Gardner Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gardner=Mount Gardner
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gerlache=Mount Gerlache
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goodell_Glacier=Goodell Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gray_Glacier=Gray Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Gray=Mount Gray
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mooney=Mount Mooney
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Morriss_Peak=Morriss Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hall_Nunatak=Hall Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hansen_Glacier=Hansen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hanson=Mount Hanson
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Harbord_Glacier=Harbord Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miller_Nunatak=Miller Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKinnis_Peak=McKinnis Peak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Hills=Martin Hills
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Martine=Mount Martine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Martyn=Mount Martyn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hummel=Mount Hummel
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hunt_Glacier=Hunt Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Humps_Island=Humps Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Mathew=Mount Mathew
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matthews_Glacier=Matthews Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McCleary_Glacier=McCleary Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Malone=Mount Malone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reola=Reola
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Comercial=La Comercial
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Hoffman=Mount Hoffman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ram_Head=Ram Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelley_Nunatak=Kelley Nunatak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelly_Nunataks=Kelly Nunataks
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kennett_Ridge=Kennett Ridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vantage_Hill=Vantage Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/La_Gorce_Mountains=La Gorce Mountains
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Larsen_Glacier=Larsen Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Blythe_Photovoltaic_Power_Plant=Blythe Photovoltaic Power Plant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Government_Building,_Kiev=Government Building, Kiev
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rovereta=Rovereta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dalziel_Park_(stadium)=Dalziel Park (stadium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daviot,_Highland=Daviot, Highland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isvoarele=Isvoarele
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aroya,_Colorado=Aroya, Colorado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Walterstone=Walterstone
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Row_Heath=Row Heath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nottington=Nottington
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepsi=Lepsi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lepsy=Lepsy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lehemetsa=Lehemetsa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quoditch=Quoditch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Provo_Tabernacle=Provo Tabernacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharagpur_Sadar_(Vidhan_Sabha_constituency)=Kharagpur Sadar (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kharagpur_(Vidhan_Sabha_constituency)=Kharagpur (Vidhan Sabha constituency)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qurum=Qurum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lyuban,_Belarus=Lyuban, Belarus
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Narela=Narela
http://dbpedia.org/resource/SAGE_radar_stations=SAGE radar stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Horse_Tavern_(Old_Saybrook,_Connecticut)=Black Horse Tavern (Old Saybrook, Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chequerbent_railway_station=Chequerbent railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penguin_Encounter=Penguin Encounter
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Ascension,_Roman_Catholic_(Manhattan)=Church of the Ascension, Roman Catholic (Manhattan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Station_(MBTA_station)=South Station (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elisha_Bushnell_House=Elisha Bushnell House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Thetis_(island)=Thetis (island)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ustyansky_District=Ustyansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Torquay_Lifeboat_Station=Torquay Lifeboat Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rocky_Point,_Oregon=Rocky Point, Oregon
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stoer_Head=Stoer Head
http://dbpedia.org/resource/RKO_Keith's_Theater_(Flushing,_Queens)=RKO Keith's Theater (Flushing, Queens)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nam_Pung_Dam=Nam Pung Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ubol_Ratana_Dam=Ubol Ratana Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Round_Top_Branch=Round Top Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jhalawar_State=Jhalawar State
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alleghany_County_Courthouse=Alleghany County Courthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Douglaston_Hill_Historic_District=Douglaston Hill Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greenbrier_Mall=Greenbrier Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cape_Cleveland_Light=Cape Cleveland Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cleveland_Point_Light=Cleveland Point Light
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Odgen,_Illinois=Odgen, Illinois
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianus_River_Bridge=Mianus River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Papa,_Shetland=Papa, Shetland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bega_River_(New_South_Wales)=Bega River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Dry_Creek_(Littleton,_Colorado)=Big Dry Creek (Littleton, Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cork_Prison=Cork Prison
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lazarica=Lazarica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Al_Harra',_Makkah=Al Harra', Makkah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Williamson_Mountain=Williamson Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cochrane_Dam=Cochrane Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hull_Victoria_Pier_railway_station=Hull Victoria Pier railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Rock_River=White Rock River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Manor_Park_Country_Park=Manor Park Country Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Sis=Mount Sis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Watson_School=Watson School
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zachariah_Curtiss_House=Zachariah Curtiss House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Freguesia_(Ilha_do_Governador)=Freguesia (Ilha do Governador)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loire=Loire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Basai=Basai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Edappally_Junction=Edappally Junction
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broadford,_County_Clare=Broadford, County Clare
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fankerton=Fankerton
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikare_River_(Northland)=Waikare River (Northland)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Waikare_River_(Bay_of_Plenty)=Waikare River (Bay of Plenty)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nairobi_County=Nairobi County
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chequerbent_railway_station_(1831)=Chequerbent railway station (1831)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rogers_Place=Rogers Place
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandler_River_(New_South_Wales)=Chandler River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cerro_Pelado=Cerro Pelado
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Austin_Executive_Airpark=Austin Executive Airpark
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sandved,_Norway=Sandved, Norway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Riska=Riska
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_C._Murphy_House=Paul C. Murphy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_J._Malarkey_House=Daniel J. Malarkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Herbert_and_Elizabeth_Malarkey_House=Herbert and Elizabeth Malarkey House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Pipes_House=George Pipes House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_Luther_Pipes_House=Martin Luther Pipes House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Postal_Building_(Portland,_Oregon)=Postal Building (Portland, Oregon)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alofitai=Alofitai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mala'e_(Wallis)=Mala'e (Wallis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/James_E._Wheeler_House=James E. Wheeler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cora_Bryant_Wheeler_House=Cora Bryant Wheeler House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paul_F._Murphy_House=Paul F. Murphy House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fair_Oaks,_Fairfax_County,_Virginia=Fair Oaks, Fairfax County, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rivanna_(CDP),_Virginia=Rivanna (CDP), Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hustad_Church=Hustad Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miguel_de_Benavides_Library=Miguel de Benavides Library
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Grove_Park,_Hounslow=Grove Park, Hounslow
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Creek,_Queensland=Bells Creek, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kelby=Kelby
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Exchange_Building_(Memphis)=Exchange Building (Memphis)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jiului_metro_station=Jiului metro station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Woodlands,_California=Woodlands, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gorno-Altai_Autonomous_Soviet_Socialist_Republic=Gorno-Altai Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marunouchi_Building=Marunouchi Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buttar_Sarinh=Buttar Sarinh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Elliott_R._Corbett_House=Elliott R. Corbett House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moira_railway_station,_Leicestershire=Moira railway station, Leicestershire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Isabel,_North_Dakota=Isabel, North Dakota
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Richmond_Hill_House=Richmond Hill House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guelph_City_Hall=Guelph City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forden=Forden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quoit,_Cornwall=Quoit, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crow_River_(Ontario)=Crow River (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dniester_Pumped_Storage_Power_Station=Dniester Pumped Storage Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalarsky_District=Kalarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kyrinsky_District=Kyrinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerchinsky_District=Nerchinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nerchinsko-Zavodsky_District=Nerchinsko-Zavodsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pogarsky_District=Pogarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kizilsky_District=Kizilsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kirensky_District=Kirensky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omutninsky_District=Omutninsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yuryansky_District=Yuryansky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Myshkinsky_District=Myshkinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kadyysky_District=Kadyysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dmitriyevsky_District=Dmitriyevsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Korenevsky_District=Korenevsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buturlinsky_District=Buturlinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gaginsky_District=Gaginsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Moshkovsky_District=Moshkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ordynsky_District=Ordynsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Poltavsky_District=Poltavsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ust-Ishimsky_District=Ust-Ishimsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Novoderevenkovsky_District=Novoderevenkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Azovsky_District=Azovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyshlinsky_District=Kamyshlinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltaysky_District=Baltaysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamyshlovsky_District=Kamyshlovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slobodo-Turinsky_District=Slobodo-Turinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turinsky_District=Turinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oleninsky_District=Oleninsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zharkovsky_District=Zharkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ishimsky_District=Ishimsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Omutinsky_District=Omutinsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yarkovsky_District=Yarkovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalachyovsky_District=Kalachyovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kaduysky_District=Kaduysky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogucharsky_District=Bogucharsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buturlinovsky_District=Buturlinovsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalacheyevsky_District=Kalacheyevsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bogorodskoye_District=Bogorodskoye District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khandvi=Khandvi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefid_Sang=Sefid Sang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alb_(Southern_Black_Forest)=Alb (Southern Black Forest)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baltimore_Highlands,_Baltimore=Baltimore Highlands, Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Forrest_Hills,_Tennessee=Forrest Hills, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hir_Rural_District=Hir Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Esmail_Khan_Kandi=Esmail Khan Kandi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sup'ung_Dam=Sup'ung Dam
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Erima=Erima
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jenah_District=Jenah District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kukherd_District=Kukherd District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hamidiya=Hamidiya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Utah_State_Fair=Utah State Fair
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalkhvoran-e_Viyand=Kalkhvoran-e Viyand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Viyand-e_Kalkhvoran=Viyand-e Kalkhvoran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Butterwick=East Butterwick
http://dbpedia.org/resource/IDA_Bollaram=IDA Bollaram
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Vernon_North_railway_station=Mount Vernon North railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nieme=Nieme
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Broad_Lane=Broad Lane
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lower_Croan=Lower Croan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Penponds=Penponds
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Missile_Master=Missile Master
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kearsarge_(ghost_town),_California=Kearsarge (ghost town), California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brown_Park=Brown Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/U.S._Route_136_in_Iowa=U.S. Route 136 in Iowa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Torne=River Torne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St_Mary_the_Virgin's_Church,_Fawley=St Mary the Virgin's Church, Fawley
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Cross,_Cornwall=White Cross, Cornwall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tygart_Creek=Tygart Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wicks_Building=Wicks Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chengde_Airport=Chengde Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keshavar=Keshavar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ika,_Nigeria=Ika, Nigeria
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Garden_Theatre=Garden Theatre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Olive_Cumberland_Presbyterian_Church=Mount Olive Cumberland Presbyterian Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKnightstown,_Pennsylvania=McKnightstown, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salza_(Saale)=Salza (Saale)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Cardales=Los Cardales
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mamuniyeh=Mamuniyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chenfu_Township=Chenfu Township
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keremeos_Centre,_British_Columbia=Keremeos Centre, British Columbia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Halls_Mill_Covered_Bridge=Halls Mill Covered Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Girls'_Domestic_Science_and_Arts_Building=Girls' Domestic Science and Arts Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Dark_Knight_Coaster=The Dark Knight Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang-e_Sefid,_Borborud-e_Sharqi=Sang-e Sefid, Borborud-e Sharqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarah_Khan,_Lorestan=Qarah Khan, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tetbury_railway_station=Tetbury railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sea_Eye_Lake=Sea Eye Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bandra_railway_station=Bandra railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alarsky_District=Alarsky District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calbha_Mor=Calbha Mor
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Central_Park_Stadium=Central Park Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pinnacle=Mount Pinnacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahvali,_Lorestan=Shahvali, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ceallasaigh_Beag=Ceallasaigh Beag
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mirobod=Mirobod
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Middleton,_Craven=Middleton, Craven
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wick_Building=Wick Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bizhanvand=Bizhanvand
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayshore_Boulevard=Bayshore Boulevard
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Warada=Warada
http://dbpedia.org/resource/20,_Ashoka_Road=20, Ashoka Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pel_Hava=Pel Hava
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_Lock_4_Historic_District=Appleton Lock 4 Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Appleton_Locks_1-3_Historic_District=Appleton Locks 1-3 Historic District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Close_City,_Texas=Close City, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Batu_Kawa=Batu Kawa
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Marlton,_Camden=Marlton, Camden
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Xinye_Village=Xinye Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/FGC_line_S5=FGC line S5
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miangaran,_Lorestan=Miangaran, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ganjali,_Lorestan=Ganjali, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Iron_County_MRA=Iron County MRA
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareh-ye_Mian_Rud-e_Zaruni=Kareh-ye Mian Rud-e Zaruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Rud-e_Zaruni=Mian Rud-e Zaruni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasem_Begi=Qasem Begi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qasem_Beygi=Qasem Beygi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shurabeh-ye_Vosta=Shurabeh-ye Vosta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Theodore_Roosevelt_Memorial_Bridge=Theodore Roosevelt Memorial Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/White_Horse_Pagoda,_Dunhuang=White Horse Pagoda, Dunhuang
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chogha_Darmian=Chogha Darmian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guri_Sabz=Guri Sabz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Takht_Ab,_Lorestan=Takht Ab, Lorestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Abbas=Bon Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zuran_Tall=Zuran Tall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alamabad,_Selseleh=Alamabad, Selseleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Eilt=Loch Eilt
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khowai_Airport=Khowai Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Clermont_Airport=Clermont Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Naservand,_Selseleh=Naservand, Selseleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slawharad=Slawharad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/King_Cobra_(ride)=King Cobra (ride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zagreb_Mosque=Zagreb Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanjing_General_Hospital_of_Nanjing_Military_Command=Nanjing General Hospital of Nanjing Military Command
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rumeshteh=Rumeshteh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shuyang,_Fujian=Shuyang, Fujian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daniel_Lyons_(shipwreck)=Daniel Lyons (shipwreck)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Movil=Movil
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atlin_Mountain=Atlin Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shisheh_Qaleh=Shisheh Qaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parchkuh=Parchkuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keh=Keh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dongji_(town)=Dongji (town)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/KGV_Park=KGV Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slieve_Bawn=Slieve Bawn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hollygrove,_West_Virginia=Hollygrove, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gacheh=Gacheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoyah_State_Park=Sequoyah State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Drumfries_railway_station=Drumfries railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kankinara_railway_station=Kankinara railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Markeaton_Interceptor_Storm_Relief_Culvert=Markeaton Interceptor Storm Relief Culvert
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hesar-e_Olya,_Tehran=Hesar-e Olya, Tehran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Busra_al-Harir=Busra al-Harir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazraeh-ye_Abdallahabad=Mazraeh-ye Abdallahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sequoyah_Bay_State_Park=Sequoyah Bay State Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daman_Kuh_Rural_District=Daman Kuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alofivai=Alofivai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armudlu,_Iran=Armudlu, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Miyan_Dasht_Rural_District=Miyan Dasht Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalateh-ye_Hajj_Rahmat=Kalateh-ye Hajj Rahmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Razmeghan=Razmeghan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosenberg's_Department_Store=Rosenberg's Department Store
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Weldons,_California=Weldons, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcourt_railway_station,_County_Cork=Newcourt railway station, County Cork
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barakuh_Rural_District=Barakuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pinjarra_Power_Station=Pinjarra Power Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khazan=Khazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gusheh-ye_Olya,_South_Khorasan=Gusheh-ye Olya, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bug,_Kentucky=Bug, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fazlabad,_South_Khorasan=Fazlabad, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fereyduni,_South_Khorasan=Fereyduni, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holme,_West_Lindsey=Holme, West Lindsey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kenmore_(Spotsylvania_County,_Virginia)=Kenmore (Spotsylvania County, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fereydun,_South_Khorasan=Fereydun, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nig,_Iran=Nig, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boznabad=Boznabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varezg=Varezg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varazq=Varazq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvosh_Ab,_South_Khorasan=Khvosh Ab, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/X-Coaster=X-Coaster
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khvoshab,_South_Khorasan=Khvoshab, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads,_Monongalia_County,_West_Virginia=Crossroads, Monongalia County, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nik,_South_Khorasan=Nik, South Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murutak=Murutak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehizg=Rehizg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rohuzg=Rohuzg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molla_Ali_Tappeh=Molla Ali Tappeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Malek_Ali_Tappeh=Malek Ali Tappeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imer_Mohammad=Imer Mohammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/O'Brien,_West_Virginia=O'Brien, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lutong_Airport=Lutong Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Red_Bush,_Kentucky=Red Bush, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Palcheqli=Palcheqli
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fuyuan_Dongji_Airport=Fuyuan Dongji Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoot_and_Holler_Crossing,_Texas=Hoot and Holler Crossing, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Abadak,_Bardaskan=Ali Abadak, Bardaskan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majidabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Majidabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yengi_Qaleh,_Razavi_Khorasan=Yengi Qaleh, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sefid_Sang_Rural_District=Sefid Sang Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senjedak,_Fariman=Senjedak, Fariman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suncrest,_West_Virginia=Suncrest, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Senjetak,_Fariman=Senjetak, Fariman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owmby,_Lincolnshire=Owmby, Lincolnshire
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yengeh_Qaleh,_Razavi_Khorasan=Yengeh Qaleh, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/The_Ritz-Carlton,_Georgetown=The Ritz-Carlton, Georgetown
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Meymand,_Razavi_Khorasan=Meymand, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jabaleh=Jabaleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Holly_Grove,_West_Virginia=Holly Grove, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pirakuh_Rural_District=Pirakuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mianabad,_Jowayin=Mianabad, Jowayin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkuh_Rural_District=Barkuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keybar_Rural_District=Keybar Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kensington_High_School_for_Girls=Kensington High School for Girls
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kushkak,_Razavi_Khorasan=Kushkak, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshqabad_Rural_District=Eshqabad Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshaqabad_Rural_District=Eshaqabad Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Shisheh=Qaleh Shisheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Majdabad,_Razavi_Khorasan=Majdabad, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/East_Gate_Square=East Gate Square
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabbeh=Sabbeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suzhou_Railway_Station_(Metro)=Suzhou Railway Station (Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/United_States_Air_Force_Western_Regional_Operations_Building=United States Air Force Western Regional Operations Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Danmark_Church=Danmark Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbasabad,_Torbat-e_Heydarieh=Abbasabad, Torbat-e Heydarieh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Pain,_Razavi_Khorasan=Deh-e Pain, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karizan_Rural_District=Karizan Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalateh-ye_Hajji_Rahmat=Kalateh-ye Hajji Rahmat
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zakaria,_Iran=Zakaria, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bowness_railway_station=Bowness railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kashkak,_Razavi_Khorasan=Kashkak, Razavi Khorasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seydabad,_Semnan=Seydabad, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Damankuh_Rural_District=Damankuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roborough,_Torridge=Roborough, Torridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazraeh-ye_Hasanabadu=Mazraeh-ye Hasanabadu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkh_Ab,_Semnan=Talkh Ab, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mazraeh-ye_Abdollahabad=Mazraeh-ye Abdollahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Seyyedabad,_Semnan=Seyyedabad, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boston_Store_(Erie,_Pennsylvania)=Boston Store (Erie, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Talkhab,_Semnan=Talkhab, Semnan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Maison_Cartier=Maison Cartier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Angostura_Dam_(U.S.)=Angostura Dam (U.S.)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mills_Glacier=Mills Glacier
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roachester,_Ohio=Roachester, Ohio
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fourmile,_Kentucky=Fourmile, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/North,_Virginia=North, Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Church_of_the_Sacred_Heart_(Richmond,_Virginia)=Church of the Sacred Heart (Richmond, Virginia)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_Ascog=Loch Ascog
http://dbpedia.org/resource/George_Douglass_House=George Douglass House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karezan_Rural_District=Karezan Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alavoneh=Alavoneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarrin=Sarrin
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayyed_Jaber=Sayyed Jaber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sayyed_Yaber=Sayyed Yaber
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyuz,_Esmailiyeh=Beyuz, Esmailiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongxian_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongxian Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samsan_Station=Samsan Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Louisiana_State_Route_23=Louisiana State Route 23
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zhongzhou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Zhongzhou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh_Bar,_Khuzestan=Deh Bar, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anaraki=Anaraki
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hanjiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Hanjiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shiban'gou_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shiban'gou Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/All_Saints_Cathedral,_Allahabad=All Saints Cathedral, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fiftysix,_Arkansas=Fiftysix, Arkansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asgog_Loch=Asgog Loch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hureh,_Khuzestan=Hureh, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chahal_Konar=Chahal Konar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cam_Loch=Cam Loch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lahbid=Lahbid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mashhadi_Mohammad=Mashhadi Mohammad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shibanpo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Shibanpo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Albu_Afri=Albu Afri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gavmishabad,_Dezful=Gavmishabad, Dezful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehbar,_Khuzestan=Dehbar, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lijiatuo_Yangtze_River_Bridge=Lijiatuo Yangtze River Bridge
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kheybar_Rural_District=Kheybar Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campbeltown_railway_station=Campbeltown railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Loch_A'_Chaorainn=Loch A' Chaorainn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sabz_Ab=Sabz Ab
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chal_Shah=Chal Shah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Calhoun,_West_Virginia=Calhoun, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boneh-ye_Mirza=Boneh-ye Mirza
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rez_Gah,_Khuzestan=Rez Gah, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shamsabad,_Dezful=Shamsabad, Dezful
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jafir=Jafir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kal_Khvajeh=Kal Khvajeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lah_Bid=Lah Bid
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murd,_Izeh=Murd, Izeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrizak,_Izeh=Abrizak, Izeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abrizaki,_Izeh=Abrizaki, Izeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rezgah,_Khuzestan=Rezgah, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Haffar,_Iran=Haffar, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookville,_Ocean_County,_New_Jersey=Brookville, Ocean County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amaithi=Amaithi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boneh-ye_Hajji=Boneh-ye Hajji
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ukrainian_People's_Republic_of_Soviets=Ukrainian People's Republic of Soviets
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bovirdeh=Bovirdeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Safra,_Iran=Safra, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar_Peak_(Canberra)=Gibraltar Peak (Canberra)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Masudi,_Khuzestan=Masudi, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gibraltar_Range=Gibraltar Range
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khovis=Khovis
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrak-e_Shoeyb_Nabi=Shahrak-e Shoeyb Nabi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ab_Garmak-e_Sofla,_Khuzestan=Ab Garmak-e Sofla, Khuzestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zirmalleh=Zirmalleh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerpark_(former_borough)=Westerpark (former borough)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Westerpark_(neighborhood)=Westerpark (neighborhood)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lima_Site_85=Lima Site 85
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bu_ol_Fath=Bu ol Fath
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahsham-e_Now=Ahsham-e Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ehsham-e_Now=Ehsham-e Now
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goose_Rock,_Kentucky=Goose Rock, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barikan,_Bushehr=Barikan, Bushehr
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bulgan_Airport,_Khovd=Bulgan Airport, Khovd
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Divan,_Iran=Divan, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baghuyeh=Baghuyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Covelli_Arena=Covelli Arena
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bon_Dar,_Bandar_Abbas=Bon Dar, Bandar Abbas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shah_Bazan=Shah Bazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bohregh=Bohregh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kohur_Kalaghi=Kohur Kalaghi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wildwood,_Tennessee=Wildwood, Tennessee
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Emory_Point=Emory Point
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiai,_Iran=Kiai, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fork_Junction,_West_Virginia=Fork Junction, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karuch=Karuch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sar_Tit_Kan=Sar Tit Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tit_Kan=Tit Kan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeongtong_Station=Yeongtong Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karuiyeh=Karuiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudkhaneh_Rural_District=Rudkhaneh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hainan_Western_Ring_High-Speed_Railway=Hainan Western Ring High-Speed Railway
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kari_Dazan=Kari Dazan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nazmabad,_Markazi=Nazmabad, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nezamabad,_Markazi=Nezamabad, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mann_Lake=Mann Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Worcestershire_Parkway_Regional_Interchange=Worcestershire Parkway Regional Interchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Rudan,_Markazi=Mian Rudan, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mian_Rud,_Markazi=Mian Rud, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eel_Lake=Eel Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sang_Sefid_Rural_District=Sang Sefid Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Paraibuna_River_(Minas_Gerais)=Paraibuna River (Minas Gerais)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gheynarjeh=Gheynarjeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Toyota_Field=Toyota Field
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Handshoe,_Kentucky=Handshoe, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khmelnytskyi_Raion=Khmelnytskyi Raion
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarloq,_Markazi=Qarloq, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarluq,_Markazi=Qarluq, Markazi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Oksefjorden_(Finnmark)=Oksefjorden (Finnmark)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Knox_Presbyterian_Church_(Agincourt)=Knox Presbyterian Church (Agincourt)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McLaughlin_(Martian_crater)=McLaughlin (Martian crater)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yengejeh,_Hamadan=Yengejeh, Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bhadarwar,_Himachal_Pradesh=Bhadarwar, Himachal Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mbeya_Airport=Mbeya Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kakinada_Port_railway_station=Kakinada Port railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshmeh_Pahn,_Hamadan=Cheshmeh Pahn, Hamadan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalilabad=Kalilabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Holm_of_Skaw=Inner Holm of Skaw
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sad-e_Vaqas=Sad-e Vaqas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Voorhees_(CDP),_New_Jersey=Voorhees (CDP), New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brugg_railway_station=Brugg railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Union_Square_(Allston)_(MBTA_station)=Union Square (Allston) (MBTA station)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cross_Insurance_Center=Cross Insurance Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tavalledan=Tavalledan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Alipurduar_Junction_railway_station=Alipurduar Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Permanent_System_radar_stations=Permanent System radar stations
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inekak=Inekak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Murray_River_(Nymboida)=Little Murray River (Nymboida)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bucharest_Motorway_Ring_Road=Bucharest Motorway Ring Road
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daruiyeh=Daruiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Keruiyeh=Keruiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rio_Puerco_(Rio_Chama)=Rio Puerco (Rio Chama)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowtowr-e_Hoseynabad=Mowtowr-e Hoseynabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Germania_Club_Building=Germania Club Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalang_River_(New_South_Wales)=Kalang River (New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Banner_Mountain=Banner Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ras_al-Ayn,_Rif_Dimashq_Governorate=Ras al-Ayn, Rif Dimashq Governorate
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norddal_Church=Norddal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Enfield_Shakers_Historic_District_(Connecticut)=Enfield Shakers Historic District (Connecticut)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mowtowr-e_Abbasabad=Mowtowr-e Abbasabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Old_Chinatown,_Cleveland=Old Chinatown, Cleveland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crossroads,_Summers_County,_West_Virginia=Crossroads, Summers County, West Virginia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River_(Wollondilly)=Little River (Wollondilly)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_River_(Wingecarribee)=Little River (Wingecarribee)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vorbuse=Vorbuse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Turtle_Creek_Mall=Turtle Creek Mall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoop_and_Holler,_Texas=Hoop and Holler, Texas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sar_Chil,_Kerman=Sar Chil, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Gorgi=Bab Gorgi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Gorg=Bab Gorg
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hotel_Norfolk=Hotel Norfolk
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bab_Mishan=Bab Mishan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kahur_Kolagh=Kahur Kolagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Khomrutuiyeh=Khomrutuiyeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bugg,_Kentucky=Bugg, Kentucky
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolombeh-ye_Zangiabadi,_Kerman=Tolombeh-ye Zangiabadi, Kerman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Stella_Maris_Church,_Montevideo=Stella Maris Church, Montevideo
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bentley_Brook,_Bradbourne=Bentley Brook, Bradbourne
http://dbpedia.org/resource/At-Taqwa_Mosque=At-Taqwa Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Matador_Automatic_Radar_Control=Matador Automatic Radar Control
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Super_Combat_Center=Super Combat Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Air_Defense_Direction_Center=Air Defense Direction Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lummus_Park,_Miami_Beach=Lummus Park, Miami Beach
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Wolf_Lake_(Ontario)=Wolf Lake (Ontario)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Park_Avenue_Bridge_(Clifton,_Arizona)=Park Avenue Bridge (Clifton, Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lummus_Park,_Miami=Lummus Park, Miami
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_Meese=River Meese
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kherwadi=Kherwadi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolombeh-ye_Il_Pur=Tolombeh-ye Il Pur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tolombeh-ye_Ilpur=Tolombeh-ye Ilpur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoseynabad-e_Do,_Sirjan=Hoseynabad-e Do, Sirjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hoseynabad-e_Shomareh-ye_Do=Hoseynabad-e Shomareh-ye Do
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gothic_Mountain=Gothic Mountain
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ahmadabad-e_Baradaran=Ahmadabad-e Baradaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lexington_Township,_Johnson_County,_Kansas=Lexington Township, Johnson County, Kansas
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont,_Hunterdon_County,_New_Jersey=Rosemont, Hunterdon County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/NORAD_Control_Center=NORAD Control Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Thredbo_River=Little Thredbo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madeenaguda=Madeenaguda
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesar_Direh=Nesar Direh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ed_Daein_Airport=Ed Daein Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaneylan-e_Olya=Zaneylan-e Olya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zaneylan-e_Sofla=Zaneylan-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Zeynalan-e_Sofla=Zeynalan-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jeyran_Bolagh=Jeyran Bolagh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Molla_Zaman=Molla Zaman
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Crest_(Gladwyne,_Pennsylvania)=Cedar Crest (Gladwyne, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Shahrak-e_Sarab_Nilufar=Shahrak-e Sarab Nilufar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarab-e_Nilufar=Sarab-e Nilufar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Southend,_London=Southend, London
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Trade_Wind_Airport=Trade Wind Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tappeh_Kabud-e_Sofla=Tappeh Kabud-e Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daeti_Station=Daeti Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Javanmiri=Javanmiri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barony_of_Arcadia=Barony of Arcadia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Atkins_Tennis_Center=Atkins Tennis Center
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saadatabad-e_Lishtar=Saadatabad-e Lishtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sadatabad-e_Lishtar=Sadatabad-e Lishtar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sourdough_Inn=Sourdough Inn
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Motunau_Island=Motunau Island
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Fork_Church=Fork Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jajrud_Rural_District=Jajrud Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nesah-ye_Olya=Nesah-ye Olya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cliff_Lake_(Utah)=Cliff Lake (Utah)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kareh_Kareh=Kareh Kareh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Joseph's_Cathedral,_Allahabad=St. Joseph's Cathedral, Allahabad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sorkhun,_Kohgiluyeh_and_Boyer-Ahmad=Sorkhun, Kohgiluyeh and Boyer-Ahmad
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Casa_Peralta=Casa Peralta
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hungarian_Soviet_Republic=Hungarian Soviet Republic
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeytur,_Zanjan=Qeytur, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeytul,_Zanjan=Qeytul, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Saint-Hubert_Airport_(Belgium)=Saint-Hubert Airport (Belgium)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gowjeh_Qia=Gowjeh Qia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Armutlu,_Iran=Armutlu, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ij,_Zanjan=Ij, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ich,_Zanjan=Ich, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changur=Changur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Changuri=Changuri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gosforth_Central_Park=Gosforth Central Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Norfolk_Hotel,_Fremantle=Norfolk Hotel, Fremantle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Sugar_Museum_(Tainan)=Taiwan Sugar Museum (Tainan)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kiev_City_State_Administration=Kiev City State Administration
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eydlu=Eydlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Beyanlu,_Zanjan=Beyanlu, Zanjan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chay_Qeshlaqi=Chay Qeshlaqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jahan_Khanamlu=Jahan Khanamlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarah_Qasemlu=Qarah Qasemlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ilkhchi-ye_Sofla=Ilkhchi-ye Sofla
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ashland,_Concordia_Parish,_Louisiana=Ashland, Concordia Parish, Louisiana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borjelu,_Nir=Borjelu, Nir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Inner_Holm=Inner Holm
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tosc_(peak)=Tosc (peak)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Carolina_Airport=Carolina Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalhur,_East_Azerbaijan=Kalhur, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qarakh_Bolagh,_East_Azerbaijan=Qarakh Bolagh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qamishlu,_East_Azerbaijan=Qamishlu, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agh_Darreh=Agh Darreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pisgah,_Carbon_County,_Pennsylvania=Mount Pisgah, Carbon County, Pennsylvania
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owch_Bolagh,_East_Azerbaijan=Owch Bolagh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachit-e_Kuranlu=Nachit-e Kuranlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nachit_Kuranlu=Nachit Kuranlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Davah_Yataqi=Davah Yataqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Daveh_Yataqi=Daveh Yataqi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qomeshlu,_East_Azerbaijan=Qomeshlu, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Agh_Bolagh,_Hashtrud=Agh Bolagh, Hashtrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghbolagh,_Hashtrud=Aghbolagh, Hashtrud
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sharfeh,_East_Azerbaijan=Sharfeh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heydarkanlu=Heydarkanlu
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Owchbolagh,_East_Azerbaijan=Owchbolagh, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qeshlaq-e_Amir=Qeshlaq-e Amir
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gol_Zar,_East_Azerbaijan=Gol Zar, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalhor,_East_Azerbaijan=Kalhor, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karimabad,_Meyaneh=Karimabad, Meyaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bayram,_East_Azerbaijan=Bayram, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ammnad,_East_Azerbaijan=Ammnad, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Creek_(Glen_Fernaigh_River,_Clarence_Valley)=Boundary Creek (Glen Fernaigh River, Clarence Valley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boundary_Creek_(Nymboida_River,_Clarence_Valley)=Boundary Creek (Nymboida River, Clarence Valley)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aq_Dash,_East_Azerbaijan=Aq Dash, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golzar,_East_Azerbaijan=Golzar, East Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chandlers_Creek=Chandlers Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dashaghol=Dashaghol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dash_Aghol=Dash Aghol
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bangka_Island_(North_Sulawesi)=Bangka Island (North Sulawesi)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Aghdarreh=Aghdarreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Juqeh=Qaleh Juqeh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Jugheh=Qaleh Jugheh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gedai,_West_Azerbaijan=Gedai, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kolik,_West_Azerbaijan=Kolik, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Geday,_West_Azerbaijan=Geday, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kalik,_West_Azerbaijan=Kalik, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cedar_Party_Creek=Cedar Party Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Qaleh_Samur=Qaleh Samur
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Farnham_Hospital=Farnham Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Guli,_West_Azerbaijan=Guli, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goli,_West_Azerbaijan=Goli, West Azerbaijan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pages_Creek=Pages Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziveh,_Silvaneh=Ziveh, Silvaneh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tir_Kan,_Mazandaran=Tir Kan, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tirkan,_Mazandaran=Tirkan, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pulad_Kuh=Pulad Kuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Taiwan_Sugar_Museum_(Kaohsiung)=Taiwan Sugar Museum (Kaohsiung)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/TVK_Nagar,_Chennai=TVK Nagar, Chennai
http://dbpedia.org/resource/One_Riverside_Park=One Riverside Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dzorak=Dzorak
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Eshkevar_Rural_District=Eshkevar Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bala_Deh,_Mazandaran=Bala Deh, Mazandaran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Laurel_River=Laurel River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chiran=Chiran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nordal_Church=Nordal Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Parch_Kuh=Parch Kuh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ziaz=Ziaz
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pir_Kuh_Rural_District=Pir Kuh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/River_aux_Vases_(stream),_Missouri=River aux Vases (stream), Missouri
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Roman_Catholic_Diocese_of_Castello=Roman Catholic Diocese of Castello
http://dbpedia.org/resource/30_Hudson_Yards=30 Hudson Yards
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Quri_Chay_Rural_District=Quri Chay Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sarab-e_Hajji_Pamoq=Sarab-e Hajji Pamoq
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chehel_Cheshmeh_Rural_District=Chehel Cheshmeh Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bid_Darreh=Bid Darreh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Panjeh_Ali_Rural_District=Panjeh Ali Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chah-e_Bar=Chah-e Bar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Moradi=Ali Moradi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bidar_railway_station=Bidar railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Denman_Prospect,_Australian_Capital_Territory=Denman Prospect, Australian Capital Territory
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bells_Creek_(Blacktown,_New_South_Wales)=Bells Creek (Blacktown, New South Wales)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yalmy_River=Yalmy River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Yalmy_River=Little Yalmy River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golestan-e_Khomeyni=Golestan-e Khomeyni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudasht_Rural_District=Rudasht Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barzabad,_Isfahan=Barzabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lagyna=Lagyna
http://dbpedia.org/resource/South_Baltimore,_Baltimore=South Baltimore, Baltimore
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Varzaq_Rural_District=Varzaq Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Borzabad,_Isfahan=Borzabad, Isfahan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golestan-e_Emam_Khomeyni=Golestan-e Emam Khomeyni
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cann_River_East_Branch=Cann River East Branch
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Regent's_Park_(Camden_ward)=Regent's Park (Camden ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Highgate_(Camden_ward)=Highgate (Camden ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kilburn_(Camden_ward)=Kilburn (Camden ward)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Goolengook_River=Goolengook River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Goolengook_River=Little Goolengook River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Arte_River=Arte River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Newcastle_Hospital=Newcastle Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Arte_River=Little Arte River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/McKenzie_River_(Victoria)=McKenzie River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Salwah=Salwah
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gurung_Hill=Gurung Hill
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gippsland_Lakes_Coastal_Park=Gippsland Lakes Coastal Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Yeka=Yeka
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Izadkhvast_Rural_District=Izadkhvast Rural District
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ortigas_Interchange=Ortigas Interchange
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Dargo_River=Little Dargo River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Baker,_Iran=Baker, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bostan,_Fars=Bostan, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Murdak,_Jahrom=Murdak, Jahrom
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bakur,_Iran=Bakur, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamaraj,_Iran=Kamaraj, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Asadabad,_Kazerun=Asadabad, Kazerun
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abshur,_Fars=Abshur, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Royal_Victorian_Eye_and_Ear_Hospital=Royal Victorian Eye and Ear Hospital
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Abbad,_Fars=Abbad, Fars
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vazireh=Vazireh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_Town_Hall=Hobart Town Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dehnow-e_Moqimi=Dehnow-e Moqimi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lime_Peak_(Arizona)=Lime Peak (Arizona)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Leikanger_Church=Leikanger Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Suyeong_Station_(Busan_Metro)=Suyeong Station (Busan Metro)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deokcheon_Station=Deokcheon Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Karegi=Karegi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudi,_Sistan_and_Baluchestan=Rudi, Sistan and Baluchestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gholammohammad_Bazar=Gholammohammad Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mohrab_Bazar=Mohrab Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Gholam_Mohammad_Bazar=Gholam Mohammad Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mehrab_Bazar=Mehrab Bazar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Ali_Ahmad-e_Lek_Zahi=Deh-e Ali Ahmad-e Lek Zahi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Ali_Ahmad-e_Lek_Zayi=Deh-e Ali Ahmad-e Lek Zayi
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Amir,_Sistan_and_Baluchestan=Amir, Sistan and Baluchestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kamkhan=Kamkhan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kam_Khan=Kam Khan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kondel,_Sistan_and_Baluchestan=Kondel, Sistan and Baluchestan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Deh-e_Kandal=Deh-e Kandal
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rudy,_Iran=Rudy, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ali_Morady=Ali Morady
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Jan_Mohammad,_Iran=Jan Mohammad, Iran
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Golfview,_Florida=Golfview, Florida
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Barkly_River_(Victoria)=Barkly River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Blue_Lake=Little Blue Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lancang_Airport=Lancang Airport
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehali,_Madhya_Pradesh=Rehali, Madhya Pradesh
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rehali,_Maharashtra=Rehali, Maharashtra
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nautanwa,_Bihar=Nautanwa, Bihar
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tilaiya_Junction_railway_station=Tilaiya Junction railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millennium_Tower_(Boston,_Massachusetts)=Millennium Tower (Boston, Massachusetts)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tomhicken_Creek=Tomhicken Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sa'ad_ad-Din_Islands=Sa'ad ad-Din Islands
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Reid_Memorial_Church=Reid Memorial Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Greater_Beirut=Greater Beirut
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Vasat_Atik_Ali_Pasha_Mosque=Vasat Atik Ali Pasha Mosque
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Scream_Machine_(ride)=Scream Machine (ride)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Adlabs_Imagica_Deep_Space=Adlabs Imagica Deep Space
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sivaji_Park=Sivaji Park
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mud_Run_(Green_Creek)=Mud Run (Green Creek)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Camboon,_Queensland=Camboon, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cambroon,_Queensland=Cambroon, Queensland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pic_de_Ger=Pic de Ger
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Big_Dry_Creek_(Westminster,_Colorado)=Big Dry Creek (Westminster, Colorado)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Castac_Lake=Castac Lake
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Imamganj=Imamganj
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crawford_River_(Victoria)=Crawford River (Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Surrey_Quays_Shopping_Centre=Surrey Quays Shopping Centre
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pamilacan=Pamilacan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tanguingui_Island_(Iloilo)=Tanguingui Island (Iloilo)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Buggery_(Wangaratta,_Victoria)=Mount Buggery (Wangaratta, Victoria)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kesher_Israel_Congregation_(Harrisburg,_Pennsylvania)=Kesher Israel Congregation (Harrisburg, Pennsylvania)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Dorma_Village=Dorma Village
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Los_Molinos,_Chile=Los Molinos, Chile
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Petros_(Chornohora)=Petros (Chornohora)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crkvenica=Crkvenica
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hobart_City_Hall=Hobart City Hall
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lincoln,_Maine=Lincoln, Maine
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Mount_Pinacle=Mount Pinacle
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Samuel_Cox_House=Samuel Cox House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Crazy_Bird=Crazy Bird
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Black_Peak_(Washington)=Black Peak (Washington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Kurkura=Kurkura
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Avon_Viaduct=Avon Viaduct
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Buna,_Kenya=Buna, Kenya
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cheshunt_House=Cheshunt House
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chinatowns_in_Queens=Chinatowns in Queens
http://dbpedia.org/resource/William_Booth_Memorial_Training_College_(Wellington)=William Booth Memorial Training College (Wellington)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Anoixia=Anoixia
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Rubicon_River=Little Rubicon River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/St._Ansgar's_Church=St. Ansgar's Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Campaspe_River=Campaspe River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Little_Coliban_River=Little Coliban River
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Ein_Qiniyye=Ein Qiniyye
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lasan=Lasan
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Nanning_Railway_Station=Nanning Railway Station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Chaheru=Chaheru
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Madhogarh_Fort,_Haryana=Madhogarh Fort, Haryana
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Tremblant=Lake Tremblant
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Pyramiden_Museum=Pyramiden Museum
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Balfour_Building=Balfour Building
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Six_Bells_Halt_railway_station=Six Bells Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Sisters_High_School_(historic)=Sisters High School (historic)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Birkenside,_Scottish_Borders=Birkenside, Scottish Borders
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Bournville_(Mon)_Halt_railway_station=Bournville (Mon) Halt railway station
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Preston,_East_Linton,_East_Lothian=Preston, East Linton, East Lothian
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burkes_Creek=Burkes Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burra_Creek_(Gundagai)=Burra Creek (Gundagai)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Burra_Creek_(Palerang)=Burra Creek (Palerang)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooma_Creek=Cooma Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cooma_Back_Creek=Cooma Back Creek
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brindister,_South_Mainland=Brindister, South Mainland
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Tiya_(archaeological_site)=Tiya (archaeological site)
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Heugh_lighthouse=Heugh lighthouse
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Slangerup_Church=Slangerup Church
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Lake_Calero=Lake Calero
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Flodday,_Loch_Maddy=Flodday, Loch Maddy
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hemlock_Run=Hemlock Run
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Mercer_County,_New_Jersey=Centerville, Mercer County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Millstone,_Mercer_County,_New_Jersey=Millstone, Mercer County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Rosemont,_Mercer_County,_New_Jersey=Rosemont, Mercer County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Butte_City,_Amador_County,_California=Butte City, Amador County, California
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Centerville,_Hunterdon_County,_New_Jersey=Centerville, Hunterdon County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hillcrest,_Trenton,_New_Jersey=Hillcrest, Trenton, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Brookville,_Hunterdon_County,_New_Jersey=Brookville, Hunterdon County, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Cushetunk,_New_Jersey=Cushetunk, New Jersey
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Hatuniye_Medresseh_(Tokat)=Hatuniye Medresseh (Tokat)
